TRIBUTE TO A LOVED SISTER. DEBORAH FULLER BY M. J. L. The chill November night had worn Its silent hours away, And in the East the dawning light Gave promise of the day; The quiet village slept, nor dreamed How near the angels were, Nor saw the radiant light that streamed From heavenly gates ajar. On one alone the vision broke,— One soul the summons heard; To her it came as glad and sweet As song of morning bird; It called our sister from her pain, And nights of weariness ; To an eternal day, with God In realms of blessedness. 14 THE MANIFESTO. The hands which patiently had wrought Were folded on her breast, And on her face a peaceful calm Told of the heavenly rest. With us, the shock, the grief, the'pain, The sense of weary loss ; With her, the light, the bliss, the gain The freedom from the cross. No more is borne its heavy weight. It falls at Jesus' feet, While on her brow He lays the crown With benediction sweet. The crown, her daily life hath set With jewels bright and rare, With words of love anil gentleness, And deeds of virtue fair. Its glistening pearls of purity Her stainless life attest, And radiant gems of azure tell She followed Truth's behest. The spirit's robe of silvery white Enfolds the child of heaven, And for the feebleness of age Eternal youth is given. We lay the body down to sleep With thoughtful tender care ; But upward turn our gaze to thee Where blessed spirits are. Oh sister, let thy presence rest Around us as we kneel; The blessing of a heavenly guest Teach every heart to feel. Come to us in our daily toil, And linger by our side, And with thy clearer vision be Our comforter and guide. Be with us when the day is done, When silent every care, And on the Mother heart of God, We lay our own in prayer. Forgive us every thoughtless word, Each act that gave thee pain ; Now, knowing all, thou knowest well, We loved thee still the same. We will not say farewell, We know 'tis well with thee; And they whom holy ties unite, Can never parted be. West Gloucester, Me.