A CHRISTMAS OFFERING My Dear Gospel Children :—I have a nice story to tell you. I am ninety years of age. Some of you may think that I have lived to a great age, and so I have, four score and ten years. Only think of it! Well, as this is my Birth month, and as I shall not be likely to meet you all here, ninety years her.ce, I wish to hold sweet communion with you today through this simple method, the silent language of the pen. Dear Ones, time, to me, seems to be passing rapidly, I feel the infirmities of old age, my step is feeble, my hair is now silvery white, and my eyes are not as bright as they once were. The years come and go much faster than they did in former years. One writer says, 'When I was young the skies were clear, and all things wore a lovelier hue, when I was young.' My song may differ a little from this, when I was young, I received faith in the testimony of our beloved Mother Ann. It was blessed to my soul. I was only fifteen years of age, when I was called of God to forsake the world and live a new life; the life of consecration. My conscience was touched, my soul was awakened and I heard the voice of God, I often had serious thoughts, in my childhood, especially when I had done wrong, for I was quite certain I should not go to heaven, if I was disobedient to my parents. 'Children obey your parents in the Lord, for this is right. Honor thy Father and THE MANIFESTO. 11 Mother, that thy days may be long in the land which God hath given thee as thy sacred inheritance.' And, here let me say to the fathers and mothers, that I believe it is just as necessary that we talk to our children of the penalties of the wicked as of the joys of the just. Each are alike needed. Their minds are like tender plants, and they should have great care from day to day, and living examples of purity always before them. 'The sinner will not go unpunished.' I can say as did our Mother, 'once I served God through fear, but now I serve him with pure love.'' Well, as I have told you, I was now a girl of fifteen summers, and had learned the difference between right and wrong; I had not wealth to lay at the apostles' feet, but I had a precious soul to be saved or lost. I had not great possessions, neither house nor lands to consecrate, but had a selfish life to lay down, and I believe I did it willingly, I accepted the cross and blest it. Now, while nearing the golden gates of yonder city, which needeth not the sun, for the light of God is there, I feel the blessed effects of a life given to Him who many years ago, said 'child, give me thine heart,' and I gave it without any selfish reserve. I shall not always walk these streets as I do at the present time, but I have faith in God, wavering not in the least. My reward is with me. I have not builded air castles all my life, neither have I built upon the sand ; nay, I have secured my treasure in heaven, and the garment wrought here in earth life, will be mine to wear in the land of souls. Dear children; You who are young, need a great deal of love and charity. Some of you are young in faith as well as in years, and must be carried in the arms of your gos- pel parents, until you have become strong enough to walk; when, like little children in nature, you may stumble and perhaps fall, many times, but the kind hand of parental love will place you again upon your feet. Careful, anxious eyes will watch your every step, until you are able to stand or walk alone. Forget not your kind benefactors, but when you have arrived at the age of maturity,— deal kindly and lovingly with them ; and return to them that sweet affection and simple obedience which is justly their due. This will make you lovely in the sight of angels, and beautiful members of the church of Christ,—Be as a staff to them in their declining years and God will bless you. I may never talk with you again in this life, therefore I would deelate unto you my faith, so that you may all understand it, I am an old fashioned Shaker, and believe I have a correct faith, and love to hear that beautiful song which you sometimes sing. 'O give me the faith of the fathers, A courage to do and to dare; Mid tempests the wi'Mest, And billows the highest, O let me be true even there.' This is a great favorite with me; it speaks volumes to the soul. Now I shall feel free to tell you that I can have no fellowship with the spirit of pride and vanity. These are. not of the fathers but of the world, worldly. If ye be risen with Christ, ye can have no part nor lot in these things. Many years ago, my faith called me to come down into the valley of sweet humiliation. Our good mother and the first founders of our faith taught their children, that cleanliness was next to godliness. 'Keep your hands clean and your hearts pure,' said Mother, 'and chasten your eyes, that they may not desire the unclean things of the world,, which defile the soul and bring death and darkness.' 'Chasten your feet that they may not walk in by ways and crooked paths which lead to destruction.' 'Chasten your tongues that you speak not evil one of another, for the tongue is an unruly member, and is likened to a great fire ; therefore I would that you be guided and led by the Holy Spirit, even the spirit of truth, which is within you. If you are the children of the light, walk not in darkness, but, in the light of God, which worketh true obedience.' I never saw Mpther Ann, but, once while living at Gorham Maine, I never saw Mother Lucy Wright. She was a beautiful woman and greatly gifted in spiritual things. Her testimony and ministration were purity and love. I have also seen Eldress Ruth Langdon, in 1825. Our worthy parents, the ministry of Mount Lebanon visited this place and among the many privileges er.joyed with them, was a beautiful meeting in the door-yard at Poland Hill. It was a society meeting, and the 12 THE MANIFESTO. First Family or church, in company with the ministry marched to the Square House when that family, also joined the ranks. The whole distance was one mile, but this joyful meeting was one, never to be forgotten, we were all so happy and cheerful, as parents and children met and exchanged gospel greetings of love and affection. Elder Ebenezer Bishop, Brother Kufus Bishop, Eldress Ruth Langdon and Sister Asenath Clark, composed the order of ministry at that time. After our meeting had closed, they commenced their homeward march, with a joyful song of praise, and we listened to their sweet music as it died away in the distance. To me it was like the music of angels, I then lived at Poland Hill. Such precious seasons, are made doubly precious to me, by the recollection of gospel testimonies, which were as a two edged sword against all sin. They gave me new aspirations, higher and holier feelings, and I feel joyful as I look back on those golden moments. I have only a few more words to say, soon my sun of life, will have set to rise no more in this beautiful world, and another sphere will be mine to inhabit, there it will rise to set no more. I have been thinking of late, how necessary it is for us to be prudent and saving of all our temporal as well as spiritual blessings. Did not Mother say, when she was upon earth, 'Be prudent and saving in all things, my children, for, without the blessing of God, ye cannot make one kernel of corn grow, or even a blade of grass?' and, thinking of this I am carried back to the time, when Jesus went over the sea of Galilee and from thence up into a mountain, where he sat with his disciples. A great multitude followed because of the miracles which he had wrought. Jes- us lifted up his eyes and saw this great company and he said unto Philip, Whence shall we buy bread? One of his disciples said unto him, there is a lad here who hath five barley loaves and two small fishes, but, what are they among so many? When Jesus said, make the men sit down, so they sat down in number about five thousand. Then he took the loaves and, when he had given thanks, he distributed to the disciples and the disciples gave to the multitude, he gave also of the fishes. When they were filled, he said to his disciples, gather up the fragments that nothing may be lost, so they gathered them together, and. behold there were twelve baskets full. I wonder if any of you, my good children, take such a deep sense of this little Bible story, as your aged friend and mother. Write and let me know, will you not? O these beautiful words ! Gather up the fragments that nothing be lost, they are too good to be forgotten ; too precious to be over looked. They are as priceless jewels. What I wish to impress upon your young minds, is, not only the miracle wrought, but the great care and concern which was manifest even in those days, so many hundred years ago to 'save all that nothing may be lost.' Now as you have all gathered around me to listen to my story, I will give you my hand in blessing, and when you think of me after you have returned to your homes sing this little song, for me which will always bring my spirit very near. 'O my mother, my blessed mother, Her name to me is dear; I'll praise her name I'll spread her fame And Kings and Priests shall hear. There are many thousands praise her name And shall be many more;— Yea millions, millions tens of millions Shall her name adore.' This is the sweetest song I ever heard. I rejoice that there is a motherhood as well as a fatherhood in God. Yours in gospel blessing Anna Hurd