PROTECTION 'He has given his angels charge over thee lest, at any time, thou dash thy foot against a stone.' Forethought and care forestall loss by what are called accidents. 'No accidents in Christ,' was a wise saying of Father Joseph Meacham, the organizer of the Shaker Order. Ann Lee, like George Fox, was an original thinker. As such, she was a medium of the Christ Sphere, of the Wisdom that cometh from above. That wisdom is first purely celibate and has been gained by experience in redemption travail on the part of the witnesses, who were the first fruits of Christianity. They lived upon earth some 2000 years ago. We live, say, 100 years. One twentieth of the time that Jesus, the Apostles and their proselytes have lived in the Christ heavens, where sinners cannot go. During their sojourn upon earth, they were persecuted, killed, by the Civil Government of those who were first sensual in eating, drinking and sexual relations, vain in dressing and building and cruel even in their amusements. Not satisfied with killing and eating inferior animals, they found their '¦•'eat5 THE MANIFESTO. est excitement, their highest enjoyments, in gladiatorial exhibitions wherein from 5,000 to 50,000 people assembled in their coliseums, or theaters, to witness the combats of beasts with beasts, men with men. and oft times of men and beasts, with each other. The brutalizing effects of such unnatural diet and conduct, upon the female portion of the population, the mothers of the race, culminated in producing such monsters in human form as Nero and Caligula. Also it prepared men to be soldiers, legalized, systematic butchers of each other. And it led women to be ''carried away'' with military glory, and the worship of military heroes, like Alexander, Csesar, Napo eos, Wellington, or Washington. They d'd and do, mentally, drink blood; and the Civil and Ecclesiastical Governments were and are turned to blood, to wage national wars. Earthly, sensual, fierce, devilish, were the descending grades of human deterioration. Heavenly, pure, self-denying. angelic, were the upward steps o-f progression toward a True Christianity. The present living generation are the offspring, or descendants of these far away Roman, Greek, Jewish worldlings, and of those Roman, Greek and Jewish Christians. In the spirit world, and on the earth, Michael and his Angels have fought for perfection in the Christ life ; while the Dragon of sensualism, and its lusts, have fought the light of Church and State conservatism. If there be great power of projection in one man, or woman, who has lived a Christian life, on earth, 100 years, what must be the accumulated powers of pro- tection derived from 1000, or 2000 years of experience in Christianity, by clouds of witnesses ? In view of this fact, is it not as wise in us to keep our union and maintain the communion of Saints, in and out of the body, as a shield from evils, whether by accidents individually, or judgments collectively, as for the branches of a grape vine, or apple tree to keep united with their respective roots? If so, let us be careful to be Christ-like in all things, while, by prayer, we call upon the ransomed hosts of the Christ heavens to help us to complete and finish the work given us to do. Mt. Lebannon, N. Y.