CAPITAL PUNISHMENT LOUIS BASTING If antiquity alone can sanction any cwstom, then Capital Punishment possesses that justi- fication in an eminent degree: for it has been practiced ever since history began to -record events. The first execution chronicled in the annals of the human race, is the Deluge. It was a wholesale execution. The details were admirably planned and successfully carried out; no hitch occurred in the arrangements ; all the world were spectators, and, alas I all the world were delinquents. The tremendous cataclysm which overwhelmed the primeval people, most effectually destroyed the sinners; but, had its infliction such a terrifying effect upon the few survivors and their posterity as to prevent their sinning? Scarcely had the glowing colors of the bow of promise faded from the once more cloudless sky when Noah's drunken curses rang out upon his wicked child, condemning him and all his race to perpetual servitude. The causes which seemed to justify the infliction of the death-penalty a thousand, or even a hunired years ago, no longer exist. The political construction of civilized nations a few generations since, was of such a character that it was impossible to maintain many and costly prisons. It was impracticable to make prisoners earn their support in industrial occupations ; and to provide for thein I out of the public funds, the comparative poverty of those times did not admit. So the state put the large majority of criminals to death, which was not only the most summary punishment which could be adminis- tered, but also by far the cheapest. For it must be remembered that it was not murdei, only, which was visited by the extreme sertence of the law, but many petty andinfericr offences were punished with the same rigoi. The stealing of a sheep; the forging of a fiveii ..' &gt;r note; and the murder of a human be'n» v, ¦•e alike expiated upon the gallows. Thv ; lea of necessity for the infliction of capita] ; unishment, can no longer be main- tained. The peace and security of society do not. dci land its enforcement; but there are mn.n\ and important considerations which reqiiL'e its abolition. In how many instances people have been put to death who were innocent of the crimes they were charged with, will never be known. In such cases restitution is impossible ; the guilty go unpunished and instead of one murder, two have been committed. What a comment on human justice ! To deprive an individual of his life on circumstantial evidence, is always and utterly unjustifiable; for there is always a possibility of innocence. Six months ago, .a jury of twelve men, 'good and true,' in Jersey City, convicted two persons of murder, who, in consequence of the verdict wer-e sentenced to be hanged; now, a new trial having been granted on account of some technical flaws, another jury of twelve Trier'» 7\ THE MANIFESTO. efood and true,' with precisely the same evidence before them, acquit the prisoners. Where was justice in that case? One of the juries must have been wrong. If the former was right, than the latter compounded a crime by allowing two murderers to go free ; if the latter was right, then the former was ready to become murderers by causing two innocent persons to be put to death. It is frightful to contemplate that, the fate of two human lives depended upon the interpretation of some points of circumstantial evidence. Again, there is no doubt that many murderers are acquitted because jurors refuse to become the cause of a fellow-being's death as long as there is the slightest possibility of innocence; while if the law would punish murder by imprisonment, conviction would be readily secured. Thus, justice is baffled, and the community is endangered by having murderers go at liberty. The murderer has forfeited his right to a social existence ; heretofore society got rid of its enemy by killing him; the same end can be obtained now by confining him within the walls of a prison for the remainder of his Mfe; let his labor pay for his support; let the Executive be deprived of the pardoning power; let him die to the world politically and socially, but not physically or morally. Then he will have time for reflection anil repentance; humanity will not be shocked by brutal, demoralizing executions, and judges, jurors, executioners and all concerned will be spared many harrowing pangs of eonscience. As the deluge failed to remove sin from the earth; as the sanguinary doctrine of eternal darrnation failed to stamp out unbelief, so Has capital punishment failed to suppress the crime of murder. So long as the human heart is swayed by passions of revenge, of greed, of lust and hatred, so long will the criminal annals continue to record instances of the violation of the sixth commandment. It is only when the tone of public morality has been raised high enough that Cain's crime will become unknown. 'Thou shalt not kill,' is an eternal law as well as a prophecy. Shall we not begin its observance and hasten its fulfillment by blotting out from the statute-book its legalized violation? Let human life at least be regarded as sacred: let the brutal law of retaliation be supplanted by the divine law of love : thus we shall draw nearer to that golden epoch when peace shall reign throughout the earth, and Christ shall appear the second time without sin unto salvation. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.