Dear Florrie:—I have got all my lessons and... Ayer, Mass. Sept. 1, 1882 Dear Florrie:—I have got all my lessons and teacher says that I may write you a let. ter. We have had a splendid time with Elder Henry have we not? I wonder how many more good folks there ai'e. I have seen a few from Mt. Lebanon. I wonder if there are any more good folks besides them and those that live here. If I lived in N. H. I would go to meeting every Sabbath so as to get a card wouldn't you? Dear Florrie, what do you think of my letter, do you think I shall ever be a good letter writer? I will try and be a good girl so'that every body will love me. Dear Florrie, I must now close. Good bye, Etta Foye,—Age, 8 Dear Etta;—I am glad you have got all your lessons and... Ayer, Mass. Sept. 24, 1882 Dear Etta;—I am glad you have got all your lessons and I hope that you fully understand them, for remember that unless you fully understand all that you learn, your knowledge will not be of any use. Dear sister there are many good people and we have only seen a few of them. But in order to become like them we have got a great many things to learn and if we are willing to be taught, we may perhaps by fol- lowing their wise counsels grow good like theni. But it will take us a great, great while to gain what they have gained. Those cards were indeed very pretty and we will keep them as a pleasant reminder of the giver. Dear Etta I think you write very well for a little girl eight years old. Dear sister I mean to set out anew this very day and be a better girl than I have ever been before. Will you try with me? With much love I remain as ever, Your affectionate sister, Florrie Foye,—Age, 12 Dear Francis ;—Although we live in the same... Ayer Mass. Sept. 2. 1882 Dear Francis ;—Although we live in the same family yet I thought that I would like to converse with you a little on paper. I think that first of all that I should be very thankful for 1113' good home and for the many kind friends that I believe I shall have if I am true good and obedient to all that is taught me. Yea I always' me'an to be so good so that I may keep my union and joining with them, that when I develop into woman-hood I may be worthy to take the place of some of the aged ones who will soon pass away. I want to be kind to all my mates knowing that just as I treat them I may expect to be treated. I will now bid you adieu hoping that yotf will join with me in every good resolution. With much love, Luella Flurtis—Age, 13.