GREATNESS. ELIJAH MYRICK. Inherent greatness and endowments, unsupported by virtue, benevolence and humble service to humanity, is but a vast and barren waste. . Great possessions are a desert, unless complemented with these active elements. Position is a trust, a garment worn today, which may be put upon another tomorrow. The wheel of fortune may turn up opportunities for great achievements, and too many wait for such events, heedless of the very things which constitute greatness. In reply to the question 'Who shall be the greatest,' our exampler said, 'He who does the greatest service to all.' True greatness consists then in the merit of humble service. According to this maxim, the highway to greatness is open to all, and in degree is only measured by the improvement of opportunity. 'Subtract from a great man all that he owes to opportunity ; all that he owes to chance, and all that lie has gained by the wisdom and folly of others, and the giant will often be left a pigmy.' Greatness is too often eclipsed by selfish conceit and egotism, an incubus on greatness, as sure as gravitation ; while deference and a heedful care of that which is least, is as sure to carry one up to a just estimation of true worth, as the ascent of flame. All cannot be great ia the sense in which the world esteem greatness, but all can greatly do the little duties and obligations which contribute to the happiness of our fellow beings. Faithfulness 'in a few things,'— small things insures a trust in 'many, greater things.' True merit.can never THE MANIFESTO. hide from the appreciative eye. Strive for useful service rather than greatness. Reputation may shine like a meteor; but character is a fixed star. The vast ocean is composed of drops. The great mountains are only associated particles of matter. The suspension bridge is supported by thousands of small wires, the accumulative strength of ¦which bears hundreds of tons safely over it. So with us in our relations to each other, it is the countless every day attentions to little things which make up •the sum total of greatness. It matters nothing what the particular duties are to which the individual is called, how minute or obscure in their nature. Greatness lies not in the extent of the sphere that is filled, or of the effect which is produced, bat altogether in the power of virtue in the soul; the impelling motive, the love of goodness. 'We call him great who does some deed That echo bears from shore to shore,— 33oes that, and then does nothing more, Yet would his work, earn richer meed, When brought before the King of Kings, Were he but great in little things.' Harvard, Mass.