PERSEVERANCE. DANIEL ORCUTT. Perseverance is essential to success. 'A constant dropping wears away the stone.' Don't forget this proverb. If you would discard evil, be in earnest. Let your motto be, 'Persevere.' Failure to overcome shows that more firmness and resolution is needed. Don't expect to conquer with one blow. Stroke by stroke is the secret of success Jn the Christian wrarfare. Strike now. 'Step by step, one goes very far.' A great many steps must be taken, all in the right direction—onward and upward. Arm yourself with a steadfast purpose that will repel all hindrances, or your efforts will be unavailing. A doubting, wavering mind gains nothing. Don't 'give up' at slow progress. Slow growth is often sure growth. Pray heaven for firmness. Look on the heaven side of life. God's promises will not fail. Trust in Him. Choose wisely, resolve firmly, then execute your purpose with inflexible perseverance, and you will advance to high attainments. 'Faithful in that which is least.' Apply this motto in every day life. You cannot afford to be unfaithful. There are too many half-doers. We all admire faithfulness in others, and those who are diligent in duty according to their ability, are sure to command 36 THE MANIFESTO. respect. If a piece of work is to be done by you, persevere, by all means, and master it. Some persons commence the self-denying work, and with such earnestness that we would suppose they were 'determined to persevere to the end.' But, a*las ! after 'doing well for a season,' the work is abandoned ; they 'give up;' and thus time rolls on, showing only a blank record, and sad must that be to all who experience it. One proverb, if heeded, would help them; it is this ; 'Holdfast what you have gained and add thereto.' Perseverance is all-important; practice it and you will be convinced of it-1 value. What has been done, can be done again, and it is only those who persevere that win. Remember the Lord's declaration, 'Them that honor me I will honor.' Fill with usefulness each moment of time. Don't be put out of heart by trials : they test the material you are made of, and if rightly borne, will do a world of good. The more trials you bear, the sweeter will be the 'Peace be unto you.' Begin early in life to practice perseverance. Enfield, Conn.