Sanitary VEGETABLE DIET. 'Gunshot and other wounds never heal as quick in flesh-eating nations as in vegetableeating nations. Flesh-eaters are especially subject to inflammatory diseases, particularly fevers and dysentery. Over-indulgence in animal food gives an unnatural life, leads to sensuality, sensuality brings on exhaustion, exhaustion demands stimulation, ending in sickness, insanity and death. A vegetable diet, based on physiological principles, with a sound mind in a sound body, may be considered an absolutely certain safeguard against fevers, bowel complaints, cholera, small-pox, and similar diseases. Abstinence from animal food, tobacco, snuff', alcoholic and fermented beverages is conducive to piety, moral goodness and long life.' J. H. Ruttley, M. D. Weak Lungs. Weak Lungs.—One important principle to be remembered is that pure air is as needful for the lungs as food is for the stomach, pure air day and night. While it may not be well for the patient to be exposed in stormy weather, certainly not unless most fully clothed it is still of the utmost importance that no impure air shall be breathed at such a time, remembering the fact that moist air is not at all unfavorable, to the lungs, at least, so long as the body is warm and comfortable. Another important idea is that the skin and the lungs are in intimate sympathy, as may be seen when the pores of the skin—7,000,000 in number—are closed by what we call a cold, the re-opening of these by a sweat—the Turkish bath or its equivalent at home, the vapor bath—is the first thing to be done, by which most of the usual results are avoided. In addition, if there is special tightness, a wet cloth on which mustard has been sprinkled, may be worn over the whole chest, causing 'counter-irritation,' and diversion. It is safe also, for the victims of weak lungs to use the flesh-brush daily, as a substitute for the bath or wash of the body, which is often too violent and chilling for the sensitive—the brush to be used night and morning in winter or in cold weather. Never.—Never go to bed with cold feet. It is better to sit up for an hour, if need be, to warm them, rather than to lie awake suffering for three hours, and then have a violent cold for a long time, as the result. Never eat any article of food simply to save it, as the stomach can not well afford .to do extra labor just for the sake of saving a few mills. It is better economy to throw such things to the swine or the birds. Dyspepsia implies a loss far greater than could possibly result from the loss of a little food, which, ordinarily, might be kept till .the next meal. Never eat in haste, in consequence of a want of sufficient time. It is far better to take one-half of the usual amount of food (that might be enough, even), than to render the meal indigestible by improper haste. What is gained in time is lost in the amount of nourishment appropriated. It is emphatically true in this case that 'haste makes waste.' Never imagine that the more you eat the more you will be nourished, for the opposite is often true. We are nourished by what we digest, and not simply by what is taken into the stomach. In some cases the labor of digestion destroys more strength than the amount of nourishment will afford. There is more practical starvation from eating too much than too little. City and Country.