ASCETICISM. MARTHA J. ANDERSON. Not all earth's denizens,—the human race— To sensual life their noblest powers have given; ' On history's page this glowing truth we trace, That souls for high and glorious aims have striven. In all ages, and in every clime, the golden chain of heavenly principles has been ontwrought, in individual life and character. They, who in their mental development, expressed the highest unfoldment of the spirituality of their time, have ascended above the basic plane of animal desire and indulgence, to the cerebral region of inner consciousness the God-life of the soul, where they could enjoy the blessedness of spiritual communion untrammelled by vvorldliness and exterual temptation to sin. 'Virtue, forever frail as fair below, Her tender nature suffers hi the crowd, Nor touches on the world without a stain.' The oriental doctrine that matter was the origin of evil, hence the body was an enemy to the soul, influenced many in earlier ages, to withdraw from all human society, and abide in seclusion. Such uniformly adopted austere rules of action and rigorous abstinence from all the pleasures of the senses. Ancient Egypt, Hindostan, and Arabia, abounded with recluses, who voluntarily chose an ascetic habit of life, counting earthly things of little importance compared with the joys of that higher spiritual state, attainable by contemplation of God, and communion with the invisible world. The climactic conditions of the Orient seemed especially adapted to the development of that peculiar temperament and mentaality which naturally tend to exclusive meditation, and extreme fervor. Hence when Christianity was introduced into Egypt and the adjacent countries; it assumed in many cases, the form of the most rigid asceticism. So spiritual and yet so practical was the nature of its principles; that many unbalanced minds, conjoining the purely religious element, with the notion that all materiality was in its nature evil, and detrimental to spiritual growth, carried the idea of celibacy to extreme results, which tended to create abnormal physical conditions, and rendered the spirit while under mortal bonds, incapable of acting out its highest convictions of right. Extravagances of asceticism were usually more apparent among those who were termed anchorites, who dwelt alone in dese ts, on mountains or in caves, with nothing to regulate them but the wild fantasies of their own fevered imaginations, wrought up by an intensified nervous state induced by protracted fasts. In many cases there came a reactionary state of mind, and individuals plunged in the depths of sin, under a pretext that their souls were too holy to be contaminated therewith. Religious institutions established at later periods, for the protection, accommodation and regulation of the religiously inclined; were blessed with the salutary influence of labor, which proved beneficial in checking the visionary tendencies of the enthusiastic devotee. There were various phases of cenobite life among those who embraced Christianity, and measurably comprehended the grand principles of the virgin life and community of property. Saint Martin acted under the idea that all mercenary employment detracted from the sanctity of the monk's life ; hence, his disciples lived in holes cut from the THE MANIFESTO. rocks, or built narrow wooden cells, which they inhabited and worked just enough to barely raise a meagre subsistence. Ashamed of the necessities of the body, the religious devotee paid but little attention to its actual needs ; and, from the uncleanliness of his habits, was often the object of loathing and disgust. Extraordinary acts of mortification and piety, alone ensured his salvation. Many of the holiest of these solitaries were believed to be invested with miraculous power, which enabled them to perform great wonders ; these the common people sought with superstitious faith ; and it has been asserted that many miraculous cures were performed, in their presence. (To BE CONTINUED.)