House and Farm WINTER FEEDING AND DIGESTION. WINTER FEEDING AND DIGESTION. The following is an abstract of a paper read before the meeting of the Massachusetts Board of Agriculture, at Bridgewater, by Dr. Bowen of Connecticut: He remarked that for generations fertility had been a general waste. In times past farms had everywhere been running down in condition, but now a change for the better was noticeable. Science was shedding its light upon the practice of agriculture. The farmer of the future will be the, man who can give a good and sufficient reason for everything he does. Plants and animals stand upon the same respects, particularly so in the matter of food. The waste of animals depends upon their condition, the working oxen wastes more than the steer in the stall, being fed for the market; the race-horse wastes more than the dray horse and the deer more than the bear. Young animals require more food than older ones, and animals are developed as to size and form in some degree from the food they consume. The evolution of heat is not confined to animals ; plants share with them to some extent the same power. The temperature of animals is higher in the Arctic regions than in the temperate or torrid zones. Only one kind of food is perfect in its character and that is milk. It contains a large amount of water which is requisite for holding the elements in solution. Fat is an essential requisite, in the animal economy. It tends to round up the form and improve its appearance. It produces heat so essential in the animal economy, Common salt is an important factor, in the production of milk, so also is phosphate of soda, the latter producing chloric acid, a very important element in the gastric juice of the animal. Salt in limited quantities should be regularly fed. The organs of digestion in the animal are the teeth and the stomach. The oesophagus is a canal to conduct the food into the ditfer ent stomachs. Horses and pigs have simple stomachs, while those of the sheep and cattle are compound in their nature. Gastric acid is found only in the fourth stomach of the ruminant; this latter constitutes the rennet in the calf. The action of the gastric juice is strictly chemical. Chyle formed from the food by the action of the gastric juice is taken up by the lacteals. The colon of the horse is larger in proportion than that of any other animal. Heavy draughts of water should never be given to the horse after a full feed, because the water forces itself through the intestines and colon, frequently producing scours. Milk stock should be fed all they will eat twice a day, while the horse * should be fed three times per day. Horses are frequently dyspeptic. Pigs should be fed three or four times a day, and in the care of young 'pigs five times. Cows should be watered immediately after feeding. Grain should be fed, if at all, after the ration of hay. . Where more than two quarts of grain are fed at a time it should be mixed with the hay before being placed before the cow, yet all grain so fed does not assist in forming a cud, but passes at once into the first stomach. Farmers can easily ruin the digestive organs of their domestic animals through improper feeding. Such animals are the creatures of habit, and the best results are secured only through regularity in feeding. The wealth of the New England farmer must consist in his live stock, which demands the same care and vigilance as other varieties of stock, whether of bank, railroad, mine or factory. Tribune and Farmer. In setting hens, it is very important... In setting hens, it is very important to pro vide dry earth, or some good substitute, in the bottom of the box or barrel. Quantities of chickens are counted on that never hatch, every spring, for want of a little common sense in this very thing. A simple nest of hay or shavings on the bare floor will not answer. The hen who steals her nest knows how to do it, and hatch ten out of every dozen eggs. Provide something to hold the heat under the eggs while the hen leaves the nest to feed, and make it easy for the hen to supply her want without absenting herself too long from the nest. There are thousands of acres... There are thousands of acres of almost worthless rough, stony, and poor sandy lands in the Eastern and Middle States, which, if properly planted with forest trees, would in It few years become highly .valuable from their growth. Among those most certain at present to give the largest profit are the red' cedar, yellow locust, sugar maple, hickory and black walnut. The timber of this last is now the most valuable of all grown in Amer-: ica, as single large trees are, worth from $20 to over, $100 each, according to their size and facility of getting them to market. The maple is not only valuable for timber, but still more so for the, production of sugar. The black walnut and hickory yield excellent nuts as' well as timber, and on one sort of the latter we know they are grown with. shells as tender as the almond, and their meat is of the richest quality. These nuts sell at a high price. THE SWALLOWS. JAMES S. PRESCOTT. Called the community swallows: because they build their nests in communities, joined together, made of clay and mud. I counted eighty of these nests under the eaves of our barn sixty feet long on one side. These swallows are pretty birds, not so much on account of their plumage as in their dornestio habits. They are about the size of the English sparrow-imported-brown on their backs and their breasts white. They make their appearar ce annually about the first of May, and leave us about the 20th or last of August, and seem more numerous than when they came. What a paradise this world mi~ht be if the human race would keep the law of nature in the reproduction of their offspring as well as these swallows; and is it so, that the human race are the only cxception who do not keep the law of reproduction? North. Union, Ohio.