Books and Papers. The Classic Literary Mystery The mystery of the authorship of -the famous , 'Letters of Juuius' is still uusfllved.The author surrounded himself with so impenetrable..: veil of secrecy that all the efforts of enquirers, political and literary, failed in dispelling the orlginal darkness. Attributed to Burke' Wilkes, Horn Tookc, Lord Littleton, Lord Shelburne, Sir. Philip Francie, and others, they have never been proved to be the, product of either. Their remarkable compression, point and brilliancy of language, their unrivaled sarcasm, boldness and tremendous invective, not only drew, at the time, such public attention as never before was given to letters of political controversy, but have won them a place at the head of the acknowledged classics in literature. If indeed one's home . library can be considered respectably complete without .thern, they certaiuly greatly enrich any in which they find place. In the exceedingly beautiful and wonderfully cheap (cloth, 45 cents, half-Russia, red edges, 60 cents) ELZEVIH edition, in which they arc just issued by The Useful Knowledge Publishing Company, New York, they will be a temptation to which' thousands of bookbuyers will gladly yield. PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL AND SCIENCE OF HEALTH . January. ,The first nnmber for the New Year comes filled with good things. The Commissioner of Agriculture, Geo.B. Loring, is the subject of the leading article; Rcad it. W m. Penn and the city he founded, g-ives a very interesting account of what once was the I'City of Brotherly Love.' The subject is fully illustrated; A day in a Portrait Gallery, has many illustrations, and introduces the read erto the favorites of the court of Charles II. king 'of England ; An extended notice of Spurzheim, having reference to the somt.centennlnl, as commem orutive of the lifc of th.-t celebrated man. Several other articles equally as interesting as the above arc to be found in' this number. Yule Time ill Sweden; Algte or Plants of the Deep; Cultivation of Beauty ; Fourth International Congress of Hygiene; A Remarkable Surgical Operation, ete., etc. Fowler Wells, Publishers, 753 Broadway,N.Y. THE HERALD OF HEALTH January; Contents:.A Model and Healthful Tenement House; Herbert Spencer's Views on overworked Americans ; Marringe in Germany and America; A, Pessimist.; Muscular training; Health of the Brain, Kerosene Lamps; Influence of Food 011 Civilization; Health of American Women ; About bad Colds'; Deep Breathing, etc., etc. M.L. HOLBROOK, M. D. Publish', 13 Iii Laight St., N.)'. $1. pel' year.