Deaths. Ann Eliza Colburn Ann Eliza Colburn, Dec. 20. at Second Family, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Age 62 yrs. 1 mo. and 22 days. The torch of hope with flickering light Burnslow,-which once was bright and clear, The truest mourners earth hath known Repine for thee, our sister dear. Our hope, our stay, our joy, our pride, So rudely taken from our sight We almost doubt the trials worth, And question-Is the suffering right? o Father, throned in power on high, In pleading thought on suppliant knee We ask for strength to bear the shock, And turn not from our trust in Thee; But patient in the strife for right Endure life's trials as they come, 'Till wrapt in death's calm drapery, we Shall enter our Eternal Home. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Angelic Vedder Angelic Vedder, Dec. 21. at Church Family, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Age 86 yrs, 6 mo. and 13 days. Ah! 'tis the ripened sheaf, death garners now, A mind replete with gains of heavenly worth. Earth's law can measure not the growth of soulj. Its fetters oft may check the action here Of noble feelings, which inspire the heart; But from its clamps set free, the spirit's COUrse By true desire is marked in yonder sphere; Where pain and sickness ne'er our efforts blight. O! 'tis with joy the angels sing this morn And our dear .sister joins' the-strain divine, While swiftly gliding through the realms of space, Possessed of wealth w hlch gains admittence there, Assembled hosts proclaim the Welcome strain : ,V ell done, thou SCHaut true, entcr the joy Prepared for thee. The price is fully paid Which gives thee passport to Eternal.Life That life which finite power can measure not Else would it lose its hold on gems, which fade Like floating clouds before the morning light. Thy soul shall meet response in growing power, To all, thy eager mind would blaim of God. For all that hearts appropriate for use, In our celestial home, is free for all. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Olive Wheeler Olive Wheeler, Dec. 24, at South Family Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Age 80 yrs, 2 mo. and 2 days. For many years a faithfnl and toiling laborer, in the 'cause of truth. Ann F. Buzby Ann F. Buzby, Dec. 26, at Second Family, IMt. Lebanon, N. Y. Age 66 yrs. and T mo.