Shirley Village, Middlesex Co. Massachusetts The Illustration of 'Our Home at Shirley' given in this No. is a street view of the Church family of the Shirley Shakers. The Community at this place is pleasantly located in the southerly part of the Town, one mile from the Station, on the Fitchburg R. R. The street running north and south, is lined with beautiful shade trees on either side, and a short distance from the center both north and south, are excellent watering places, supplied the year round with the best of water ; which, during the warm season, are greatly appreciated by both man and beast. Here lies about one thousand acres of land owned by this community. The soil is good and easily tilled, and with judicious management a good living can be secured by farming. Here devoted workers, both men and women have toiled incessantly for a century of years, to upbuild and sustain one of the Shaker communities, now known throughout the nation. The testimony and sketches of the life and character of Elijah Wilds have been published and need not now be repeated. He occupied and owned a homestead in this place, previous to the time that the Shakers started a community, and his hospitality was shared by Mother Ann Lee and others of the founders of Shakerism in* this country. His ancient dwelling with two stately Elms in front have stood the winds and tempests of more than a century. Nathan Willard, Oliver Burt, Amos Buttrick, and Ivery Wilds, were prominent men, with corresponding able and devoted women forming the brother and sisterhood, were among tlie early settlers in this place. By faithfulness, industry, and economy these early and devoted veterans were enabled to enlarge, beautify and secure 'Our Home at Shirley.' While toiling to accumulate a substance of the needful things of this life, they were not unmindful of the spiritual welfare, both of themselves and of the generations to come after them. Uppermost in their pursuits was a practical illustration of the principles of purity, honesty and righteousness. The Christ life and salvation from sin, being their motto. These principles, have been handed down and kept intact, while some errors, and some superstitions and prejudicial customs are giving way, and the watch-word now is, Progression, holding fast to the truth, and to fundamental principles. The present number of able and devoted workers, is small, and they are watching, working, waiting. Shirley, Mass.