INVITATION. OLIVER C. HAMPTON. 'Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me for I am meek and lowly and ye shall find rest to your souls.'—Matt. xi: 28. We are fully aware that sorrow and unrest are the bitter portion of very many of Earth's denizens at the present time. Mercy, forgiveness—above all, charity, seem to have taken their flight from earth, and cruelty and oppression, treachery and betrayal of friends have taken their place. Now we say most fervently and sincerely, to all who are weary of these conditions, that we have something better to offer themr even an asylum of peace and contentment where the elements of enjoyment, both now and hereafter may be practically laid hold of and appropriated by all who are ready to exchange a selfish life in the world, for an unselfish life 'Hid with Christ in God ;' and capable of increasing felicity Ad Eternum. We know whereof we affirm, by practical experience, and we know we live the life which Jesus the Christ lived and taught, because we constantly experience the fruitions and beatitudes which he declared to be the inevitable results of such a life. Would you not be glad to be ushered into a society of practical Christians ignoring all private, selfish habits and indulgences, and living for the good of each other? Whose Comfort and blessing were augmented exactly in proportion to their interest and zeal in promoting the comfort and blessing of others ? It cannot be otherwise than you should enjoy such a life and be. happy in a community leading it, provided you are 'weary and heavy laden' with the sins and shams of this present evil and adulterous world, and ready to take a glorious step higher. How many have trespassed against the faithful and sincere admonitions of conscience and wept bitter tears of repentance over their short-comings, resolving to amend their lives, and wishing they might be able to live free from future temptations and be once for all emancipated from the slavery of sin ; even as the Judean Leader said to Isra26 THE el's Host on one occasion, 'The Egyptians ye have this day seen, ye shall see them no more forever.' And yet for want of the power and heavenly magnetism of an organized sinless Christian Church from which to gather daily food and the strength of heavenly manna, have fallen again into sin and despair, almost wishing they had never been born, rather than to be the sport and mockery of such painful, unendurable relapses. Now we testify to you sincerely, joyfully ; we are living in just such a Christian Church as is able to afford you immunity from actual sin, and open to you the gates of a sinless Paradise which no man shall be able to shut, so long as you adhere to its holy ordinances and are willing to be guided by its love and disciplined into the saving efficacy of its wisdom. Once legitimately joined in spirit to .this Christian Church of Believers, by a sincere confession and repentance of every recollected sin and derilection from right, you need go no more out forever or be left to stumble and fall among the gloomy crypts of sin and despair. Your pathway will continue to shine umore and more unto the perfect day' and your progress be upward and onward into more and more peace and felicity forever. We are well persuaded that could mankind see these things as they really are, great numbers would choose this life and its purity, unselfishness, and felicity—and so we continually and lovingly hold out the hand oi invitation, to all who feel ready for something better than the pleasures of a rudimental plane of existence, and a fugitive, perishing world ; in the same spirit and words of Jesus which begins this article. Union Village, Ohio.