Zeruah Clark. I was born on the 15th. of June, 1755, in the town of Norwich, Ct. My father, Peabody Mosely, was, an Elder in the Baptist church. He was very particular in teaching his family the principles of morality and reo ligion, according to his understanding: and at times, he appeared to be in great exercise of mind for the.spiritual welfare of his children. He would often weep over his children with great tenderness of feeling, while he endeavored to impress their minds with a sense of his religious instructions. Being young, these impressions were not very durable while I was surrounded by the snares and allurements of the world, and the natural growth of youthful vanity' gained the ascendancy over my mind . At a subsequent date, however, I began to be exercised about religion, which increased upon me, so that I was unable to conceal it and finally aj;qtlainted my father and others of the fact. ,{;hey thought that I had been converted, and that it was expedient for me to be baptized: baptism soon followed and I joined the church. At the age of twenty I was married to Rufus Clark, a member of the same church. With a family of three children, and a kind husband, under prosperous circumstances, I found I was in a situation to take comfort in the world. But all this did not make me happy. I had not yet obtained salvation from sin and I found my' consciencc bearing witness against me. I was assured that the nature of sin was growing stronger and stronger in. me, and I cried out, alas! what shall I do? where shall I go; or where shall I look for relief? I could not see any who, I thought, lived in accordance with the doctrine of Christ and the -apostles as laid down in the New Testament. I prayed before God in the best manner I was able, that he would open some way for my salvation. In the month of May 1780, we heard of a very remarkable people who lived a few miles above Albany, and who had a new kind of religion. Prom this account, which greatly affected me, I felt a desire to visit them. Inthis state of mind, Rufus and myself left home to make them a visit, and took with us, our infant chilli. For the first time, I now found a people professing the religion of Jesus Christ, who did not find it necessary to use 'un tempered mortar,' and to cry peace and safety where there is none. Here I also heard that soul quickening word of God which I had never heard .bcforo, and felt the force of that divine light and searching ~.ower which I had never, till this time, experienced I felt myself us in the presence of God, and my whole life was open before me, as a book. Mother Ann conversed with us freely upon the subject of a religious life, and told us that we could not love and serve God while in our sins, but that we should honestly confess our sins to God. Elder William Lee spoke to me npon the same subject, 'Remember,' said he, 'if you confess,your sins, yon confess them before Godund the holy angels, and we are his witnesses .. ' Rufus accepted tilt' confession first. I then confessed the wrongs of my life, one by one, as in the presence of God and before his witnesses. 'Mother then said, 'N ow you may return to your home, and serve God; you could not serve God while Iivirg in sin.' Mother and the Elders imparted to us much good counsel concerning our future conduct, and the relation which we should sustain toward each other. Husbands should love their wives, even as Christ loved the church, and gave himself for it, that he might sanctify and cleanse it; and then referring to me. Mother said, 'you must be subject and obedient to your husband and bring up your children in the admonition of the Lord.' 'If you are obedient,' said she, 'to what we have taught you, the promise of God is to you and your children; yea, if you continue in obedience, sin will a:'pei\r hateful to you, and you will have no more feeling to return to the works of darkness than the infant in your arms.' At a subsequent date we visited Mother and the Elders while they were i~ Harvard. Mother invited us into the room where she was engaged in spiritual labors with several persons who had been the followers of S'f\adrach Ireland; and though they had embraced the present testimony of the gospel, they still retained their faith in some of Ireland's WIio peculiar principles. One of these was, that, the bodies of the faithful would never die. Mother seemed to feel a great anxiety for them, and endeavored to show to them darkness they were under, and the inconsistency of such a principle. 'Already, you are aged people,' said she, 'and yet you think you shall never die! One after another is passing away, from among you: yet you charge it to a secret cuuse---to something which they may have done. You say, if they had been faithful, it would not have occurred. Look at yourselves; you carry abou't you all the marks of mortality that are on other people. Your' hair is becoming white and falling from your heads: your sight is failing; your teeth are decaying, and your bodies are growing decrepit. . How very inconsistent it is for you to think that you shall never die! These mortal bodies must all return to the earth and turn to dust.' , Mother's instruction to ns was, that we should take' up a full cross against all manner of sin, all forms of deceit and falsehood, and against every evil that proceeds from a selfish lind sinful nature. She taught us the necessity of crucifying the flesh with all its affections and lusts, and to right all our' wrongs, by making restitution to those whom we had, in the least degree, injured. She taught us to be neat, cleanly, prudent and industrious. While on one of these visits with Mother, I asked her counsel about some articles of fashionable clothing which I had purchased. Without making any direct reply to my question, she said, 'You should not dress yourselves -in rich and costly apparel; but use that which is modest, lind which becomes the holy women of God.' Mother taught us to love God and serve Him faithfully, and to live honestly, righteously and godly in this world. I am fully persuaded that she was endowed with the spirit. of wisdom from God; for she taught as never woman taught before. (To be continued.)