CONSISTENCY. It has been said, that 'consistency is a jewel;' which is no doubt owing to the fact, that inconsistency is the rule. To prove this, it is not necessary for any of us .to go far, as each one in taking a retrospect of his, or her life, will perceive in most cases that the inconsistencies predominate. We are composed of the same materials as are people in general, and whatever advantages our system may possess over other systems, consistency is no more a marked characteristic of us, either individually or collectively, than it is of others. The aim of 'our life is to become pure and refined; to cultivate the better elements of our being, while we seek to retain and extinguish what we consider our inferior propensities. It must bc potent to any person of intelligence, that perfect purity of life is impossible apart from courteous manners, and a refined cultured intellect, Noone would think of associating absolute purity of thought, word, and ,deed, with a rough, boorish, illiterate person. It being admitted therefore, that gentle manners and a cultured intellect are essential stepping' stones to perfect purity of life, is it not highly inconsistent to oppose anything conducive to that end? Much has been said pro and con 'conce~ning the influence which music' pictures, and flowers have upou themind, Some even suppose that their tendency is to draw our minds from spiritual duties. ' 'Yhat are our spirituul duties? If our surroundings are uncongenial, we shall be more or less unhappy; aud to alleviate this unhappiness, and render life pleasant is, indeed, a spiritual duty. The most conservative person would view a beautiful landscape with pleasure, and consider the effects everyway beneficial: and a copy of that same landscape, whether on canvass or paper, affords a corresponding pleasure. A beautiful rose may be admired while on the bush: and it is uo less beautiful when taken into our dwellings, nor its fragrance less acceptable. Many quote from the Bible 'Tho~ shalt not make unto thee any grave~ image.' But the Bible contains many commands highly inapplicable to our day and civilization: and anyone who should be reckless enough to attempt to p.tt them in practice, would soon discover his mistake: and among the first to rebuke him, would be those who always qnote it so glibly, whenever they have a hobby that needs propping up. The questions of today must necessarily be settled upon their merits, and in accordance with the intelligence and reason of today; and not by the opinions and prejudices of past generations. Our right to usc our reason is as clear as that of our ancestors: and we are not bound to believe what experience has proved to bl' an-error because they did. 'A thing of beauty is a joy forever.' Never was truth more fitly spoken. The Apostle says ; 'By the things which are seen, we know of the things which are not seen.' If we were blind, we should know very little either of the 'things .whieh are seen, or the things which are not seen;' and a thing of beauty could be no joy to us. But as we arc not blind, and as we are promised all things beautiful in another world, and as the same God is supposed to rule all worlds, why should we be denied the limited enjoyment of that here, of which we are to enjoy such a superabundance hereafter? As we reserve our best clothing for the Sabbath, why should we not have our bestrbooka, papers, pictures, or whatever may conduce to make us more like the sons and daughters of God, where we can enjoy them .on the Sabbath? May not our fine clothing detract as much from our spiritnality as 'ourbooks&gt;iahd pictures? Let us be consistent. If we are to stop at the verge' of bare necessity, then is every pleasurable emotion aside -frorn those felt in the exercise of religious duties'wrong; and every thing not counted among the absolute necessaries of life ought to be withheld. A philosopher once said.. 'L\lt me make the songs of a nation, and I care not who makes its laws.' Thus showing the importance of art in civilization. We can scarcely do with less than has been found necessary to civilize and elevate, mankind either in the past, or present, . If the basic principles of our system are correct, we ought to be the happiest people in the world; and consistency would demand that we reject nothing not in conflict with those principles, that would tend to increase our happiness or better our condition. We fully agree with Br. Thomas Smith when he says that 'In logic as in Christ, we all are one.' We would also call attention to this fact, that the final verdict of leading authorities Upon all matters pertaining to our well being, as a people, can be our only criterion. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.