IN REMEMBRANCE OF OUR FIRST PARENTS. RACHEL SAMPSOM. While a youth I had the privilege of living with those who have been termed our 'First spiritual parents.' I was not able at that time to appreciate the blessing which I was so freely enjoying, but as I advance in years, and bear their lives and deeds in cherished remembrance, I realize more fully the care and kindness which were proffered to roe at that early age. Many times have I heard them relate the incidents of their deprivations and hardships, which they experienced as the society was being gathered into order. It was to them the cross of Christ, the self-denial of the increasing gospel work as revealed by Mother Ann, and it was indeed, the New Creation of God. New Lebanon at that early date, was but very sparcely inhabited. Many of the settlers were quite poor and lived in houses made only of logs, and from this an idea may be obtained of their general surroundings. There were many families however, who accepted the faith, and joined the society in New Lebanon that were abundantly blessed. On entering the order and becoming members of a joint interest, all shared equally in every temporal blessing. For several years the Believers were obliged to work very hard, having land to clear, houses to build, food to raise, cloth to make and to obtain by their own skill and industry nearly everything that was demanded for their aintenance. It is surprising to learn how nuch they were able to endure. After toiling all day in their several occupations for a temporal sustenance, they, it the close of these duties spent several hours in religious exercise, which on some occasions would carry them far into the night at the expense of their hours of sleep; and t'et they lived to enjoy their homes and to see a prosperous Community established upon the place where they had consecrated their lives to God. Our first parents, were in the strict sense of the word, self-sacrificing. They were of that order that could freely lay down their selfish lives for the increase and prosperity of the Avork of God. All who were accepted into the society shared bountifully and freely of the blessings which these faithful pioneers had earned. Their care and attention over all whom they accepted was constant, affectionate, and so much in advance of the selfish relations of this world, that they were in truth, parents in the Lord. Day and night they watched and prayed that the protection of our Heavenly Father might bo upon the whole household of faith. As it was toward themselves, they anxiously sought that it might be to others; the way of life and salvation. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.