A GOODLY EXAMPLE. LUCY S. BOWERS. In all our intercourse and association, one with another, how necessary it is that we manifest justice,' and a goodly example; that we forget not the law of righteousness, nor the blessedness of self-control; especially is this incumbent upon us when brought in contact with others. None of us can become so isolated from or independent of each other that our influence will not reach and affect those with whom we are associated; neither can we avoid through this means being more or less operated upon; and according to the teachings, surroundings, and the quality of the food ministered to the mind, the formation of character will largely depend; and this we shall be apt to indicate 34 THE Mi through our manners, words and general deportment. In the young, the animal powers are the strongest; a desire to please the senses and and any thing tending in that direction ¦will give that part of their being increased strength, which without a balance of the superior, would create a deformity ; the better must be encouraged, trained rightly, and it will finally crown the human intelligence with eternal beauty. Children are not taught from text-books alone; neither by what is often reiterated to them; but very much from the example of others, the motions, manners, and manifestations of the spirit as they are exhibited, the tenderness of love, and gentleness of instruction ; the mercy of forgiveness, and beauty of courtesy, have much effect upon all toward whom they are exercised; and it is better that we fail not to have these constantly controlling our spirits; for in due time we shall 'reap just whatwe have sown.'' As the earlier impressions of life are usually the most vivid in memory, and bear the most potent influence on the mind, we can scarcely be too careful lest in unguarded moments we manifest that to minors which may be the ground work of future thoughts, motives, and actions which it will be difficult for them to overcome. 'Love begets love; it is the fulfilling of the law,' and proves a gift of good to the giver, and the receiver. There is a responsibility resting upon every one, a sacred duty necessarily done to all of less years or experience than themselves, if they would have them become patterns of true uprightness. Purity of heart is manifested in unfeigned love; and purity of life has no better index than is shown in Christian courtesy, which is always exemplified in honesty, submission persuasion, gentleness, love, forbearance and kindly condescension ; these never bniise the heart, grieve the spirit, blight the beautiful, dwarf the good, nor in any way injure the tender feelings of the soul. Thus the sacred and religious sentiments that will ever increase in loveliness, proves to both giver and partaker a blessing of inestimable worth. This is the work of resurrection; of lifting from the Ioav to the high; of turning the current of life from the false to the true; the ennobling things of a better condition; and an example which has power over precept; a spirit that inspires confidence and affection, and will bring a glorious recompense to all who fulfill this duty, to each succeeding generation. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.