Rapid eating It is a mistake, says the Lancet, to eat quickly. Mastication performed in haste must be imperfect, even wit the best of teeth, adn due admixture of the salivary secretion with the food cannot take place. When a crude mass of inadiquately crushed muscular fibre, or undivided solid material of any description, is thrown into the stomach, it acts as a mechanical irritant, and sets up a condition in the mucous membrane lining that organ which greatly impedes, if it does not altogether prevent, the process of digestion. When the practice of eating quickly and filling the stomach with unprepared food is habitual, the digestive organ is rendered incapable of performing its proper functions. Either a much larger quantity of food than would be necessary under natural conditions is required, or the system suffers from lack is required, or the system suffers from lack of nourishment. Those animals which were intended to feed hurriedly were either gifted with the power of rumination, or provided with gizzards. Man is not so furnished, and it is fair to assume that he was intended to eat slowly. We must apologize for reminding our readers of facts so familiar; but we do this in the hope that any who may chance to have influence with the managers of large hotels, where dinners a la table d'hote are in vogue, will take measures to bring about a much-needed reform in the manner in which these entertainments are conducted. At the best and most frequented establishments in places of fashionable resort, where at this season multitudes of health-seekers are wont to congregate, the hurried dinners are not only causes of annoyance, but actually go far to prevent the benefit which should be derived from a change. No sooner is one course served than another is introduced, without giving the guest time to digest, or even swallow the first. The eagerness to secure good dividends takes a particularly mischievous form when it piles food on the plate of a customer, and compels him to consume it breathlessly. The matter may seem a small one, but it is not so. Just as a man may go on for years with defective teeth imperfectly masticating his food, and wondering why he suffers from indigestion, so a man may habitually live under an infliction of hurried dinners, and endure the consequent loss of health, without knowing why he is not well, or how easily the cause of his illness might be remedied.