Letter Box My Dear Young Friends;—The subject of... Shaker Village,N. H. My Dear Young Friends;—The subject of Prayer has so fully occupied my mind today that I undertake to pen my thoughts, mentally addressing my youthful companions that you may meditate with me upon this beautiful theme. How many pure and sacred desires are suggested by the word Prayer as it breathes forth an inspiration which it seems might not only be realized by professing Christians, those best acquainted with the gift, but the poor wayward child who has wandered from virtue, and perhaps never prayed, could feel ts sweet forgiving influence, and through numble prayer return to the Parent's fold of love and charity. Prayer is a sincere desire unuttered or ex/ pressed; a means through which the soul seeks the blessing and protection of God and attending Angels, as we meet with the troubles and perplexities consequent to life, or when our path lies amid thorns instead of flowers; when our portion is a severe trial and disappointment, or our lives in peril ; how natural it is then to flee to prayer as a refuge ; and who at such seasons has not almost heard in answer a gentle 'Peace be still,' calming the troubled spirit? Prayer was the Savior's watch-word, and I have sometimes thought that this beautiful ?ift must have been breathed upon us by his spirit. Among the many teachings to his bllowers we read these beautiful lessons, 'Watch and pray, lest ye enter into temptaion.' 'Pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you.' And even in the bitter hour of his betrayal, surrounded by enemies, his prayer was, 'Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do.' Although uttered eighteen hundred years ago are they less needed now than they were then? From mjr earliest recollection I have been taught to pray. Many young persons tell the sad experience of an irreligious home, not so mine: for my childhood days are hallowed by praying Parents. The obedience rendered to that teaching has ripened into a knowledge of the worth of prayer. It is a shield against temptation, and as the call to forsake the natural ties and order of life, and enter the new angelic way, requires greater selfdenial,—deeper, purer prayers should be offered, lest in an unguarded moment the blessing be lost through neglect of this gift. In the happy New Year that is before us, may we all realize a growth of fervent, sincere prayer; and may the recording Angel of our lives, bear many to the throne of all good, in which we have been able to say, 'Not my will, but thine, O Lord, be done.' Your Sister, Mabel Liscomb.