FAITHFULNESS IN DUTY. JANE CROOKER. Our success or failure in life depends upon our fidelity to the trust reposed in us. No matter how important, or how trivial, whether agreeable or unpleasant; we cannot neglect our life-duties, or carelessly ignore them, without paying the penalty, and forfeiting our right to the respect and confidence of those whose good opinion and love is- more precious than any selfish consideration. No amount of regret or repentance, can atone for repeated omissions of known duty. It may be our privilege, and the greatest amendment we can make, to confess and re pent of willful or careless neglect: but in justice it leaves its impress upon our character, even if our friends in their kindness try to cover our failure with the mantle of charity. The stern fact is before us ; turn where we may, we see the words, traitor and selfishness attached with double meaning to our works. And we cannot efface these odious words, unless we make earnest and persistent efforts to fulfill all engagements and bind ourselves to duty by self-denial and a firm de- G2 THE MANIFESTO. termination to conquer the habits of indolence and procrastination. To Avork with the hands is not sufficient. The mind should be employed on useful and ennobling- themes ; for there are many kinds of labor that cost but little brain effort; the faculties of the mind become depraved, and lose their healthy vigorous tone, if not used and improved. Then— 'Work and think, the world's great motto E'en your anvils ring it forth; Mine, and mint, and granite quarry, Wake the echo round the earth.' Self culture^ then, is duty, an important and imperative one, if we would fit ourselves to associate with the intelligent pure Christian workers. Our manners, as well as thoughts, should be cultivated, and no one is justified to remain an unpleasant companion to friends, superiors or inferiors, because of disagreeable manners and habits. If we know what seems unpleasant and unlovely to us in others, let us be careful that we do not practice the same errors in speech or action. But our greatest and highest trust lies in fidelity to our religious faith and spiritual growth. 'When life commences, Eternity begins.' How important that we remember and regard the warning that those few words convey. No person can be truly happy who is not religious. Thorn are earthly pleasures and treasures that may for a time satisfy. But to a soul who has once been convicted for sin and has heard the call, 'Come ye out from among them, touch not, taste not, handle not the unclean thing,' there is no justification in aught but sacrifising the worldly, selfish propensities and coming fully to the truth. Let us perform our Christian duties with cheerfulness, no matter what the internal conflict. 'For he that ruleth his spirit is greater than he that taketh a city.' Canterbury, N. H.