ACETICISM. NO. 2 MARTHA J. ANDERSON. Saint Basil, speaks glowingly of the supreme satisfaction derived from the pious exercises of a religious life, where labor occupies the hands, the proceeds of which are used for charitable purposes ; where holy and divine thoughts inspire the mind, and pure Christian love absorbs the interests and affections of the heart. He pronounced him a slave to carnal nature, who loved a brother in blood, more than a brother in the religious community.' He says : 'Can you imagine felicity more desirable, than that of imitating on earth the life the angels lead in heaven?' Saint Anthony, the Father of Christian Monasticism, not only established houses for meu, whose inclinations and convictions led them to embrace the Christlife ; but, under his direction at a later period, institutions were founded for females who took upon themselves the sacred vow of virginity. Chrysostom speaks thus of them, '¦Transport yourself in imagination into Egypt; there you will see a new paradise, more beautiful than the richest gardens ; innumerable troops of angels in human forms ; an entire nation of martyrs and virgins. Thei'e the weaker sex rival the most fervent solitaries in their virtues. It is a jife worthy of heaven and not inferior to that of angels.' Communism, truly Christian, is socialistic ; the fullness of that love which Jesus exhibited in his life and character ; revealed his perfect manhood. He loved Martha and Mary no less than Lazarus and the beloved John ; and no doubt had a glorious ideal of a heavenly brother-hood and sister-hood. But the order of male and female, could not have been consummated under the then existing forms of government, civil and spiritual in the eastern world ; they were exclusively masculine in spirit and sentiment, expi'essing th e attributes and qualities of man, to the entire exclusion of the feminine elements of love, mercy and refinement. The doctrine of the Trinity, was the out-growth of man's one-sided conception of Deity, revealed to his understanding as purely masculine in form arid spirit. It was only when a Heavenly 53 THE MANIFESTO. Mother was revealed, in the full beauty and perfection of love, tenderness and benign goodness, through the instrumentality of one of Her inspired daughters, that an angelic state of human society was organized, molded by divine laws, and based on the exalted principles so clearly enunciated by the^lowly Nazarene. The spiritual communistic order, remained to be established in a land where woman was ennobled; where rights of conscience were acknowledged and the inspiration of continual revelation could have free course. This, the highest and most perfect type of human association, requires a greater degree of self-denial, than is needed to sustain celibacy where the sexes are arbitrarily separated. Not that self-abnegation that injures or destroys the body, in order to stifle and subdue inordinate passion ; but, voluutary sacrifice of all that belongs to the lower loves and desires. A self-denial which proves death to the carnal life and quickens the spiritual nature and which elevates souls to a relationship superior to the tics of consanguinify. As we progress in truth, we may glance toward the historic past, and mark the characters that have made their impress for good on humanity ; no less the philosopher, the sage and scientist, than the religious devotee. Wisdom has revealed her choicest treasures through the intellective genius of many minds, who have labored with zeal and devotion in their various spheres xxxr the elevation and improvement of the race. But, 'the one thing needful,' the power of redemptive principles, has come to human hearts through the world'1: great Saviors; those spiritual lights, that have arisen like stars from the darkness of ignorance and error, and shed a glowing radiance over a sin benighted earth. These grand luminaries, revolving in the great orbit of time; poised in the herculanean strength of self-con~ trol, have expressed the highest ideal of human happiness. Thus out of the depths of mental philosophy, and innumerable forms of religious belief, we gather wisdom, knowledge and truth ; safely garnering the precious sheaves.of wheat, harvests from the world's history ; adding good to good: rejoicing in the ever recurring cycles that bring to humanity, broader and clearer views of eternal fighteofis-&gt; ness and truth. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.