Letter Box Dear Manifesto ;—I am pleased to hear from... Shaker Station, Jan. 8, 1883. Dear Manifesto ;—I am pleased to hear from so many of my Young Sisters through your columns, and thought I would try to write. I am fourteen years of age, and have lived with Believers four years; I love all my dear gospel relation, and I often wish that many more children that are without true friends to guide them in the path of purity, might he ealled into the same fold, and have the same care and instruction that I have. It makes me feel very sad when I ride away a few miles to a city, or a village, and see the children dirty and ragged, and using un. becoming language, to each other. I think I ought to be very thankful for my beautiful home, and Fathers and Mothers who take such an interest in my welfare. Cora. Dear Sister E ;—As I am going to... Mt. Lebanon, Dec. 31. 1882 Dear Sister E ;—As I am going to meeting this afternoon, I am thinking of what I have so often been told;—to remember all we could of the speaking of the good brothers and sisters. It would teach us to be good, and help us to behave properly in public, by giving our attention to something useful instead of the dress, looks, and actions, of our companions. I was thinking and talking to the girls, yesterday of the beautiful holiday we had the past autumn and our ramble on the mountain gathering Ferns, Evergreens, &amp;c. also our visit to the Cranberry patch. I never knew before that they grew on little creeping vines close to the ground, andO, so thickly matted together. They say Br. James has worked seven long years to get the vines in such beautiful order, and they gathered over one hundred and sixty bushels this year from the little piece he has cared for. Not much more than one acre somebody told one of the girls. I think him very good and kind, but he seems very feeble. I have much to make me good and happy in my home and will strive to be a dutiful child to those who do so much for me. Your affectionate, Fannie,—Age, 12.