ZERUAH CLARK. NO. 2. Jesus Christ said, 'If ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins.' Jno. viii, 24. The wicked not only refused to beJieve him, but rejected him, and spoke evil of him. They called him 'A gluttonous man, and a wine-bibber, a friend of publicans and sinners;' and through malice, and by the influence of false witnesses, they put him to an ignominous death. 'If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how much more them of his household?' Matt, x, 25. What charges of wickedness,—what names and titles of disgrace have they not palmed upon Mother Ann! Through ignorance of the real cause, some may think strange that so many evil reports should be circulated concerning her, if she was a truly pious woman. But I consider these evil reports the best evidence to those who never saw her, that she did belong to the house-hold of Christ. Had she been of the world, and lived as her accusers stated, the wicked never would have trembled her. nor themselves on her account—thej never would have slandered her, nor pabliohed a single line against ber. But she was not of the world; for God had chosen her out of the world, and because she bore testimony against their evil works, they hated her while living, they calumniated her after her decease, and they hate her testimony and despise her followers to the present day. According to the testimony of Je?us Christ; 'I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you.' I know that Mother Ann was a woman chosen of God, and endowed with the spirit of Christ, beyond any woman I ever saw. From my first acquaintance with her, I have had reason to esteem her as the first of spiritual women in this day: and any person may as well attempt to blow out the light of the sun as to try to destroy my confidence in Mother Ann, or to overthrow the work of God which through her has been established in this land. I received many powerful evidences of her divine mission while she resided with us, and even since her decease, and I can never entertain a moment's doubt concerning her godly character. She has planted that living gospel faith, and established that work of true Christian righteousness among men, that all the powers of earth can never destroy. Nearly forty six years have passed since I received the testimony of the gospel through the ministration of Mother Ann, and I can say Avith confidence that I have been faithful according to my understanding and abilities. The greatest bondage is the bondage of sin, under which all the wicked are bound; and none more strongly than those who bring false charges against the society of Believers. Before I accepted this gospel of Christ, I was in bondage to a sinful nature, but 1 found deliverance from it by confession and repentance of sin. I now consider myself a free woman in Christ. If there is delusion. I know of none greater than sin and wickedness ; nor do I know of any people more deluded than those who live in sin, and yet flatter themselves that they are regenerated and born of God; forgetting the testimony THE MANIFESTO. of the apostle John, the beloved disciple of Christ.:-'¦'W-hosoevev is born of God, doth not commit sin;—and, 'He that committeth sin is of the devil.' The knowledge of salvation ds,' I consider, superior ;to all other knowledge. This will increase forever, while all earthly knowledge must eventually fail.-,' ¦;,-¦¦ v This testimony I give in favor of that gospel which I received from Mother Ann, and which I know is the gospel of Christ; a gospel by which I have lived and for which I am willing to die. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.