THE SHAKER HOME IN OHIO. From Chicago Weekly News. Topography of the Society Home— JLeng'th of Time tlie Society lias Existed, Origin of Their Appellation— Shaker, a Term of 49pprol»riutn — Xoii-ltegistaiit*itlorte of Worship—Shake figuratively— Are Celibates—I»o Hot 'Exclude Animal IMet. Lotus, Ind., Nov. 10.—Forty years ago I visited Union Village, the home of believers, commonly called Shakers, situated in Warren county, 0., and within four miles of Lebanon. The impression made upon me by that visit never having been erased, I concluded to visit the society again, and, on the 1st of November, did so. Shaker, formerly Union Village, is located thirty miles north of Cincinnati, between the Miamis, six miles southeast from Franklin, on the Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton railroad, four and one-half miles north from Monroe, on the Cincinnati and Dayton Short Line rail way, and four miles west of Lebanon, on the Cincinnati and Northern railroad. The society owns a large tract of highly-improved and profitably cultivated land. They have existed as a Christian organization about a hundred years and assumed the a »pellation of believers in contradistinction to the numerous sects who profess to adopt t'.ie doctrines and teachings of Jesus and show by their practice that they do not believe their;. The term 'Shaker' was applied to them by way of opprobrium, which they neither adopt nor reject; but in that as in 60 THE MANIFESTO. everything else they are non-resistant. The appellation I regard as unjust and untrue anc no more applicable to them as regards their religious exercises than Fallers would be to the sects who were strangely affected in that way in the early part of the present century. Their mode of worship is as orderly; gentle, pure and soul-inspiring as I ever witnessed elsewhere by any sect of Christians. They only shake figuratively, as it were, to remove from their garments the dust of impure, hypocritical and false religion. They are celibates; neither marry nor are given in marriage. They are Christians, not Jews They adhere to the gospel, not the Mosaic dispensation; to the new, which superseded the old or Jewish dispensation, which was generative-—to multiply, to propagate, to procreate ; to the gospel dispensation, which is to follow the teachings and example of Jesus which is to people heaven, not earth. But the generative element claims that abstention from propagation would depopulate the earth. This is no more to be apprehended than that the advocacy of a republican form of government would cause that form of government to supersede all others upon the earth. The Mosaic dispensation, orLevitical laws, are no more binding upon the followers of the gospel dispensation than are the teachings of the 31st chapter of Numbers. But why talk of the binding character of laws after their repeal? Moreover, in no division of animated nature are required for propagation or breeding; but what is of greater moment is to produce improved stock or progeny, of which believers raise and educate a greater number in proportion to their numbers, perhaps, than any other people. It is untrue, as represented by some, that the society excludes from their cuisine animal food. Pork is not in general use with them, but they set an excellent table and are good livers. The only linguistic peculiarity observable among Believers is the use of yea and nay for yes and no, which I regarded as euphonious. In apparel there is nothing which can be regarded as peculiar to them or unique or antiquated. They dress with good taste and elegance. Their buildings of recent date are constructed in accordance with correct principles of architecture. Of the history, character, manners, and mission of Ann Lee, the founder of the society of believers, I know but comparatively little, not having access to her biography or life; but she has been deceased perhaps a hundred years, and I shall, in reference to her, adhere to the adage; 'Dice de moriuis nil nisi bonum.' I do know that she was a pure and persecuted Christian, too pure to be popular with depraved and unregenerated human nature, as was her great prototype, the author of the gospel dispensation. There are those who assert that the society of Believers worship her. They do not. They claim to believe, however, that in her person was the second appearance of Jesus Christ, and that she taught them how to live and die as pure Christians in accordance with the principles and teachings of Jesus and his disciples while sojourning upon the earth, and by their pure life are ever proclaiming— 'Since truth and constancy are rain, Since neither love nor sense of pain, Nor force of reason can persuade, Then let example be obeyed.' If the society of Believers, commonly called Shakers, are not honest, pure, and upright Christians, striving literally to live the life of such, then I think there are none. R. Cogley, M. D.