Letter Box Dear Manifesto ;—I am pleased to hear from... Shaker Station, Jan. 8, 1883. Dear Manifesto ;—I am pleased to hear from so many of my Young Sisters through your columns, and thought I would try to write. I am fourteen years of age, and have lived with Believers four years; I love all my dear gospel relation, and I often wish that many more children that are without true friends to guide them in the path of purity, might he ealled into the same fold, and have the same care and instruction that I have. It makes me feel very sad when I ride away a few miles to a city, or a village, and see the children dirty and ragged, and using un. becoming language, to each other. I think I ought to be very thankful for my beautiful home, and Fathers and Mothers who take such an interest in my welfare. Cora. Dear Sister E ;—As I am going to... Mt. Lebanon, Dec. 31. 1882 Dear Sister E ;—As I am going to meeting this afternoon, I am thinking of what I have so often been told;—to remember all we could of the speaking of the good brothers and sisters. It would teach us to be good, and help us to behave properly in public, by giving our attention to something useful instead of the dress, looks, and actions, of our companions. I was thinking and talking to the girls, yesterday of the beautiful holiday we had the past autumn and our ramble on the mountain gathering Ferns, Evergreens, &amp;c. also our visit to the Cranberry patch. I never knew before that they grew on little creeping vines close to the ground, andO, so thickly matted together. They say Br. James has worked seven long years to get the vines in such beautiful order, and they gathered over one hundred and sixty bushels this year from the little piece he has cared for. Not much more than one acre somebody told one of the girls. I think him very good and kind, but he seems very feeble. I have much to make me good and happy in my home and will strive to be a dutiful child to those who do so much for me. Your affectionate, Fannie,—Age, 12. Dear Sister S:—You always have such a smile on... Mt. Lebanon; Dee. 12, 1882. Dear Sister S:—You always have such a smile on your face I love you xery much, and as we were writing today I asked Sister E. if I might write to you. I do not love winter it is so cold, and I have to stay in the house so much ; and I cannot tell you of anything which seems so really nice as what we enjoyed last summer, when Sister Ann Maria took us into the grove and then to the graveyard. The first I noticed was dear Eldrcss Polly's grave. I gathered some, pretty flowers and put them'on it, and after awhile we went back to the orchard and had some candy and fruit to eat, when our good times were ended out doors. Eldress Polly brought me here to live with believers and I would love to visit her grave every day and put flowers all over it. I hope to be good enough to see her when I die for I did love her so much. I could say many things to you if it was as easy to write as it is to talk, but Good bye. Emeline,—Age, 11.