Sanitary CONSCIENCE AND COMPULSORY VACCINATION. Sir,—For the past twenty years, during which time an organized opposition to compulsory vaccination has been carried on, magistrates in hearing vaccination cases, have generally united the magisterial function with that of advocate of the State enforced ordi nance, and have either refused to listen to any 'reasonable excuse' whatever, or done so with extreme reluctance and impatience, and often have mingled the penalty imposed with a diatribe against the unfortunate recalcitrant and his co-agitators. The wide publicity, however, which has been given through Parliament to the terrihle vaccine disaster amongst the recruits at Algiers, and by the press to the catastrophe disabling 500 vaccinated persons at South Georgia, U.S., and still more recently to the fatalities at Norwich, and other places, coupled with the painful fact admitted by all leading bygiests, that in spite of improved sanitation, the mortality to the infant population from a number of inoculable diseases—seems at last to have touched the magisterial mind. The recent vaccine prosecutions in London, Leicester, Bedford, and Gloucester, indicate on the part of the Bench a somewhat less intolerant attitude towards the persistent and unwavering objections to vaccination, who are prepared to undergo the extreme legal punishment, rather than incur the positive risks attending vaccination. Magistrates are now advising anti-vaccinators to obey the law, and then agitate for its repeal. It must be allowed that to disobey the law is a serious matter, and it is reasonably argued that if one law may be broken, why not all laws, which would reduce civilization to anarchy. There are, however, exceptions to every rule, and I venture to submit that vaccination (which the leading statisticians of Europe, like ,Dr Kolb,of Munich, and Professor A. Vogt, of Berne University, after examining all the statistics in Europe, have pronounced to be devoid of scientific foundation, and affording no protection against disease whatever,) is one of these exceptions. Lord Brougham I think it is who has said, 'There is no tyranny so great as that which is committed in the name of the law,' and one of our greatest publicists referring to the Vaccination Acts, says 'It may .sometimes become the part of a noble heroism to brave the law and accept all risks.' The evils of vaccination can be no longer denied, and it has been pertinently asked, 'Has the State aright to choose for the child whether it shall take the risk of small-pox or syphilis?'' What attention would Parliament; be likely to afford by Mr. P. A. Taylor, if the laws which he so justly arraigns, met with universal acceptance. A general obedience would be triumphantly and successfully urged as proof of the belief in the beneficence of vaccination. History shows that unjust laws, are never repealed until resisted, and the resistance must be very strong indeed to be effectual, where, as in the Vaccination Acts, medical prestige, and powerful vested interests in the shape of an enormous staff of paid officials, blocks the way. It was-only by resistance that theQuakers obtained exemption from taking oaths: the Dissenters from the payment of Church rates, and'the Jews from their Parliamentary disabilities. No legislation would be influenced for a moment by the consciences that obeyed first, and protested afterwards. This vaccination law, which treats 3000 conscientious men and women as criminals every year, and which coerces millions of people into the adoption of an operation repugnant to their judgment and instincts, (and as they honestly think affords no single benefit for all the injury and cruelty inflicted,) are entitled to the same obedience that William Lloyd Garrison, Abby Kelly Foster, Wendell Phillips, Lucretia Mott, Theodore Parker, and other noble men and women in America, gave to the tyrannical Fugitive Slave Law of that country during the regime of the Slavocracy twenty five years ago.—I am, Sir, yours &amp;c, William Tebb. 7, Albert Road, Regent's Park. London.