(See December No. 1882.) LIFE IN THE WOODS, NO. 3. GRANVILLE T. SPROAT. Unless protected by Me-no Man-i-to, the Spirit of life; wicked spirits did not gain the other side of the river. They fell into the deep, roaring waters and were carried by the current again to the shores they had left, again to wander over the prairie, till they had repented of their evil deeds, and then, Iveche Man-i-to, (the Great Spirit,)took pity upon them, and brought them, at last, to the beautiful country in the Land of Souls. This beautiful country was all that the Indian had ever imagined, in his happiest dreams. It was ruled over by Ke-che Mani-to, (the Great Spirit ) and Che-bi-a-bos, his servant, the Wise and the Good. There was no pain there, nor sickness, nor sorrow. Pauguk,—the terrible Death Angel, could not hurt them there. The inhabitants feared not the cold, Ke-wah-din, (the North wind,) did not blow there. They felt the breath of Sliawwon-da-win, (the South wind,) through all the festal year. There was no darkness there, Wah-bun An-nung, (the Morning Star) shone there continually, and chased all darkness away. No venomous beast, or poisonous serpent, (Ken-e-beek,) or ravenous wolf, (Ma-ing,) did not infest its shores. Over all these beautiful plains, white lodges were seen scattered, in which were heard the merry voices of children; and they were often seen dancing down towards the rivers, to bathe in the crystal streams. The sound of music was heard in all the groves. Birds of beautiful plumage, the O-pee-che, the O-wai-sah, the O-see-o, (the robin, the blue bird, and the oriole) were heard in all the pleasant woodlands, singing their songs of melody and love. Old men, from all the ages, sat under the majestic trees, and talked of the scenes they had witnessed, and the toils they had endured, before they entered the Country of Souls. 'Mus-co-da, (the meadows,) around them were covered with perpetual flowers, through which the rivers danced and sung on their way to the Ke-che Gah-me, (the Great Sea.) Such was the Indian's dream of Paradise, his vision of a future state. May we not hope that he found a resting place at last, from the sorrows that awaited him here, in some fair Spirit Land beyond the sky? The parting scene is with the Indians, very impressive. They bring the dying man into the centre of the wigwam, and his friends gather around him, sitting in a circle, to take with him the last smoke which they will ever take, as a token of friendly regard and brotherhood. The chief speaker puts the end of the stem of the long pipe into his mouth from which, if he is able, lie draws a single quaff of smoke, and then it is passed round to all the company, who perform the same ceremony. lie then arises, and says, 'Well, brother, you are about going on your journey!'' To this the dying man assents. 'Well, we will take good care for you on your journey. We will put a pot of water, and a basket of meat, one at your head, and the other at your feet, into your grave, for your three day's journey over the prairie. When you come to the river, don't be afraid! You have been a brave, good Indian, and will pass safely over. When you come to the Camp of Souls, remember us whom you leave behind, and don't keep us waiting, when we pass over; but come out and welcome us in,' To all of which the dying man assents. Then they send messages to all their friends who have passed over the river, the news of their success in war and hunting, the changes in their families, all Avhich they think would have interested them here on earth. They then paint the face with the paint of death, half black, half white, and cover it with a blanket, for the Indians consider it a bad omen to look upon the face of a dying man, and he is seen no more. After death the body is not taken through the door, but through an opening made in the side of the wigwam. When asked the reason for this, they will say, 'He has gone a way he never went before.' They will therefore take him through the sides of the wigwam, where he never went before, as a symbol of his new, untried journey. They bring their dead to the grave at sunset. After depositing the body in the grave, they will march in solemn procession around it, chanting thus, 'Ra-mo-saig! Ha-mo-saig! es THE MANIFESTO. ne-kah-nis, &amp;c.' 'Go on thy journey, brother, go on thy journey! 'Tis late, and the sun is set. Tremble not for the river that is before thee ! Step lightly over, and go on thy journey!' Then comes the chorus in which all join: 'Ba-mo-saig! Ba-mo-saig!' &amp;c. When asked why they bring their dead to the grave at sunset and not at some other hour, they will reply with this question, 'Has not the journey of a day closed? Has not the sun gone down?' Some of these expressions are very forcible. Of the white man who walks with his toes turned a little out, while the Indian walks with his straight forward, they would say, 'He walks two ways at once,' by which they meant the trader, who told them one thing and practiced another. Of a lying tongue, 'It is hung in the middle, and talks at both ends,' meaning, at one end it speaks lies, at the other truth. Of the Great Spirit, 'He always looks from his windows towards the South.' by which, they meant to be understood, the warm love, and tender affection r with which God regards his children. The Indian knew nothing of theft. A stick of wood, placed against the door of his wigwam, when the family was absent, was all the lock and key they required. Hear what Keche Be-zhe-ke, (Big Buffalo,) of the Lakes, once said to the writer.—'When the Pale face came across the Big Waters, we had straight paths running all through our forests Our warriors walked in them. They were very narrow. But our warriors feet went straight forward. It did not hurt them to walk in straight, narrow paths. But the Pale Face could not walk in them. His toes turned out. He was trying to walk two ways at once. He could not walk straight. His ways were crooked. He taught our people to steal. He came creeping into our wigwams at nightHe crept in like a mouse that nibbles the children's corn. He had long fingers, so long that they would reach to the bottom of the suga mo-koks,(birch bark boxes.) He stole all the women's suga. And when our people told him of this, and he opened his mouth to speak, we saw that he had two tongues. One tongue laid very still. The other moved very fast. The lying tongue r walked the faster. (To BE CONTINUED.)