NOTES. THE MANIFESTO. MAHCH, 1883. Prophetic minds, in the spirit of that divine gift, have informed us that, 'The stroke or testimony that wakes up the children of this world will also wake up the Believers.' Are we asleep! Have we fallen into a lethargic state, dreamily passing away our days, waiting for some form oJ an electric shock to arouse us to more active duty? Does the same manifestation of divine presence that acts upon all the sects in Christendom, act correspondingly upon us? As God sends the rain upon the just and the unjust, upon the barren wasteas well as upon (he fruitful fields, we practically learn the lesson that he is no respecter of persons, but those who work righteousness are accepted with him. Some have the idea that a religious wave will pass over the land and all who are so fortunate as to get baptized are the especially favored with a divine notice : forgetting that it is those who work righteousness that are accepted of God. It is admitted that there is a worldliness in the Christian churches and that nine tenths of the people are more deeply absorbed in money making, than they are in their religious obligations ; success in business, bank stock, bonds and notes come first to satisfy the increasing demand for the treasures of earth, and to quiet the dread of coming want. 'Give us this day our daily bread,' is an invocation that is made in every home. We should not become indifferent to the state of mind that exists in the religious world, as its influences are powerful and may become permanent even within our own order. We are informed that, 'Out of every thousand, church members only one in five attends prayer meeting, and only one in five of those attending can be depended upon to take any part in the meeting. There is a woeful lack of Chrietly earnestness in doing God's work.' These signals of distress should prove a warning to the observing or reflecting^ mind, and prevent in our own home, one of the most insidious means of disintegration. The human family are creatures of wonderful susceptibility, a thourand and one things, in the air, in the clouds, in the water or in the vagaries of the mind conspire to form an impression which often shapes the course of life for a long series of years. AVe laugh at the Indians for their ignorance, in supposing that a great dragon was about to swallow the sun, at the time of an eclipse, and smile at the shrewdness of Columbus who took advantage of the event, and obtained from the frightened natives a large store or food. We make sport at the expense of the African tribes who, during a midnight storm will arm themselves, and in a wild frenzy shoot arrows into the storm cloudsA Christian and a civilized people would not for a moment be found among these superstitious heathen, but tea grounds, witch hazle wands, dark seances and idle dreams open an avenue through which a Christian walks on to glory. When men will devote themselves to the cultivation of religious principles with the untiring intensity, and study the advantages of the situation with the same acumen, that they do for the a ecu- THE MANIFESTO. 67 mulatiou of worldly treasures ; religious communities will evidently flourish with corresponding marks of success. We need a revival, a revival of truthfulness and honesty, and a living kindness for poor humanity. We need a school of prophets from which men and women can graduate as saviors and redeemers. Preachers of the testimony of Jesus Christ, which is the sure word of prophecy, and the only effectual door of hope.