THE VALUE OF A LITTLE. Do thy little, do it well; Do what right and reason tell; Do what wrong and sorrow claim; Conquer sin and cover shame. Do thy little, though it be Dreariness and drudgery; They whom Christ apostles made, 'Gathered fragments' when he bade. Do thy little ; never mind Though thy brethren be unkind; Though the men who ought to smile, Mock and taunt thee for awhile. Do thy little ; never fear While thy Savior standeth near; Let the world its javelins throw, On thy way undaunted go. Do thy little; God hath made Million leaves for forest shade; Smallest stars their glory bring, God employeth everything. Do thy little, and when thou Feelest on thy pallid brow, Ere has fled the vital breath, Cold and damp the dew of death. Then the little thou hast done, Little battles thou hast won, Little masteries achieved, Little wants with care relieved, Little words in love expressed, Little wrongs at once confessed, Little favors kindly done, Little toils thou didst not shun, Little graces meekly worn, Little sights with patience borne. These shall crown the pillowed head, Holy light upon thee shed; These are treasures that shall rise Far beyond the smiling skies. 8elected, UNITY. Let strife forever cease, And envy quit the field; Come join and live in love and peace, And to the gospel yield. Let bitter words no more Among the Saints remain ; Let every member every hour Submit to Jesus reign. One Lord we have to fear, One Faith we all confess ; To the same baptism we adhere, And magnify free grace. Then why should we contend, For meat, and drink, and dress, And crucify the Lord again And pierce his wounds afresh. When bitter words arise, Then Satan has his ends ; We wound the heart and hands of Christ, Amidst his chosen friends. No more then feed the flame Nor judge ourselves too wise; But search with care to find the beam That lurks within our eyes. Unto the world we'll prove That we disciples are ; They shall behold us walk in love, And'say the Lord is there. Then we will live like those Who now agree in lov,e; And when our eyes in death shall close; We'll join with them above. Selected. Vanity makes men ridiculous, pride odious, and ambition terrible. Steele.