CHRIST. F. W. EVANS. 'Before Abram was, lam.' The Law was before Abram, and the Gospel before Jesus. The law of God in nature was written in the hearts of all human beings, their own thoughts accusing or excusing one another, under the leadership of conscience, the light within that lighteth every man that cometh into the world. The Gospel, good news from a far country the hope of etei'nal life, does also exist, as a receptive germ, in all human souls, to be quickened in due time, by a Christ Spirit from the inner heavens, the Rock of Ages, the source of eternal life and immortality. It being the first materialization from God, who is dual spirit, the Father and Mother fountain of all being and intelligence, a holy parentage. Each descending materialization therefrom is a new world, or sphere of dual existence, more and more external,manifestations of Deity, of the God sphere and all the truth and goodness that it contains, down to the earth and material universe of which our globe is an infinitesimal point or speck. Thus, by the things made visible, the invisible dual Godhead is clearly seen in their creative power and character of father and mother. As the tree is known by its fruit, causes are known by effects. Nature is the revealment of God, as the law, in the outward and natural order, is a revealment of the gospel in the spiritual order. The law was the word of God in the world that could be seen by the external eyes. It was a type and shadow, under the law of correspondence of good THE MANIFESTO. things to come, the gospel, which is an emanation from the Christ Heavens, and is the word of God in the world 'not seen.' The first, temporal and transitory, the second, eternal and permanent. The law was holy, just and good, whose right it is to reign and rule, regulating humanity in food, generation and property. Heaven and earth will pass, but that law of right remains. The law is a schoolmaster to educate and prepare souls for Christ, for the gospel, or resurrection state and order, in which the dual forces of male and female are changed. They cease to marry. They live, on earth, as the Christ angels live in heaven, forming an entirely new sexual relation, one step nearer Deity. This is the order to which Jesus so far attained that he could say, 'I am the Resurrection.' He was risen with Christ. To know God as a dual being, and Jesus, not after the flesh, but as a resurrected man, is eternal life. The Law shall go foi'th from Zion, and. the word of the Lord from Jerusalem, in Christ's second appearing. In the first appearing the law went forth from Jerusalem, and the word of the Lord Jesus from the Primitive Church. Inasmuch as Jesus and the Apostles in the Pentecostal Convents were all Jews, or became Jews to find a placi. in the Christian Church, who sang the song of Moses and the song of the Lamb, the Law did not need to be preached to them. Christ's second appearing was to a Gentile woman, Ann, and to a Gentile people who knew not the Law, neither the original law of nature, that was holy and good, in food, generation and property, nor the penal law, added because of the transgression of that higher law, but who, in all these things that they should know naturally as [brute beasts, do corrupt themselves, just as did Abram and his people, when he was called, of the Spirit, to get out from his kindred and country, to a land to be shown unto him on Mt. Pisgah. The Law, both original and penal, may be proclaimed. Both laws were to be preached to operate, as schoolmaster? to prepare souls for Christ's second appearing, as really as they were needed to prepare them for the first. And even those who are gathered in need to^be redeemed from their Gentile auti-christian educational tendencies. In our efforts to unravel the mysteries of godliness, in the natural and spiritual order, we must find our starting point and mirid our stops. We need the help of the spirit that searches all things 'wyea, even the deep things of God.' We have spoken of the higher and lower laws; the Jews of Jesus' time lived under a yoke that neither they nor their fathers were able to bear, the yoke of the gospel, hence they killed Jesus for imposing it upon them. Also, while they were under the lower or penal law of pains ,.nd penalties for things that itself allowed, being weak through the flesh, there were always prophets, mediums, inspired by Ch:ist angels, who spake as they were moved upon and proclaimed truth pertaining to the future Kingdom of God upon earth. These prophets, or Christ mediums had great power, often dethroning kings and deposing high priests of the lower law, until their work was done, then they were stoned or killed, as their brethren, the children of Abram, saw fit. Mt. Lebanon. N. Y.