Books and Papers THE ELZEVIR LIBRARY A unique little semi-weekly magazine under this title has begun publication in New York. Each number is to contain a complete literary/ gem, a characteristic specimen of the best production of the brain ef the author who is represented. The numbers taken together will form a beautiful little cyclopedia of the world's choicest literature. Price only two cents a number, or $2 a year. Number one contains Washington Irving's delightful story of Rip Van Winkle, Number two, Canon Farar's graphic story of The Burning of Rome, and the persecution of the early Christians under Nero. Oilier numbers folio1'. ing are 'The Sea Serpents of Science,'' by Dr. Wilson; Tennyson's ' Enoch Arden;' Goldsmith's 'Deserted Village,' 'The Traveler,' etc. Specimen copy sent free on request. JOHN B. ALDEN, Publisher, 18 Vesey Street, New York. Good digestion or the dyspeptic's friend 'Goon Digestion or the Dyspeptic's Friend' by J. II'.'llaiiaford, M.D. is a pamphlet of sixty two pages and is well worth a careful perusal. If any one needs a friend in this lower world, it would seem that the poor dyspeptic is the person. Simple obedience to the rules of the good physician which are fully and clearly laid down in this little book will warrant you a visit from tills good friend whom you will never tire of seeing. Price 20 cts. Address Dr. J. II. IIanafoud, READING) Mass. The Homiletic Monthly The February number of The Homiletic Monthly contains twelve sermons by eminent preachers, among whom the eloquent Stopford A. Brooke appears for the first time in that excellent periodical. The A niericMii sermons are by Dr. MeGosli, of Princeton; Dr. John II. Paxton, of New York: Dr. D. F. Harris, of Cincinnati; Dr. D. II. Wheeler, of Brooklyn, and the Rev. John Edgar Johnson, of Philadelphia; and both Spurgeon and Joseph Parker appear with abridged discourses. Among1 the articles a notable, one is by Thomas G. Shearman, Esq., of New York, on 'The Proposed Bounty on Whisky and Tobacco,' and showing how the repeal of the taxes on vices will put burdens on virtues. The Sermoiiic Criticism and other editorial departments are full of good things for ministers amt other students of Scripture. The Homiletic Monthly grows s:e:idily in value and public favor. Price, $2.50 per year; single number, 25 cents. Ftjnk * Wagnaixh, 10 and 12 Dey Street, New York.