THE PRINCIPLES OF CHRIST. RUTH WEBSTER. If we wish to obtain a valuable article wa expect to pay a price corresponding to its value. Salvation from sin is called a great salvation. If we obtain it we must comply with the conditions which will fit us for the Kingdom of Heaven on earth and for Eternal Life in the world to come. When Christ dwelt on eartli in material form his constant theme was 'the Kingdom THE MANIFESTO. 59 of Heaven is at hand.' In his similitudes and parables he likened it to many things some of them I will mention. A man found a treasure in a field and selleth all that he hath and buyeth the field. A merchant seeking goodly pearls, when he found one of great price sold all that he had and bought it. How are these likened to the Kingdom only as it takes all that we have to gain and enjoy it. Many try to enter the Kingdom without counting the cost; soon they get into trouble. This is wrong and that is not right; they are making provision for the flesh and they find that flesh and spirit will not mingle any more than we can serve God and mammon. He that receiveth not the Kingdom as a little child cannot enter therein. We must be teachable and confiding; such arc -willing to be taught gospel principles and are easily governed by the same. Christ said, 'Except yc forsake all ye cannot be my disciples' and lest any one should mistake his meaning he specified the things to be forsaken. Private property, natural and partial relation, and our own life also. It has been said by some that the condition of discipleship cannot be carried out without one makes a pauper of himself. So far from this being the case, tho-sc who carry out the teaching of Christ the most perfectly, arc the farthest removed from pauperism, for they have a united consecrated interest; they have no rich nor poor, all fare and share alike, while all labor for the universal good. It is evident that Christ had the idea of a community life in view in his teaching at different times. For instance, in his parable of the man who made a great supper and bade many; at supper time he sent his servants, saying, 'Come for all things are ready, and thejr began to make excuses.' They had involved themselves with private property and they must attend to their own private interest. Another had married a wife therefore ho could not come. Thus showing that neither private property nor marriage were admissible in the kingdom on earth, for this seems to be the'subject under discussion, any more than in the kingdom above, where it is said 'They neither marry nor are given in marriage.' In the kingdom of Christ all things are to become new, uo one seeking his own, but another's welfare. The forsaking of partial and natural relation is not to leave them to suffer, for there is ample provision in the fold for every child, yea, all who will submit to the discipline and claim its protection. Where justice and equality are foundation principles and of which we must in no wise lose sight. If we would live out the principles of Christ wo will live in community, and we cannot carry out a community life, successfully, without giving up our partial ties, and living an unselfish life. Union Village, Ohio.