A DIALOGUE. A. I wish you a Happy New Year, dear sister ; and may it be so in reality to all of us; and why not, if truth and purity are the aim of each one? You know many hands make light and pleasant our temporal work; why not as well, in our spiritual work, or religion. B. Many thanks for your kindness ; I heartily wish you and all my friends the same blessing, but why do you use the term, religion? Can we not have the general compliments of the season without having religion mixed up with them? A. Wait my friend, do not be in so great a haste to denounce the right of the term, for really I cannot see how kindly feelings and religion can be very well considered apart from each other. B. I do not know as I hare any objection if you must have it, as it gives us a chance for a discussion on the subject of religion, and the effect it has on different minds. Please inform me of your definition of religion? A. I am quite ready to give it. Worcester tells us it is duty to God and man; and this agrees exactly with my idea. B. But people differ very much in their ideas of duty to God. Some think it their religious duty to torture themselves physically; others to deny themselves of everything that could possibly afford them any pleasure. A All this being granted, still what might seem right to one person might not be to another. B: Well, my religion does not prevent me from admiring the beautiful both in nature and art; nor would I object to some innocent amusements. A. I must admit that everything beautiful justly claims our admiration, but would not some of those innocent amusements of which you speak, be more rightly termed unprofitable indulgences? B. Unprofitable indulgences! Then you think that those who profess religion should have no amusements at all. If that coat fits any one, let him put it on, for I am sure it would pinch me unpleasantly. My religion is not a set of rules, nor a whip to duty, which are all the time saying, 'You shall, and you shall not; you may come here, but you must not go there.' Religion, should no more fetter a person, than wings do a bird, but should stimulate to high and holy actions. A. Do you say that your religion contains no laws which you feel obligated to obey? B. Creed, not religion binds; I have no faith in creeds. A. I have; my creed is, I believe in the Love of God, submitting myself to be governed by his laws. B. I do all that without any creed. A. You seem willing to accept the work, and still unwilling to have it called by the right name. B. Well, I do object to it. I think creeds have done more mischief in the world, than 58 THE MANIFESTO. religion -with all its divine influence car. undo, for a long time to come A. That seems pretty strong. Faith, without works, is dead, so there may be no creed which alone can save the soul, but if my creed harmonizes with the laws of justice, and are written in my heart, then my creed has served me well. B. You seem to think a creed essential to religion. A. Nay, I am sure I do not. B. Then I can sec nothing in your last remark but the effects of true Christian religion, leaving the creed entirely out. A. Well, bidding adieu to the creed, I will ask you if j'ou have not in the course of your life found those who exemplified the effects of religion that they have won your respect and admiration? B. Certainly, but can I not admire the principle without a reverence for the person? A. Why do you make that objection? If a person embodies that which is noble and of superior quality, is he not worthy of a reverential regard? B. Well, I declare! I thought God only was Avorthy of our reverence. Look here, my friend, we have got into something of an argument on the subject of religion, and I want more help. Sister Conservative, can you not come to my assistance? C. I have been listening very attentively to your argument and my ideas fully coincide with my sister's upon the subject of reverence. All that is good and Christ-like a&gt; tracts toward itself, and Ibis stimulates! our reverence for the act and then for the person. B. It may be as you say. Some people have a greater reverence for persons and places than I do; perhaps I need more of that quality of mind. C I readily admit that I am deeply interested in the subject Why, I have a reverence for sacred places which is no doubt owing to the divine influence that I have experienced from time to time; and it is easier to fraternize with the angels of God while in the apartments kept sacred for devotion, than in an abode of common labor. A. I have no peculiar reverence for a room which is kept especially for religious services, but at the same lime must admit that I have a respect for the conscientious scruples of every person. B. I also have respect for the conscientious scruples of every one but I luire none for these false notions of religion. C. What do you call false notions of religion? B. Clinging to old forms and ceremonies; urging that religion consists in a particular, order of worship, or in the style or color of apparel, or even in the form of speech. 0. All manifestations of religion might be termed mere ceremony. It s?cms to me to be very essential that professing Christians should dress plainly and with economy. B. I did not better myself very much by applying to that conservative, did I? A. Every one seems to have some idea.of a religion which demands our respect even though we do not accept the faith. C. Time changes and people change; here is a document written only a few years ago. Reads. A Recipe.' Take a soul full of conviction for sin, and add to this, honesty of } urposc. Pass through the order of confession and fill the spirit with love and a desire for good. By this time you will have taken sufficient humility to keep you by the cross. Now, you may need some simplicity and obedience which will aid you to put your good resolutions into practice. All your Avords and actions should be governed by principle and that alone. A willing consecration of time and talents together with, a faithful fulfilling of the Golden Rule will not fail to make you a Christian. Now what can you say?Shirley, Mass. (To be continued.)