ETERNAL EXISTENCE. Mortality and Immortality of the soul. GILES B. AVERY. In the understanding of some persons immortality and eternal existence are synonyms, but, seen in the light of the Gospel of Christ, they widely differ. ''The soul that sinneth, it shall die.' Ezek. xviii, 4. 'Our Savior Jesus Christ hath abolished death' (soul death) 'and brought life and immortality to light through the gospel.' II. Tim. i, 10. It is often asserted by many, generally well informed and enlightened pei\sons, that ' all human souls are immortal' meaning thereby to express the idea that they are subjects of eternal existence. This, however, is a very different state from immortality. That which is still subject to death, cannot be immortal ! And, while souls are yet in a condition to be tempted to sin, and liable to yield to temptation and sin, they are not yet immortal; for, if they do sin, in as much as they sin, in so much they die. It is important to keep clearly in mind the distinction between a state of life, and one of mere existence. A dead physical body may have an existence, when petrified, as eternal as matter, in its elementary parts ; and, in its form, as eternal as stone, so a dead soul may have the eternal existence of a spirit body, but, for aught we know, for unnumbered cycles of ages bound in death,— torpor—metaphorically speaking, in a petrified condition ! Embalmed with the poisonous antiseptics of earth life in sin, it may remain intact in form, for ages untold, but this approximate infinite existence is not life! It is only life's mockery, soul death ! The constituents of death are insensibility, un- 50 THE MANIFESTO. consciousness, inability to act, by Webster defined as ''permanent', but, this is not the only idea of death; a person may be drowned and absolutely dead, but yet life, hi some instances may be restored. But, death, spiritual sou! death, differs from physical death in this, that the dead soul is dead only by insensibility to goodness, heavenly spirit life, and affinity to that sensitiveness of soul that is eternal! The soul may retain its organization or form, also its sensibility and affinity to sinful emotion. Yet, at the same time it is dead to consciousness and desire for or power of action in a good direction, that is, it is alive to sin, but dead to righteousness As a frequent or constant abrasion or excoriation of a nerve will, at length, destroy its ^sensibility, so a frequent cr continuous violation of spiritual rectitude will destroy sensitiveness of conscience, pure heavenly spiritual emotion, sensibility to goodness, love, pure soul affection and living friendship. A truly living soul is sensitive to the faintest blushes of pure and heavenly aff'ectiou and sympathy, its emotions beat responsively to every pulsation of love and heart-felt union to it extended ; its ear is unstopped to every appeal for aid or charity ; its eye is ever open to the just merits or demerits of a fellow being ; its life interests, sympathy, mercy and care is poured out like the pool of Bethesda to heal the wounded soul, its love is not fitful and ' scathing, like fiery ../Etna's breath, but constant, warm, soothing, full of sweetness, gentleness and health, like the breezes of summer's Edenic freshness from the gardens of God! Its charity, boundless as the ocean, never faileth; its peace is like a river never dry, whose fountain springs are ever welling, up in the mountains of holiness. Living souls are ever interested in the work of humau progress and happiness, toiling on, toiling on for a present salvation from sin, and redemption from all the powers of evil, the sources of human misery. To a truly living soul, selfishness, covetousness, hatred, revenge, backbiting, evil-speaking, hardness of heart against a brother, sister or friend, and impurity are sins. But it is the life practice of souls baptized into eternal life, not only to regard the claims of conscience, but to educate and train the conscience ; to guide its courts by the sweet, loving and truthful laws of a heavenly life. Ethical idealism has claimed conscience to be the 'voice of God in the soul,' such it would be, had its possessor and his antecedents never violated God's laws ; but, as society is now found, human experience does not prove this to be a universal fact. Conscience has a character much modified and moulded by tuition ; it is often so educated falsely, as not to recognize what is right, nor descry what is wrong; it dictates, but, not always truly. To illustrate, the social custom and tribal in fluences and examples of cannibal races, train the conscience to feel that it is. right, to slay a human being for food, and by their conscience tribunal it is no more judged a crime as murder than the civilized Christian citizen judges it a crime to slay an ox for food. Thus conscience may be as restive and erratic as a balky horse. But, the Christ life example is the pattern set in the mount of God's love by which it should be fashioned. We have witnessed souls so dead that the sweetest strains and anthems of the THE MANIFESTO. heavens warbled from the inspired lives of heavenly songsters created in them no wake of emotion, no response of sympathy, neither the jubilant joy of souls saved from sin and basking in the warm sunshine of God's love, nor the tears of the penitent, writhing irjder the lash of condemnation and pleading at the gate of mercy, moved the icy statue of soul death to one seeming wake of sympathy or concern ! Death had sealed his livid lips and locked his stony heart with steeled indifference. But, the soul who has the baptism of immortality, eternal life, is quickened even by the soft strains of angels' Avhispers, it bounds in rapturous joy when the souls of the saved make the welkin ring with praises and thanksgivings ; it lists to the faintest pleadings of mercy from penitent hearts, and joys in the feasts of forgiveness prepared for the returning prodigal foii or daughter. Such living spirits thrill with tha* universal love which Mother Ann Lee, of blessed memory expressed in the following sentiment. 'If I owned the whole world I would turn it all into joyfulness by giving bread to the hungry, clothing to the nake;!, and comfort to the afflicted.' Such living souls dwell in &amp; city that hath foundations eternal in the Heavens, and cannot be deflected from virtue's pathway ; for virtue is the pabulum of their life ; and their love to humanity is boundless as the ocean and pure as the dew drops from the gardens of Paradise. Blessed Immortality ! Purchased only by redemption's price ! My soul bows humbly at thy deathless heavenly shrine ! Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.