Books and Papers THE ELZEVIR LIBRARY A unique little semi-weekly magazine under this title has begun publication in New York. Each number is to contain a complete literary/ gem, a characteristic specimen of the best production of the brain ef the author who is represented. The numbers taken together will form a beautiful little cyclopedia of the world's choicest literature. Price only two cents a number, or $2 a year. Number one contains Washington Irving's delightful story of Rip Van Winkle, Number two, Canon Farar's graphic story of The Burning of Rome, and the persecution of the early Christians under Nero. Oilier numbers folio1'. ing are 'The Sea Serpents of Science,'' by Dr. Wilson; Tennyson's ' Enoch Arden;' Goldsmith's 'Deserted Village,' 'The Traveler,' etc. Specimen copy sent free on request. JOHN B. ALDEN, Publisher, 18 Vesey Street, New York. Good digestion or the dyspeptic's friend 'Goon Digestion or the Dyspeptic's Friend' by J. II'.'llaiiaford, M.D. is a pamphlet of sixty two pages and is well worth a careful perusal. If any one needs a friend in this lower world, it would seem that the poor dyspeptic is the person. Simple obedience to the rules of the good physician which are fully and clearly laid down in this little book will warrant you a visit from tills good friend whom you will never tire of seeing. Price 20 cts. Address Dr. J. II. IIanafoud, READING) Mass. The Homiletic Monthly The February number of The Homiletic Monthly contains twelve sermons by eminent preachers, among whom the eloquent Stopford A. Brooke appears for the first time in that excellent periodical. The A niericMii sermons are by Dr. MeGosli, of Princeton; Dr. John II. Paxton, of New York: Dr. D. F. Harris, of Cincinnati; Dr. D. II. Wheeler, of Brooklyn, and the Rev. John Edgar Johnson, of Philadelphia; and both Spurgeon and Joseph Parker appear with abridged discourses. Among1 the articles a notable, one is by Thomas G. Shearman, Esq., of New York, on 'The Proposed Bounty on Whisky and Tobacco,' and showing how the repeal of the taxes on vices will put burdens on virtues. The Sermoiiic Criticism and other editorial departments are full of good things for ministers amt other students of Scripture. The Homiletic Monthly grows s:e:idily in value and public favor. Price, $2.50 per year; single number, 25 cents. Ftjnk * Wagnaixh, 10 and 12 Dey Street, New York. The Tourist's Guide The Touhist's Glide of California, a beai.tifully illustrated work of some 282 pages, has reached us, through the kindness of the Author, Major. Ben.C. Truman. From the first page to the last it is an enchanting volume, taking us as it does through a semi-tropical country, a land of flowers and fruits, and presenting to us such an extended series of 'Natural wonders.' One writer says that,—'Yosemite conveys to the soul of man, through the eye. what might be the orchestra of Heaven, through the ear, were peals of thunder composed into harmonius notes of music, then suddenly silenced, and followed amid instant stillness by nature's most tiny voice.' It tells us of Mountains with an elevation of from 10.000 to 14.000 feet, whose tops are covered 'with fields of everlasting snow?' Of tree* 275 ft. tall and over 100 ft. m circumference at the base!! of Falls and cataracts and cascades from 100 ft. to 2526 ft; ain] one v£ these having 1.500 ft. perpendicular descent: of the wonderful mineral springs that are to be found in erery part of the state, and which are unsurpassed in the mission of doing good, and in healing the sick. The pleasure of reading the book comes next to that «f making a visit to this land of extreme wonders. The Herald of Health The Herald of Health : February. Contents. Is Lager Beer a wholesome Drink? An Ideal Home. Some Earnest Thoughts: Contagious Diseases in Schools : Eights of Animals : Girl's Folly : Imaginary Diseases : Effect of Tea on the skin, etc. etc. Pub. byM. L. Holbrook, M.D. 13 * 15 Laight St. N. Y. $1.00 a year.