Dear Editor, Manifesto —The swiftly rolling seasons... West Gloucester, Me. Jan. 1883. Dear Editor, Manifesto ;—The swiftly rolling seasons brought around the interesting days of Christmas and New Year, while yet we were holding in fragrant memory, the pleasures and profits of the past season. Christmas found us universally engaged in righting all wrongs, forgiving one another's trespasses as we ourselves would be forgiven by our Heavenly Father and Mother, cleansing 'the temple of God' to make it a more fit receptacle for the indwelling of the Holy Spirit. The Christmas festivities were reserved to be combined with those of New Years, which was an occasion of great enjoyment for 'Mother's Children' of THE MANIFESTO. 61 all ages from 8 years on to 90. At seven o'clock in the evening the doors were opened into the Meeting room of the Old Mansion, when ab illiant beautiful sight greeted all eyes, the wide spreading evergreen tree displayed more than, 'twelve manner of fruit,' the product of busy hands to meet the wants of the needy. Beautiful songs composed for the occasion were sung, and original and select pieces were read ; of which the following. 'Gentle words' was one. The little folks were well trained by their efficient teachers, who rehearsed a very entertaining Dialogue. A kind and commendable feeling prevailed in advance of the festivities to render the meeting pleasant, and increased brotherly and sisterly love. Almost every person contributed some needed article, and the good Deaconesses displayed justice in their allotment to each one according to their needs, combining all with contributions from choice friends abroad. Here wss forcibly demonstrated how successfully we could add to the happiness of each other when an effort is made for that purpose, and if accomplished for one day, why not for seven, and if for seven, why not for a whole year and on,—then with our work before us, the reward would be ever present, and would not this be heavenly ? At the close of the two brief, pleasant hours, we were reminded of the s-ad calamity at Mount Lebanon and of the hearts of dear, gospel friends there, bowed in grief and sorrow, and as we knelt in prayer that the Lord would send angels to comfort them, we sang in subdued tone the sweet, sympathetic prayer Remember, Lord, thy chosen people Who have kept thy holy way, O, do protect and strengthen them On their journey, night and day. When they're brought in tribulation,— When they feel thy scourging rod,— 0, then appear for their Salvation, O help them keep thy way, 0 God. Letters were read from gospel friends at Enfield, Conn, containing rich expressions of fraternal love, when at the same hour the society there were holding dedicatory services in their new and elegant Infirmary. Songs were selected to be sung by each Society at the same time in reciprocal friendship. The following of Elder Omar Pease was one. Away with all doubting and fear, Away with all doubting and fear, While morning around us is breaking, And angels are hovering near. If others have stood through afflictions, With firmness to day we will stand; And gladly we'll banish all weakness United in one happy band. From Your Brother, Otis Sawyer.