OBEDIENCE. ELMIRA HILLSGROVE. In the principle of Obedience to higher laws, is the power of present salvation, and final redemption from error. We are not by nature what we would desire to be, when influenced by an intelligent THE MANIFESTO. G3 mind, and a love for the beautiful and good. How often we sigh, and regret the depravity of an unregenerated heart, imploring spiritual aid in prayer, crying with all sincerity of desire : O Father, Mother, our God in heaven. I have known thy divine will, yet have sought my own pleasures, walked where I knew lay temptation ; name any measure that is mete suffering for atonement, I will bear it cheerfully. H &gt;w clearly the spirit voice answers our petition ; 'Obedience is better than sacrifice.' Be not deceived, repentance does not consist wholly of tears, heart-rending agonies, or regrets ; you have sinned ; humbly confess the same ; you have disobeyed known laws of right; by obeying, you are repenting; continued obedience to principles of godliness, will bring you nearer and nearer the standard of uprightness, farther and farther removed from the snare out of which you were taken; while each repetition of error delays the glorious day of victory which may crown you with Redemption. Obedience to correct principles is the grand lever raising us. to success in the gospel work ; it is an all-important power of resurrection from the infirmities of the flesh. A soul may be convicted of sin, and be brought to confession, yet without the full repentance unto obedience to the spirit which condemns, we are merely mortifying the deeds of the body, not crucifying the nature of 'sin, not striking the ax, at the root of the evil tree, and we fall into sin again and again, each time with greater loss of strength and confidence in ourselves. Obedience strikes at the cause of siu, the latent opposing elements ; confession is the first important step after disobedience has led the soul astray; yet alone, confession is but merely trimming, pruning, so that the twigs, leaves and branches, (our thoughts, words, and actions,) draw with greater effect upon the root. Obedience, with earnest prayer, embraces our whole duty ; it embodies the Christian warfare, is +.hc effectual sword of the spirit, the self-denial, the, cross, our defence and our standard of loyalty ; by its effect we conquer the most subtle fos, put to shame and crucify the nature of sin, and thus hasten the glorious day of complete redemption. Canterbury, N. H.