REMINISCENCES OF SCHOOL DAYS. NANCY G. DANFORTH. As we see the advantages for education enjoyed at the present time we can but contrast them with those which we enjoyed in early life. Shall we relate a little of our experience? Well, that part of the country where we then lived was quite new, the people sometimes attended church in school houses; often in winter being conveyed there in ox teams. When in our fifth year we were introduced to a school, the road was merely a foot-path for nearly three quarters of a mile through the woods. The school-house was built of logs and not more than twelve or fifteen feet square. A small window was on each of three sides, the door being on the fourth. The furniture of the room consisted of a stove, the pipe of which passed through one of the windows into a wooden box, depriving us of nearly half its light; one chair, four slabs, with legs driven into the round side, to serve for benches were placed one on each side of the room. These were of different heights to suit the various ages of the pupils. Across one end of the house a plank was fastened to the wall in a slanting position to serve for a writing desk ; a water pail and tin dipper fill out the list. Here we attended two seasons, when the district, which was very large, was divided, and the part to which we belonged was left without a school-house. To remedy this deficiency, a man offered a room in his house. This was also a log house with but two rooms. The family dwelt in one and the other contained a bed and bureau, to which were added two or three benches, a chair and a plank fixed like the former 'for a desk. In this room was a stone fire place. Here our school was held for two winters. During the summer we went into the same man's barn. The doors were on the rear side, opening into a field. From the ground to the entrance door on the side next to the road was some six feet. Placing a plank against the wall we ascended a part of the distance anc then used the underpining stones for steps the remaining distance. In this place we stayec ill time to commence haying when we removed to the stable, the floor of which covered only about one half of the room; on his floor we were located without window or door, save a small aperture in one side hrough which we entered. Our furniture consisted of a chair and table, and two or hree benches. Our teachers must have had lard work to cause the young ideas to shoot in a literary direction, while the loads of hay were being driven into the building within a few feet of us. In this place we spent one session and part of the second. When the farmers commenced their haying we were removed to a vacant log house, where we closed ur session. At this time there were no beautiful school tickets printed, for good boys and girls, and our teacher to supply this lack, would, with ;he assistance of the pupils, manufacture inks of various colors, from different herhs and flowers. For our 'Rewards of Merit' she would cut small pieces of paper and sketch as a border in colored inks, some species of vine plant, and then after writing our names, passed them to the pupils. Thus were spent the most of our school days. We have attended school in four different log dwellings beside the log schoolhouse and the barn. All this has transpired within the last half century. Now those days have passed away, and we find nice houses furnished with all needful apparatus to facilitate the progress of education, for which we are grateful to all public spirited persons who have done anything to promote this good cause; being unwilling that their posterity should remain in ignorance, or suffer the privations which they have endured, they have toiled night and day for their prosperity. We hope the rising generation may appreciate the privileges that they enjoy, and strive to become not only useful but worthy members of society; remembering that their parents have labored for their good in this respect. Let them show becoming gratitude by striving to assist others, thus ever be advancing to a higher state of existence. Canterbury, N. H.