WHAT IS MAN? ANNIE STEPHENS. What is man ? was asked by one of old ; and we repeat the question. As we cast our eyes over hill, valley and plain, on every hand we see monuments of his power, strength and intellective genius. Every element of earth, has been applied to his ends and purposes ; and the busy world thrills with the products of his ever active mind. Steam, that ever powerful but subtle agent, almost as ethereal as air, he holds within an iron grasp, and makes it perform the mandates of his will, as the myriad industries of life attest. He chains the imponderable fluid that sometimes flashes on our sight from dark forbidding clouds ; and 'through this subtle electric current, made subservient to the all controlling power of mind, he sends ; his thoughts from continent to continent in the twinkling of an eye. But, not on land alone has man portrayed his skill; the oc^an teems with the wonders of his creative genius. The little fragile barques of by-gone days, plied by oars and propelled by muscular strength, are as child's toys compared with the floating palaces of the present time. How gracefully these mighty vessels plow the waves, ride the billows, and defy the roughest storms ; bearing their ponderous burdens to every clime, and waving their triumphant flags in the breezes of every zone. The astronomer, wise and reverential in the pursuit of his exalted study, holds the keys that unlock the occult mysteries of yon stellar dome, where countless systems of created worlds revolve in perfect harmony; and could he lead you through his midnight walks, he would show you the limitless fields of his observation, and the exhaustless resources of his knowledge. But, again we ask, 'What is man?' These masked beings we view with an external eye, are but the perishable bodies, that are to subserve a purpose in this material sphere for a season, and then return to the elements that shall change it into other forms. Earth does not claim the man, neither can earthly knowledge satisfy his needs. However great his intellectual development the soul in its higher, spiritual unfoldment, is vastly superior. The immortal part is the crowning glory of man's being. Stamped with the impress of Divinity, adorned with reason, and an aspiring sentient spkit; who can disavow his immortality? Not he who reads the 84 THE MANIFESTO. thoughts of God written on the visible Universe, and expressed in the various operations of nature. In all his eye sees, his mind observes, and his soul feels, he traces the infinite love and power of God, and, as man is created in his image, he reasonably accepts a belief in his eternal destiny, and progression in the life beyond. Mt. Lebanon N. Y..