Reading, Massachusetts Dr. J. H. Hanaford [A Letter from Dr. J. II. Hanuford, Rending, Mass.] PLEASANT RECOLLECTIONS. Mr. Editor;—Having met Abraham Perkins, of Enfield, in the cars a few days, since, I was not only pleased with the interview, but recalled the past, when I was a young man, just starting out in life, 'seeking my fortune.' More than forty years ago I was teaching in Loudon, near your place, and, during the Winter, made several calls to the Village, attending the meetings—as we did not go to 'Church' then. Of course, the services were novel to me, unaccustomed to any such exercises, but they were solemn and impressive, and I had no disposition to regard them in a mirthful spirit—as the thoughtless do, it may he, but then, as now, I felt it a duty to be respectful and gentlemanly, so long as I deemed it well to remain, as I hold that there is no religion in treating any class of worshipers with rudeness, even, with disrespect, however much they may differ from ordinary customs. I then looked with a boy's eyes, and thought with a boy's brain. Though just from the school, I might have cherished the views of the young generally, that great progress then had been made,—from which delusion, since, I have been wonderfully emancipated, or I should have made but little progress, as an idea of personal ignorance seems to be the basis of true progress. As I have since given many years to the study of sanitary science—in which I am more than ever interested, with advancing years—I am more and more disposed to regard that religion as relatively worthless winch does not recognize the duty of making the great principles taught by the meek and lowly Nazarene, the rule of moral life, taking them with us to the table, to all parts of the dwelling, to our work shops, on the farm, into our places of worship, everywhere, as the basis of active duty. As God is the Author of all of the laws of the hody, mind and soul, to violate any of them, willfully, is to sin! But, I know too well that the prevalent idea is that our great duty—and nearly our only ones—relate to the soul, almost wholly ignoring the body, which I cannot accept as the Gospel of Christ. Of course, as the mind and soul are higher than the body, the care of them involves higher ideas of duty, and yet God made all, placing them under law. While the soul is superior to the body, it is manifest that the body was made to be subservient to the higher, the mind and soul, and yet, too often, the mental and spiritual natures are the slaves of the animal, the propensities 'warring against the soul.' While the mental brain is placed uppermost and foremost, and the propensities at the base of the brain—indicating that it should be the guide, the superior, it is manifest that men too often reverse this order, turning around, placing the lower brain in a conspicuous place, 'backing into marriage,' as one has expressed it, walking backward all of the time, practically, allowing the propensities, the sensual to lead, bringing the superior into a slavish relation to the superior—the mind and the soul. Such, of course, disregard the divine injunction, 'Whether ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God.' They do not recognize the idea and duty of 'bringing the body under,'' but glorify the stomach, the propensities, the animal nature. Of course such sins are followed by the inevitable penalties, pain, sickness, suffering and a premature death! 1 learned from A. P. that there is less sickness in your societies, and that your people attain a greater longevity than others, as do the Jews. I am anxious to learn more of the facts.