NOTHING NEW. CATHARINE ALLEN. Can I attempt to indict any new thought? 'There is nothing new under the sun.' So declared the wise men of the East many centuries ago. History repeats the fact, and nature, the oldest and truest of all teachers, bears this truth through all her treasure volumes. Even the fresh bright robes of Spring, are woven of tissues as old as eternity. The same water that supplied rivers and oceans in ages past and then blessed the earth with gentle showers or copious rainfalls, or burst from its bosom in bubbling springs, still continues its beneficent mission. Each individual inherits the germ of every faculty possessed by the human race, and these are developed in every one by the same changeless laws of progress. The inventor works out, what to him seems a new idea; but, before he can offer the product of his toil to the public, A, B and C are ready to bring forth similar improvements, each attesting that he was the originator of the invention; while history bears record that some ancient nations far excelled in the practical application of the same principles, and showed great skill and constructive ability in the science of mechanics. Excavations in our own new country, (so called) reveal ruins of cities and empires of great antiquity, which bear evidence of high civilization and culture in the arts and sciences, many of which, are as yet unknown to the now existing races. And what of literary and spiritual attainments? It has been said, that 'a new verse in literature, is as rare as a new star in the constellations of heaven.' And it must be apparent to those acquainted with ancient writings, that the product of modern authors—with rare exceptions—only reflects the light which turned the pages of the past. Media of long ago were gifted with prophetic vision, and clearly foretold the Millennial day that lias so gloriously dawned upon many souls, and from whose blessed increase the saviors now risen on Mount Zion are toiling. Many beautiful chapters in our own Bible, and in the sacred writings of other people, although transcribed by different nations, and at various periods of time, prove the unity and antiquity of truth, and how actively it circulates through the universe of soul, vitalizing and supplying the elements of growth to the immortal being, as do the pure waters that intersect the land, giving it fertility and growth. Again while studying the history of individuals, we see that the same religious element, has in all climes and ages, run like a golden thread through human life, producing in those who followed the higher light within, a similarity of spiritual experience, revealing the fact that one common cross and the same rugged highway awaits every or.e who would reach the celestial heights of conquered self-hood. This echoing of the past must ever continue ; no one can hope for new thought or experience: until, having advanced beyond that which has been attained by those who have preceded us in earth's existence; and even then, it will be in part an emanation shadowed from intelligences still beyond, in higher spiritual spheres ; for God alters not, and human nature remains the same from age to age. But the mind is a germ of God; it is endowed with a capacity for limitless unfoldment, and expansion; and religion, the vitalizing principle of the soul, ever operates to refine, elevate and liberate it from chains of error and death. It is this undying spirit within, that prompts the deep yearning and ceaseless struggling of the spirit, to reach the Divinity which gave it birth; where aspiration mingles with inspira- THE MANIFESTO. tion from the deep fountains of truth, whose waters impart new life continually. Thus, Truth, although the most ancient and all comprehending reality, is also the newest, because it is the force of activity which keeps all things within its power, ever new. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.