OUR HOME. ODILLON B. ELKINS. A home where purity reigns is of all places the most beautiful. It seems a plain fact that in no other spot does that absolute purity obtain which marks our Shaker home. Of course, for a Shaker to say this, has the appearance of boasting ; but many a good thing would be left unsaid if we should always stop to think whether it be liable to any objection. Our home may not be, and is not, all that we wish it to be, in regard to our relations and intercourse together, but these we may mould to our liking. Each one may live in a peaceful, Christian element, or in a state of discord and inharmony. We may pass and repass each other like angels, as we are exhorted to do by one of our early parents, or we may grate past each other very unpleasantly ; or again, we may not so much as grate,—we may pass coldly, as strangers pass. While the external conditions of our home may be shaped by us, and improved upon, the divine plan upon which this home is built, is perfect and unchangea- THE MANIFESTO. 85 ble, and adapted to every soil and climate. The waiting may seem long to us, impatient, short sighted mortals, and none of us may live to see any great increase or spread of those truths which we have espoused, but in the unerring course of Providence this is sure to transpire in God's own time. To make our home relation complete, all ages are necessary, the same as in any home., and a thorough good will and fellowship must subsist between all the members. There is always something lacking if there are no aged ones moving slowly about, with cane in one, or in each hand. The same if there are no little ones to do the capering. The peaceful blending in one accord, of such a diversity of talents, sentiments, and tastes, as there must always be in a community, is a consummation the difficultuess of which, the incidents of every day may convince any one. 'With man, tills is impossible; but with God all things are possible.' But there are so many things discarded in a Shaker home, which are gratifying to the native tastes and instincts, that it seems a wonder that any one who lives for present and mundane joys, with no especial desire for the coming of the Kingdom, should find any attraction sufficiently strong to hold him. It is not half a home, it is a mere shell of a home, to the soul who hungers for spiritual food, unless it has more to offer than the mere external advantages of a co-operative association, and it has more than these. It has more of blessedness, and genuine soul life,—th-? true felicity, than the finite mind can comprehend. To the meek, the poor in spirit, and to those who do hunger and thirst after righteousness, our :ome affords an ever present hope and prospect of inexhaustible riches. None but the riches of a consecrated spirit are worth the efforts of a life time, and the true Shaker life is a life of consecration to the Lord. It is, no doubt more acceptable to Him than any other course, however perfect, can possibly be. It is more like the example, it accords more with the precepts of our Master whom, it is written, the Father sent into the world to show to all mankind what manner of life is most approved of Him, and the one true way. So here in our quiet home are the true riches to be sought and found. And this home was founded for the sole purpose, that all who will may seek and find the the gifts of the spirit. These in their fullness are not to be had at less cost, than to give our whole life, and our own dear selves a free will offering to God. And whatever our natural parts maybe, they are meagre enough in contrast with the fruits of self-denial. But to make it the all absorbing theme of existence, that all our words, and acts are to the Lord, we must make up our minds to meet the scoffs and taunts of the carnally minded, with such epithets as fanatic, strained, partially insane, aud such. If we are to secure the prize we must disregard these dastardly flings. To some it is very distasteful to mingle religious topics with temporal, every day pursuits, or with our letter writing ; but in a purely religious home this view seems inconsistent. As for me I would have every part of life,—every employment so tinctured, and so mixed with pious impulses, that to draw a line of division between them would be impossible. And to me the sentiments and motives of a true piety cannot seem mis- 86 THE MANIFESTO. placed under any circumstances in a community like ours ; the words of eternal life are ever too scarce. We are too prone to depreciate good words as compared with good works. The latter, it is true, cannot be so easily counterfeited, but the former, when genuine and sincere, as they are in most cases, are not a whit less important than the latter, and with some persons, ofttimes they cost more eifort by far. Enfield, N. II.