THE TESTIMONY OF JESUS. ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE. 'Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you.' Jesus. Human nature is the same in all ages, and never changes except by culture. Civil, and religious progress is requisite, to up-lift humanity from crude graceless conditions, into higher spheres of thought and action. Hence we see that 'history repeats itself.' Barbarism exists in many countries at the present time, as really as it ever existed, notwithstanding the world in which we live, has grown olde since the days of yore, if not wiser. Tyranny and oppression, master and slave, are seen wherever the power to execute exists, differing only in form and degree. The cruel war spirit, with all its direful effects, rules in all nations today, in what are called civilized and religious, as well as among the savage tribes of earth. War is wrong, either invasive, or repellent, and the more enlightened and cultivated people become, the more inglorious it is : if more subtle, and carried on under the sanction of what passes by the name of 'a Christian Priesthood,' the more malevolent and reprehensible it is, because light has dawned upon the world, at least, that portion of it in which they dwell. By the march of civilization, public sentiment is changing in regard to war, capital punishment, and religious persecution. Freedom of conscience is the boast of the nineteenth century. No people have greater cause of thankfulness for religious toleration that exists in America at the present time, than the Shakers ; to it, we owe our existence as a religious organized Body. CONTENTS. THE MANIFESTO. The secular arm is outstretched to protect all its law abiding citizens, irrespective of caste, or color, foreign, or home born. Pulpit orators are lenient toward those who hold views differing from their own, on minor points. Civil power may restrain, bind and hold in check ; but the testimony of the baptized Jesus was: 'I kill and make alive.' Certainly he did not 'wound and heal, kill and make alive by the use of carnal weapons, but by spiritual power given him by the Father, which was 'the sword'—the testimony of truth, that proceeded out of the mouth of Him who held the seven stars in his right hand.' The spirit of persecution, may slumber, and its fires die down for a time ; but unless that 'Wicked' is revealed, exposed, by the Christ spirit and is consumed by the testimony of truth, which always accompanies that Spirit, and is 'destroyed by the brightness of that coming,' there is no permanent safety. When Jesus, the lowly Nazarene, walked among the Jews, he saw and felt that the hearts of the children of men were not changed, that the spirit of persecution was still rife; and that they would 'kill and stone the prophets that were sent unto them ;' pile up faggots, light the flame, prepare the rack upon which to torture the saints of that day ; and what they could not otherwise accomplish, would employ wild beasts, a little more savage than themselves, to do for them. xxxx Jesus, feeling all those conditions, among the Jews who stood so stiffly for their Master Moses, and his code of laws, rebuked the Pharisees and pronounced a woe upon them ; while he charged upon them the blood of all the prophets, from Abel to Zacharias ; saying it would be required of that generation : Their fathers killed the prophets, and they built their sepulchres, and were of the same spirit. 'Like causes produce like effects' from age to age. Was it a sign that the full testimony that Jesus was sent to bear, was unnecessary, because it was distasteful to the learned Jews ? Or did he flinch from the cross by which he was crucified unto the world, and the world unto him, until he could truthfully say: 'The prince of this world cometh, and hath no part in me ?' We know full well, that the natural mind that craves indulgence and pleasure, at the expense of rigid duty, will always reason against the cross of selfdenial that crucifies, instead of gratifying the selfishness and pride of the unregenerate human heart. If we sacrifice in part, our reward will be in part. Did Jesus in his time appeal to the learned men of Greece and Home to follow him? A few humble fishermen were his first disciples. And even the highly cultured Paul, when met in the way by the Holy Spirit was first felled to the ground, and taught a lesson of humility. Not many rich, learned and wise of this world have as yet received the full gospel testimony. In the first, and second appearing of Christ, the call has been to prepared souls. The Spirit and Bride say 'Come whosoever will, and are ready.' I cannot agree with the Author of the Article headed 'Consistency,' in the February No. of the 'Manifesto' (whoever he or she may be,) 'that perfect purity of life is impossible apart from courteous manners, and refined intellect.' If purity of life is dependent upon the fine arts, music, painting and flowers, however desirable, and admissi74 THE MANIFESTO. 75 ble they may be in their time and place, as adjuncts, then were the first founders of our Institution and Order, very deficient in Purity, the foundational principle which they taught, and the basis upon which the structure rests. I must still be allowed to believe, that they were quite as pure in life and character, and possessed as much real integrity and stability, as any of their professed followers in our time, who have a better opportunity for intellectual culture, and less manual labor to perform. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.