Shaker Village, N. H. Feb. 1883. My Dear J;—Something whispers to me this morning, that J.—has several times asked me for a letter to be addressed to herself 'full of sweet tilings.' Well, my dear young friend if I could fill this sheet with words the sweetest, and sentiments the most choice in portraying the spiritual glories of the beautiful 'Garden of God' into which you have been, by his spirit transplanted, and over whose growth his angels keep charge; if I could awaken in your mind new and stronger resolves to consecrate, in youthful days your life fully to God,—how gladly I would write them. For would not this result be the best and ¦'sweetest' of all things? Jesus said, 'No man cometh unto me except the Father draw him.' Have you not my dear J,—felt amid the conflicts of your short experience; in the secret chambers of your heart, down in the hidden depths of its purest and most hallowed desires, these strong cords of God's infinite Love drawing you into his presence, and holding you with a firm grasp? Ah my dear sister, may it still hold, till you shall be so fully imbued with its power, and impressed with its beauty, that all other loves shall be merged in this and all other pleasures seem turbulent and unsatisfactory, without this joy to give the peace, the fullness and freshness of life. Did you think that Mother Ann was called from England to America that she might establish in a free country a 'school of Christ,'—a system of education wherein all pupils who 'would' should be taught how to preserve themselves unspotted from the world, and should attain unto the fullness of knowledge in godliness? We know that practical lessons are above all the most reliable, and now one hundred years later J,—our J; in the providence of God, is called from the same section of the Globe to be a learner in this school whose students are to be renewed 'after the likeness of Christ'—a Savior in her generation, a vessel prepared for the indwelling of the Holy Spirit, the perfection of beauty ! May you be safely guided by the hand of that wisdom whose 'ways are ways of pleasantness and all her paths are peace,' until you reach the gates of the golden city, and are fully persuaded of your rightful heirship to an inheritance there with the redeemed. You must be aware ere this that you are an object of love and prayerful interest in the hearts of all the good Brethren and Sisters; and we shall continue to love and pray for you and yours, until we are fully persuaded that you are the Lord's. Most Lovingly Your Friend. E. Martin.