PEACEMAKERS. EMMA SPOONER. [Written for, and read before the Bible Class.] We have abundant reason to thar.k God for that beautiful and instructive discourse so carefully recorded by the sacred historian, and found in the fifth chapter of Matthew. Our Lord spake as never man spake before. It was a mission of Divine blessings to those who would become meek and merciful; who would become pure in heart, and peacemakers among men. It was an especial blessing to those who should hunger and thirst after righteousness, and to those who should suffer persecution for the maintenance of the principles of truth. How carefully we should strive to cultivate all these Christian virtues, so wisely recommended to us ; this humility and meekness ; this penitence for wrongdoing; this earnest desire after righteousness; this universal goodness which so becomes us if we would sustain those worthy names which were conferred upon the disciples. The 'light of the world,' and the 'salt of the earth.' Are we worthy? or shall we exclaim as did a good man in former times, 'Blessed Lord, these are not thy words or we are not Christians !' All the predictions of the ancient prophets concerning the nature of Christ's Kingdom have represented it as a kingdom of peace, and that Jesus was to be known, in the fullness of the term, as 'Prince of Peace.' His people are also represented as a peaceable people, and were to be denominated 'the children of God,' because they are peacemakers in righteousness. When about to leave his disciples he commended them to his Father in the same spirit which he had manifested during his mission. 'My peace I give unto you, not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid ' It is evident that the disciples, and also that the primitive church, so long as it was guided by the testimony of Jesus, carefully maintained the principles of peace. Again we find that saviors have come up on Mount Zion and they renew the testimony of 'Blessed are the peacemakers; for they shall be called the children of God.' Enfield, N. II.