House and Farm MILCH COWS. The Church family at Enfield, New Hampshire, have a herd of some twenty six milch cows. The stock is Durham, full blooded and registered, which the herdsman of this place, Br. Thomas Steadman, thinks is good enough for our northern climate. The success in stock raising as well as in that of the dairy comes largely from the care which is extended through the year and particularly the care for their protection during the winter season, as well as the regularity in feeding and the quality of the food which is provided for them from day to day. The herdsman also positively asserts that he can determine, at the early age of a calf, the percentage of value that the future cow will be for giving milk. This he thinks is one essential degree toward success. This obviates the necessity of keeping a number of animals that are of no especial value to the dairy. We have seen herdsmen who would base all their calculations on the color and beauty of form of the animal, and make the milking quality of secondary importance. Beautifully shaped horns and a dark red body were essential to insure lite. Others would have the animal white and not a red or black spot would be allowed on the surface of the whole body. But Br. Thomas has none of these whims Horns are at a discount, whether one, two or three, strait or curved, as would be the color or general form of the animal. The milk qualities determine whether the creature comes to the stalls for a future residence, or goes to the shambles. The barn is one hundred feet long and fifty feet wide. A cellar is made under the whole building, the walls of which are laid with large blocks of granite. The first floor of the barn has its stalls for the cows, and between these there is^a large passage way which gives ample room for a small reservoir of water, the cooking tank, and for the storing of the herdsman's tools. In the rear of the cows are fixed small pens for the calves. Several of these places are made in each stable and are considered to be very convenient. The boiler room and the root cellar are both entered from this floor. The second loft is used as a feeding floor where the hay is passed easily to the cows which are fastened in their stalls on the floor below. The third loft is the 'drive way.' An abutment at one end of the barn helps to form a passage for the loads of hay to pass up and into this floor where all the teams are driven to unload. The hay is stored on either side of the barn, after which the teams pass the whole length of the building and out over an abutment into the fields. The building has a gable roof and is covered with slate that was brought from the State of Vermont. The date of the building, 1854, is marked on the south side of the roof with slate of a light shade. As we entered the barn when the Mercury without indicated 10 degrees below zero, we soon found that there was a comfortable degree of warmth in the stalls where the cattle stood. These are arranged on the north and south sides of the building, for the accomodation of some thirteen cows each. In a room made fire proof is an upright boiler which is used for the generating of steam. A pipe conducts the steam to a large iron tank, in which are placed the roots that are to be fed out during the day. This process of cooking goes on with a systematic regularity as does the feeding of it to the stock. Seven quarts of this cooked food with the addition of one quart of meal is given to each milch cow at one time, and they are treated to this twice during the day. A pipe also conveys the steam to the trough in the barn yard where the cattle are to get their drink. The water is kept several degrees above the freezing point. In the A.M. some six cows are allowed to leave the barn at one time. These go immediately to the trough and drink all they wish and then return to the barn in less than fifteen minutes, of their own choice, and are fastened in their places till the same hour arrives the next day. Six more are sent into the yard to drink and they soon return to their places. In the P. M. the cows belonging to the other stall are treated in the same manner. THE MANIFESTO. 91 Another steam pipe enters the water tank that is in the barn and from which a large supply of warm water can be obtained at any hour of the day. This water is used for cooking the roots. It is also used by the milkers who are provided with a pail and cloth for the purpose of washing the udders, for its cleanliness and for sanitary benefits, preliminary to every milking. The water is also ready for use. if an animal should be sick and confined to the barn, and for the general domestic uses of the place. A line of steam pipes are laid the whole length of both stalls, where the cows are tethered, which keeps that part of the barn at a temperature of about 60 degrees Fahr. even in the coldest of weather. Br. Thomas insists that the cows should be kept warm. A warm room to live in; warm food to eat; warm water to drink, and the supply of milk will fully compensate for all the extra care. We find at this date, Feb. 10th, that they were milking seven new milch cows and two farrow cows. From these they obtained some thirty four gallons per day. These cows, as yet, have had no English hay, but are fed with the rations before mentioned, and three times each day with meadow hay and straw. The first feeding is at five o'clock in the morning, at ten o'clock, A. M. and at three o'clock, P. M. From these twenty six cows in the summer season they obtain some sixty seven gallons per day. The best cow in the herd gives twenty six quarts. The calves, except those which they intend to raise for stock, are sold to the butcher, so soon as age admits. The bull is a full blooded, red Durham, bearing the name of 'Pea's Blossom,' bred by Hon. C. Dunklin, and will be five years old, Apr. 18, 1883. Registered in the Canada Short Horn Stock Register, Vol. 5th. Henry C. Blinn. Henry C. Blinn Substitute For Short Fall Pasture. — If the pastures are short of grass there is but one proper remedy—stall-feed the stock. It is not necessary to draw upon the hay-mow to do this. Every farmer ought to plant a large piece of corn for fodder. Sow a piece of ground with oats, to be cut early for the same purpose, and use them to help out the poor pasture rather than to feed your cattle in the mowing-field. But if the farmer has not provided for such fodder, then top the corn and feed that out; gather the deformed pumpkins, or those lying too thick together; use some of the early clover, or cut what rowen you can. And rather than feed the mowing-field, use some grain or hay, or buy a few hundred pounds of shorts. The stock must not suffer for food, and the farmer cannot afford the injury to his mowing lands that feeding will do. The Virtues of Borax. —The excellent washerwomen in Holland and Belgium, who 'get up' their linen so beautifully white, use refined borax as a fine washing powder instead of soda, in the proportion of one large handful of powder to about ten gallons of boiling water. They save in spap nearly one-half. All the large washing establishments adopt the same mode. For laces, cambrics, etc., an extra quantity of the powder is used; for crinolines, requiring to be made stiff, a strong solution is necessary. Borax being a neutral salt, does not in the slightest degree injure the texture of the linen. Its effect is to soften the hardest water, and, therefore, it should be kept on every toilet table. To the taste it is rather sweet; it is used for cleaning the hair, is an excellent dentifrice and in hot countries it is used, in combination with tartaric acid and bi-carbonate of soda, as a cooling beverage. Good tea cannot be made with hard water. All water may be made soft by adding a teaspoonful of borax powder to an ordinary sized kettle of water, in which it should boil. The saving in the quantity of tea used will be at least one-fifth.