Books and Papers Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Phrenological Journal and Science op Health, March; Contents, Sir, John Lubbock, with portrait, A Fall on the Head and a bad Temper, On Language, Leon Gambetta, with portrait, The Four Windows of Character, Brain Weight, The Olive Tree, Wm. E. Dodge, with portrait. A sensible preacher, Alexander the Great, March and Its Lessons, Education and Health, Hygiene of Walking, etc. etc. Published by Fowler &amp; Wells, 75.'! Broadway, N. Y. $2.00 per year. Herald of Health Herald op Health. March. Contents : The Future Education, Fashions and Physiology, Treatment of Constipation, Medical Testimony on Alcohol, Study in Hygiene for Women, etc. Pub. by M. L. Ilolbrook, M. D. 13 * 15 Laight St. N. Y. The Homiletic Monthly The Homiletic Monthly for March contains sermons from : Dr. Thos. Armitage, of N. Y.; Dean Bradley; (the successor of Dean Stanley); Dr. A. J. F. Behrends, Brooklyn; Rev. Geo. E. Reed, of Brooklyn; Canon Liddon, of England; and Rev. E. P. Williams of Cincinnati. The installation sermon of Dr. Edward P. Ingersoll, and suggestive sketches of sermons by Dr U M. Hatfield, of Chicago; Dr. E. B. Coe. Btv.JJos.. Elliot, Dr. Barrows? and Dr. Joseph Parker. Among the articles are : 'Saving Tramps.' 'Changes in Methodist preaching,' 'Light on Important Texts.' A new series of interviews is begun in this number, on 'The Best Methods of Preaching and Sermonizing.' The March number gives 'The Episcopalian view.' Other denominations will be represented in future numbers. The series will give the most recent views of extempore and manuscript preaching. The editorial departments maintain their interest. 'Hints at the Meaning of Texts,' and 'Sermonic Criticism,' are full of meat for pastors. 'Equality before the Law,' and 'Inequalities of Society,' are strongly handled, under the head of 'Living Issues.' $2.50 a year. Funk &amp; Wagnalls, 10 and 12 Dey Street, N. Y. Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Journal op Health. February, Contents; Pneumonia, Care of Children, Health Capacity, Scientific notes, Pure water, The Teeth, Practical Knowledge, Spring Diseases, Finger nails, Health, etc. etc. The Feb. number is well worth the perusal by all who have an appreciation of health, E. II. Gibbs. A. M. Editor. Terms, $2.00 per year, 135 Eighth St. N. Y. Elzevir Library LITERARY CURIOSITIES. The poet, Richard Henry Stoddard's brilliant narrative of the 'Life of Washington Irving' forms No. 4 in the elegant little Elzevir Library, and is sold for the price of only 6 cents! After all cheap and handsome books are not limited to the so-called 'piratical reprints,' as this illustrates : the publishers paid Mr. Stoddard $500 for the Manuscript of this sketch—which is a tax of only a half-cent each, when charged over to one hundred thousand of their customers. Number 5 of the Library, also just issued, contains Andrew Wilson's 'The Sea Serpents of Science,' price 2 cents, and Number 6, Tennyson's famous 'Enoch Arden,' price 2 cents—in iormer years sold in large editions for $1.00, or more, per copy. And yet, these numbers are in beautiful type, handsomely printed on excellent paper. Sold by all dealers. John B, Alden, Publisher, 18 Vesey St., New York. Shaker's descriptive and illustrated catalogue to the flower and vegetable garden Shaker's Descriptive and Illustrated Catalogue to the Flower and Vegetable Garden. A beautiful work of eighty four pages, containing an extended list of choice Flower Seeds, annuals, biennials and perennials. The part devoted to vegetable sec Is, is full of good and fresh varieties. Rules for sowing and planting, as well as for cultivation are given so that success is sure to attend the faithful laborer. Both departments are fully illustrated. For farther information address Wm. Anderson. Mount Lebanon, Columbia Co., N. Y.