DIALOGUE-NO. 2. B. I wonder why you selected that. It is the very essence of simplicity. I think I could write a much better recipe but I have something that will suit your case just as well. 'Believe as I believe, no more no less, That I am right and no one else confess; Feel as I feel; think the same as I think, Eat what I eat; drink only what I drink : Look as I look; do always as I do, Then, only then, I'll fellowship with you. That I am right and always right I know, Because my own convictions tell me so; And to be right is simply this : to be Entirely, in all respects just like me. To deviate one hair's breadth or eyen begin To question, doubt, or hesitate, is sin. Let sink the drowning, if he will not swim Upon the plank, that I throw out to him; Let starve the hungry, if he will not eat 76 THE MANIFESTO. My kind and quantity of bread and meat; Let freeze the naked, if he will not be Clothed in such garments as are cut for me. 'Twere better that the sick should die than live, Unless they take the medicine I give; 'Twere better sinners perish, than refuse, To be conformed to my peculiar views. 'Twere better that the world stand still, than move Any other way, then that which I approve. C. I never was so narrow and bigoted as that; I always admired individuality. There is not one sentiment in your remarks that I endorse. Radicals always go to extremes; this is the reason they have no more influence on the minds of the people. B. Why, really, I thought that would be just what you would like. I did not think of offending you. C Do you wish to convey the idea that I want every one to think, act, and breathe as I do? Who would keep the wheel of progress moving, if there were no pioneers? B. Then you are willing to admit that you have conservative ideas? C. Certainly, I am. B. Well, that is more than some persons are willing to admit; but I did not know that you were at all intei ested in progression. C. It was always a theme of thought with me, and yet to progress I do not think that we should lay aside all that tends to spiritual growth and activity of mind because it may have been done by our ancestors. I have watched this matter closely, and think great harm lias come from it. A. I do not think we should ridicule what we might term past conservative notions. If we view things intelligently, I think we shall see that they served a purpose in their day. Our day demands different things, which may to our successors a hundred years hence appear ridiculous. C. I would guard against all despotism and bigotry; all that binds free thought and speech. The advancement of a more liberal and progresssive religion has been marvelously rapid, and of course as truth advances error must die, while the truths of the past, are as dear to me as those of the present. B. You still cling to the dear old past. C. Indeed, I do, and may always do it. I cannot put off a certainty for an uncertainty; at least, not until I find something better. B. You are not so liberal as I had supposed. You would not pretend to say that the present, with all its light and intelligence has not brought anything superior to the past? C. Who is to be the judge in regard to the superiority of these things? B. All intelligent minds may be the judges regardless of persons or position. A. It often occurs that those who think they possess superior minds, labor under very narrow ideas. 0. My conception of the matter is this :—We shoTild embrace all that offers an opportunity to lead us to a better life. All that prompts us to forsake the bad and accept the good, are constituents of true religion, while mere theology remains a dead letter; and I think that some persons have much more theory than practice. B. All of this conversation comes just because I was trying to distinguish the difference between creed and religion ; and now I am charged with having more theory than practice. That is a nice way of changing the burden from your own shoulders to that of another. The theory of religion I have nothing to do with; but have contended only for the practical part. A. It seems to be a difficult matter to arrive at a medium in any thing, even in our ideas of religion. B. Why so? Religion to be worth any thing must aid in moulding its adherents into a more noble humanity. It must enter into all the departments of life; into the business of the tradesman as well as into the sermon of the Minister. Those who will be honest in all their dealings, just in all their measures, kind to foe as well as friend, such persons have religion whether they make a profession or not. A. It seems to be the practical part of religion for which we are all contending, the very essence being a renewed order that passes through the whole of one's life. C That is certainly what I have been anxious to maintain. I do not see that we differ, so much, after all. Perhaps, it is well that we are not all alike. While some minds are preservative, and hesitate at the changes which time forces upon us, others accept the same as a growth and a new light, or a reve- THE MANIFESTO. 77 lation from God. In the union of the two classes conies the blessing. A. An interchange of ideas is often produe' tive of good, and it may be so in this case. A difference of opinions need not cause disunion, if we possess liberal Christian minds, we shall study to prove the worth of. all things before condemning them. We will not complain of the deficiency of light, till we have lived more faithfully by what we have received. Shirley, Mass.