PURITY OF LIFE. FLOYD C. FIELDS. What a grand and noble characteristic, it is in man to live a pure life ! It is not only a virtue but it is a combination, the sum total or aggregate of all virtues. In looking over humanity, scrutinizing with a critic's eye and a philosopher's observation, it would certainly be difficult for us to pass any specimen of mankind and truthfully say he is totally depraved or that he has not a particle of good in his nature. But when we take man as a whole and view him as he appears to us, we see so much that is inconsistent, and impure, and those characteristics predominate so much in that direction that it detracts largely from the lustre of his good qualities, and a close observer would have to strain every nerve of his perceptive faculties to find any element worthy of emulation. To diagnose some characters and separate the good from the evil would surely require a person well developed in human nature, but notwithstanding all this there is a spark of divine goodness in the inner recesses of the most depraved natures. But how few men, in ages past, have lived according to their highest ideal of perfection, and what a small number, in this present generation, live according to their God-nature, following the dictates of the divinity which dwells within. How many there are who trample under foot their higher nature, and try with the utmost vehemence to drive out the last vestige of the divine instinct! Thus the spiritual sensibilities are so benumbed by the constant abuse received from the grosser nature, that it becomes almost impossible for the monitor of the soul to be felt, or its existence realized. Begotten in lust, by parents whose aspirations trail the earth; is it a wonder that man continues in sin, and the light of progression does not reach his soul? How true it is, and how forcibly it is illustrated in our day, that the sins and follies of the parents are transmitted to the children, from generation to generation, both spiritual and physical; but there have been those in all ages, that have had the will power to live according to the laws of their higher nature, yet, how such have been persecuted, suffering the most excruciating pain and agony; even unto death in consequence ! Now it is different; all can worship God according to the dictates of their own conscience, without fear or molestation, for it is a Constitutional right, yet how many abuse that privilege. Instead of using the talents of their higher nature, for their own elevation, and for that of mankind, they revel in sensuality and bring ruin to themselves, and all others who have been guided by their influence. There is truly a great responsibility resting upon those who misapply their abilities for they not only deaden their own spiritual THE MANIFESTO. 81 growth, but retard the progress of others. Observe the multitudes in our great cities; what wrecks to behold;—bent forms, palsied limbs, sunken cheeks and sallow countenances.—What do they indicate? They are the fruits of sensuality. When we study and reflect upon the assertions of eminent physicians, who state that nearly all diseases originate in sexual indulgence, it is about time for some to rebel against the injurious influences to which this vice leads. How many perfectly healthy persons can we find, untainted with disease or unencumbered by infirmity? Alas! the only reply is the echo of my words ! Is it not time to maintain principles of purity and Godliness? The harvest is truly great but how few the laborers. Where will you find a class of people at the present time that are unfolding the banner of truth, wisdom and purity more than the Shakers ? Yea, those who are willing to live the Christ-life, forsake the ways of the world, and let pure Christ-like love be the fruit that proceeds from the heart. Then man can realize of what true happiness consists; then he is prepared to enter the resurrection heaven, where he can receive the flow of divine truth as it proceeds from the great fountain of Spirit; and his soul can then grow in the sunshine of God's eternal love. He can then experience the heart-rest that is only known to the people of God; they can daily realize, what it is to be fed on the rich manna, that is showered by the bounteous hand of the Infinite; they can comprehend the glory and grandeur of being clothed in the resurrection robe of immortality; and they can dwell so near the angelic realms of the blest, that their souls can hold sweet communion with the saints that have passed on to the summer land. The vail seems to be severed, and the aroma to be wafted from Eden's fair bowers to their presence, upon the gentle zephyrs of love. This is happiness that none but the pure can realize. May we all strive to live in the higher temple of our nature, and when the summons conies for us to pass over, may we hear those blessed words 'Come up higher.' 'The pure in heart shall see God!' Come where the fields are ever green, And blooming flowers by angels seen— Kiss crystal dew-drops, falliug there, And with sweet fragrance fill the air. Where streams of life forever flow, Scattering mists on all below Like loving tears, from angel's eyes, They help our drooping souls to rise. The tree of life is standing there Ambrosial fruits so rich and fair, Enchanting spirits as they rise To run the race and win the prize Soutti Union, Ky.