Select A LESSON IN LAW BY GATH BRITTLE Sire and son, for many a year, The Browns had owned the mill On the bank of the limpid stream that flews By the foot of yonder hill. Hard by is the farm the Whites had tilled For three score years or more ; Success had blessed their peaceful toil, And thrift had heaped their store. For all these years the neighbors lived With naught to mar their peace; Their friendship grew, and as time sped Each saw his wealth increase. There came a change. Not long ago A hot dispute arose. About a narrow strip of land; And now the friends were foes. Neither would yield ; and White and Brown Forgot their former ties. To law they went, nor would they brook One hint at compromise. As climbing birds pick fattest grubs From rotten parts of trees, So from our faults the men of law Extract their richest fees. The farm belongs to Lawyer Green, Old Farmer White is dead. His sons and daughters, scattered wide, With strangers toil for bread. The mill, the miller's homestead, all Belong to Lawyer Gray; But Brown works as a miller's man At ninety cents a day. When friends fall out, they should not go To law ; it is not best. Of what they have they'll little save.The lawyers get the rest. N. Y. Weekly. THE LOCOMOTIVE OF 1881-1891 1881. Axles groaning, pistons hissing, Tearing, wearing, bolts all missing, Bushing hideous thro' night air, Always wanting some repair, Boisterous, blustering, screaming, sooty, That's the way he does his duty. 1891. Silent, voiceless, quickly speeding, Coal or water never needing, As he rushes thro' the dark, Showing but a single spark; Like glow-worm or fire-fly, Or star twinkling in the sky, Soundless all his work will be, Moved by electricity! Railroad World. NOTHING TO DO. Nothing to do ! O folded hands ! Why will ye lie so white and fair? When the busy world on every side Calls for thy labor, thy earnest care. Nothing to do ! there are tired feet Walking with thee life's weary road; Show them the way in path so sweet That leads to Heaven, that leads to God. Nothing to do, but live in ease When thousands fall on every side, You might have helped to bear the pain, And breast the swift and rushing tide. Nothing to do ! thy days are light, With golden eves and sunny morns You gather flowers, fresh and bright, Some are tortured with cruel thorns. Nothing to do ! what will you say When the Lord of the harvest asks of you 'What gleanest thou in my field to-day?' 'Lord, there was nothing for me to do!' Ella D. Chapman