Letter Box Shaker Village. N. H. Mar 1883. 'Watch and pray that ye enter not into temptation.' Matt, xxvi, 41. By continually watching and praying, we are kept from a great deal of wrong that we would not otherwise be able to resist; because it would keep us always on guard. I was taught from early childhood to pray before retiring to rest at night, and on rising in the morning; but the first time I ever was impressed with prayer, was a short time after I came among the Shakers. My teacher took me into her room one morning, before going to school, and prayed in my behalf. I then for the first time felt and saw the necessity of prayer to God I saw where I had neglected it, and for what I needed to pray most. Mother Ann Lee said that she could say in truth, 'My every breath is continual prayer to God.' May I cultivate this spirit. M. E. K. 14 yrs. Watch and pray, lest ye enter into temptation... Shaker Village, N. H. Mar. 1883. 'Watch and pray, lest ye enter into temptation.' These are the words of our Savior to his disciples on the memorable occasion of his betrayal by Judas, when he prayed in the garden of Gethsemane. Watch and pray! Watch! How many times do we sleep, when we should be doing our duty. Whenever I think of the word 'watch,' I also think of the enchanted ground mentioned in the Pilgrim's Progress. Hopeful did not 'watch,'' and, but for his brother's advice, he would have slept and thus fallen into temptation. Prayer is the earnest desire of the heart, or, as the Bible tells us, the 'breath of God.' Watchfulness and prayer go hand in hand. We need to watch to become prayerful, and it is necessary to pray to be watchful. When we fall into temptation, we attribute tile cause to our lack of these two virtues. To pray, we do not always need to kneel down and fold our hands, although there are times when it is necessary to take this form; we may pray while engaged in our common duties. The fulfillment of this little text embraces a whole life of devotion. 'Pray without ceasing' is another little text. By this our Savior did not mean for us to neglect our temporal duties for the sake of taking the form of prayer to make known to Him our desires. Nor does it mean for us to be so enveloped in our daily employment, that we have no time to think of our spiritual growth, but it is clearly illustrated in the precept: 'Put your hands at work, and give vour heart to God.' J. E. age 15 yrs.