THE BIBLE. BY HENRY C. BLINN. The growing liberality of the day often brings to us the fruits of investigation which are very satisfactory. At the same time it cannot be other than the growth of intelligence which is advancing on lines that only a few years in the past would not have been admissible. To doubt, was to be more than condemned, while to give an expression to advanced thought, on the infallibility of the Bible would have been hazardous in the extreme. But that day like all others of corresponding darkness i is gradually giving place to light and truth, and the world is not wanting for brave minds to speak it. The Rev. Henry Ward Beecher, says that we have been brought up largely 'to found our notions of creation upon the poetic expressions of the sacred Scriptures. We felt as if God came to the fore front on the day of creation, and said, 'Let there be light, and there was light.'' 'This,' he says, 'wasthe prevalent impression.' To have questioned the matter at all would have been very presuming, as much as it would to have suggested that the days of creation might have been just a little longer than of twenty four hours duration. Br. Beecher tells us, very humorously, of the manner in which the Christians have used the good book as a weapon ; having reference to the battle which Joshua fought with the five kings of the Amorites, (see Joshua x.) 'They' the Christians 'threw the Bible at the sun and moon once, and it came back on their own heads, and astronomy stands. They threw it at geology, and geology stands.' As the Bible is a historical record of the creation and growth of man, his journey from a wild and savage state to a responsible being, and also one extended record of the Hebrew nation, through all their desert wanderings and their subsequent national prosperity and adversity, we see no reason for using it as authority in determining the correctness of geology, astronomy or physiology. That the writers of the Bible were guided by plenary inspiration, has been a forced teaching of the church, and on this account, no word nor sentence could be questioned. Instances have arisen where the converted have over stepped their bounds, and where the unconverted and infidel class have expressed themselves quite clearly in regard to the propriety of some passages, and a mountain of unkindness and even bitter feelings have grown up between the church party and those who wished to exercise a more liberal thought. The Eev. K. H. Newton of the Episcopal church has now expressed his mind on the subject, and he says that 'the old view of the Bible is fading upon the vision of the age. It is a wrong use of the Bible to set it, in its entirety before all classes and all ages. The horrible atrocities and brutal lusts of the early Hebrews, and the coarseness of their latter days, are as unbearable to modern ears, as the rough talk of Shakespeare's ladies. It is wrong to consult it as a heathen oracle for the determining of our judgments and the decision of our actions.' St. Paul writes to Timothy that 'All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness.' and this has determined THE MANIFESTO. the case so clearly that the whole Bible is a full and perfect inspiration of God, that sermons have been preached upon the subject proving that every word from the first of Genesis to the last of Revelations was an inspired word of God. But the revision of the New Testament spoils the chance for another acceptable sermon on this point. It now reads;—'Every scripture inspired by God, is also profitable for teaching, for reproof, for instruction which is in righteousness.' Indeed it is; whatever is done in righteousness must certainly be good, and especially so if inspired of God. The revision has pruned many passages and also blotted out many others which have been decided tu be errors, and the result has been to make the New Testament a much better book. Search the scriptures, cannot be too thoroughly impressed upon the mind, as the Bible is a vast repository of historical information and of moral instruction, and if better known might be better appreciated. If many who profess to hold it in such reverential regard, could only be persuaded to accept the teachings of Jesus and his disciples as a guide in the walks of life, we might with more confidence look forward to the anticipated millennium. The Rev. Stopford A. Bro )ke of England, says, that—'The yoke bound upoj our souls by an infallible church was bound over again when it put over us an infallible book, and imposed upon our consciences the fulfillment of every word of the Bible as a law. Many did not dare to inquire into anything which seemed to conflict with the letter of scripture, lest they should lose confidence in that book which they had turned into the foundation of their eternal life. 'Touch one letter of it and all was lost.' ' It is well that England moves on in its love of liberty or Br. Brooke would have been fastened to a stake and a bundle of faggots burning at his feet. But that day has gone—forever, and the pastor dares to say, that 'The Bible then is not infallible as regards history, nor infallible as regards science, nor, indeed is it infallible as regards morality.' St. Paul very well understood all this and told his brethren that God had made him a 'minister of the New Testament, not of the letter, but of the spirit, for the letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life.' Canterbury, N. H.