Sanitary LAWS OF HEALTH. Children should be taught to use their left hand as much and as well as their right. Coarse bread is much better for children than fine. Children should sleep in separate beds, and should not wear night caps. Children and young people should be made to hold their heads up and shoulders back, while standing, sitting or working. The best beds for children are of hair, or in the winter of hair and cotton. From one to one pound and a half of solid food is sufficient for a person in the ordinary vocation of business. Persons in sedentary employments should drop one third of their food, and they will escape dyspepsia. Heading aloud is conducive to health. The more clothing we wear, other things being equal, the less food we need. Sleeping rooms should have a fire place or some mode of ventilation besides the windows. Young people and others cannot study much by lamplight with impunity. The best remedy for eyes weakened by night use, is a fine stream of cold water frequently applied to them. London Lancet. SIMPLE REMEDIES. Half a teaspoonful of common table salt dissolved in a little cold water, and drank will instantly relieve 'heart burn' or dyspepsia. If taken every morning before breakfast, increasing the quantity gradually to a teaspoonful of salt and a tumbler of water, it will in a fewdays cure any ordinary case of dyspepsia, if, at the same time due attention is paid to the diet. There is no better remedy than the above, for constipation. As a gargle for sore throat it is equal to chlorate of potash, and is entirely safe. It may be used as often as desired, and if a little is swallowed each time it will have a beneficial effect on the throat by cleansing it, and by allaying the irritation. In doses of one to four teaspoonfuls in half a pint to a pint of tepid water, it acts promptly as an emetic ; and in cases of poisoning is always at hand. It is an excellent remedy for bites and stings of insects. It is a valuable astringent in hemorrhages, particularly for bleeding after the extraction of teeth. It has both cleansing and healing properties, and is therefore a most excellent application for superficial ulCERATION. Mustakd is another valuable remedy. No family should be without it. Two or three teaspoonfuls of ground mustard stirred into half a pint of water acts as an emetic very promptly, and is milder and easier to take than salt and water. Equal parts of ground mustard and flour or meal, made into a paste with warm water, and spread on a thin piece of muslin, with another piece of muslin laid over it, forms the often indispensable 'mustard plaster.' It is almost a specific for colic, when applied for a few minutes over the 'pit of the stomach.' For all internal pains and congestions, there is no remedy of such general utility. It acts as a counterirritant, by drawing the blood to the surface; hence in severe cases of croup a small mus- 114 THE MANIFESTO. tard plaster should be applied to the back of the child's neck. The same treatment will relieve almost any case of headache. A mustard plaster should be moved about over the spot to be acted upon, for if left too long in one place it is liable to blister. A mustard plaster acts as well when at a considerable distance from the affected part. An excellent substitute for mustard plasters, is what is known as 'Mustard Leaves.' They come a dozen in a box and are about four by five inches in size; they are perfectly dry and will keep for a long time. For use, it is only necessary to dip one in a dish of water for a minute and then apdy it. Hall's Journal of Health. MORE AIR. Those who have been housed for the winter, scarcely securing a breath of pure air for months, should now breath as much of the spring air as possible, as one of the most important means of purifying the blood. All nature is active, vitalized, putting on new life and more graceful attire, and it is the privilege of debilitated women, nearly worn-out house-keepers, the victims of 'nervous prostration.' (A new disease, or one with a fashionable name, meaning something or nothing.) It is the right of all such to rally with the return of spring, and to do so by breathing more of God's pure air—free to all creatures, and as life-giving as free ! These exhausted women have a right to throw off some of the drudgery of kitchen toils—some if not much of this is needless—and enjoy the air and sun, while managing a flowergarden. Women have 'rights,' and among them is that of taking better care of their health, which implies a little more leisure, less of the burdens, cares and anxieties of domestic life. This she can have by the adoption of plain, simple and and sensible habits of living and dress. City &amp; Country To sleep in clothes worn through the day To sleep in clothes worn through the day is a bad practice. The clothes are filled with the effluvium emanating from the natural wastes from the body all through the day. Especially is this the case with those who labor hard, or perspire easily. The poisons of the system thus ejected or thrown off by people in vigorous health furnish a strong reason, if there were no other, for removing on retiring every article worn through the day.