[From Pomeroy's Democrat.] VISIT TO THE SHAKERS. BY M. M. POMEROY. Twelve miles northeast from Concord, is Shaker Village, a^ay up there on—or in among the Canterbury Hills. At least it is all the way up, up, up, from Concord to the village. The way is out of the city, then across the river and then out on to a New Hampshire hilly country with here and there some good and some poor farms, houses and homesteads. People think a great deal of their farms with their coverings of stones, and on the principle that the nigher the bone the sweeter the meat, the soil about here, except in the valley or along the river, and called intervale lands, ought to be pretty near clear taffy, or strained honey at least. In company with Frank Ingalls a manufacturing druggist of Concord, we rode to Canterbury in a cutter, the Friday before Christmas and had a most enjoyable ride, making the distance inside of two hours, and arriving at Shaker Village a little before noon. This family of Shakers, occupy here in this portion of New Hampshire a farm of nearly a thousand acres, generally well cleared and under fine cultivation. They had to have a large farm in order to find places to pile the granite rock into fences! But they have piled several thousands of cords of them, more or less, very nicely, and thus are stone fences made. The village itself is a wonderfully clean, neat appearing settlement where live about one hundred and fifty men, women and children, who form this family. There are houses, shops, school rooms, a church, barns, sheds, stables, all on the right-hand side of the road as we enter the quiet village, and on the left there is an office building of good size, a few shops, barns and a post-office which is in the office of the Society. Halting in front of the office from the door of which the deep snow had been nicely shoveled away, we were cordially welcomed, in* vited to enter and shown into a neat reception room in the rear of the building, from the windows of which a view is had of a beautiful hilly country, now heavily buried under the snow. A Shaker brother cared for our horse and here we could indeed say, as said the Spaniard, when lie reached that portion of the country—'Alabama!' Here we rest. Who are the Shakers f They are an honest, earnest, well-meaning religious people who are at home when apart from the rough element that forms the world in general. A morn conscientious people are not upon the face of the earth They believe what they believe, and live right up to their belief, and deserve, as they receive, our good wishes and deep respect. They believe in Ann Lee as Christians believe, or profess to believe in Jesus Christ, and as the Catholics believe in the Virgin Mary. They believe in the life, the teachings and the testimony of Jesus Christ as taught by and through the ministration of Ann Lee. The name of Shakers was given to them as an epithet of opprobium, but they pay no more attention to it than a duck does to rain. No matter what others call them they designate themselves as the 'United Society of Believers.' The bed-rock of their religious Temple is Confession of Sin, Purity of Spirit, and a United Inheritance. Where the great effort is to Purity, there is but little of sin to forgive and the more willingness to forgive it. Their property is in common, belonging to no one but to all, and therefore they form a United Community. Their belief is: A life of innocence, strict temperance and virgin purity; entirely abstaining from all sensual and carnal pleasures or indulgences. Love for all men as the fulfillment of the law. Peace with all men. Justice to all men; that every one shall have his due. Holiness, which they interpret as being set apart or consecrated to a humanitarian work. Goodness, or in other words doing unto all men as we would that men would do to and by us. Truth as an eternal principle ; meaning an entire departure from lying, deceit and hypocrisy, and an anchoring to the principles of reality, sincerity, fidelity, correctness of speech, and punctuality in keeping vows. They do not worship Christ or Ann Lee, yet love, venerate and observe their teachings. They worship God, and revere the ones they look upon as beautiful, eternal examples. They hold that God's command to go forth and multiply was a proper command at that time to replenish the earth, and that his command to Jesus to go forth was to replenish the heavens. That as Christ was not an exponent of physical reproduction, his followers cannot conscientiously endorse that which he did not engage in. In this respect the Shakers are the truest Christians there are on earth. They hold that marriage and reproduction are commands of God to people on earth, and that the lesson of resurrection which Christ taught was the lesson of how to gain a new life in the heavens, and that there never has been and never can be a child born into this world under Christian auspices, any more than war can be called a Christian idea or a thing for Christians to engage in. That Christ did not come into this world to help people it, but to help open the way for a new kingdom eternal in the heavens, in that great house in which are so many mansions. That Jesus cared as little about 'the world running out' and the fulfillment of the reproductive command to Adam as do his true consistent followers. They do not believe in the nonsensical bodily resurrection theory, nor in the absurd Atonement doctrine, or in the incomprehensible Trinity scheme, nor in that cruel relic of ignorance the Predestination humbug, which, like a great morass, sensible Presbyterians have for the past thirty years been walking out of and wondering the while how they ever got in there ! The Shakers do not think it a crime or a sin to marry or to bear children, but that a virgin life, or a life of celibacy, once they are in this world is the true Christian religion and that to live as they believe Christ lived is the proper way to gain entrance to the Heaven where Christ is the great pervading spirit and atmosphere of eternal spirit growth and spirit happiness. In short, the Shakers believe that all carnal indulgences must be broken off by mortuary process, or by the change we call death; that in Heaven there is no marriage or giv- ing in marriage : that all individual wealthgetting will cease; and that it is better to prepare for Heaven and these conditions now rather than wait till death and then he forced into doing that which will not be obtainable ¦except by what was evidently known by Christ as it is by those who understand the Spiritual Philosophy, as obsession, or an existence of the spirit outside of Heaven, and in reach and control of certain lines of mediums. In fact, there is much more to and of the Shaker religion than people have ever given credit for, and more about the Shakers to admire and reverence than there is about that religion which runs to miles of cornice, heavy mortgages, high spires and closed doors to the poor. 'Charity to all' is a corner stone of Shaker belief and here it is honored to the full. No time is lost in quarreling but consumed in improvement. The hungry are never turned away unfed nor the poor with cruel words. The Shakers admit no one to their family till he or she is acquainted with the tenets of their belief. As there is no chance for driving of bargains and robbing members of the society as in other churches they are not so raided on by hypocrites who want the trade of the brothers and sisters in order to sock it to them. No undue influence is used to attract attention or to secure converts. All who unite with the society does so of his or her own accord, except they be children given to them by parents. No fees, price or consideration ot property is ever offered or given to induce memberships. Those who are dissatisfied can leave at any time, as they want no service that is not free and voluntary in the fullest sense of the word. No wife or husband who believes in their principles can separate from an unbeliever and join them except by mutual agreement, unless the conduct of the unbeliever is such that the laws of the State and church would sanction such a separation. Whoever wishes to become a member of the society must first discharge all debts to his creditors and all filial heirs and rectify all wrongs committed by the applicant. Should these things not all be done in good faith, and there appear something afterward not settled for, the offender cannot remain longer in the society. But he society, as such is not responsible for the debts of any person before or after they become members, except by agreement, as such responsibility would be ruinous to the jeace and prosperity of the brotherhood or family. (TO BE CONTINUED.)