Review of Moral and Religious Progress. GILES B. AVERY. Culture, physical, moral and spiritual, requires effort, action, perseverance, continuity of purpose, determined and relentless energy. But, the tendency of the human race, in all historic ages, has been to weary of the efforts to sustain life, physical or spiritual. The development of moral character and soul life has been, like the development of science, a ladder climbing process. But human progress has been undulating. First a Noachian struggle for righteousness in generation, this was attained; then lost for want of continuous toil. Second, A moral righteousness was taught by the Mosaic law. This dwindled into a mere observance of ceremonies, tithe payments of mint, anise and cummin, but a 'neglect of the weightier matters of the law, judgment, mercy and faith.' Thirdly, A spiritual righteousness taught by Jesus and his disciples, this was closely pursued by conscientious devotees for several centuries; but, at length, this has been tortured into clinical creedism, and was found, expiring in the convulsive throes of revolution misnamed progress, Christianity, so called, became a misnomer, a mockery! The Christianity of history, compared with the Christianity of Jesus, is like rotten stone to the diamond. 'Christianity established by the crimson handed Constantine perpetuated by fear, force and fraud, inundated the ages with an ocean of gore! It set an autodafe in the world's tribunal, an insatiate monster, dripping with the blood of heretical martyrs.' Its priests, numbers of them by thousands, while preaching the 'beating of swords into ploughshares, and spears into pruning hooks'' have ministered to the powers of war, and been the Chaplains of armies, and even instituted their inauguration, that have spilled the blood of more than three hundred millions of human beings. Now, after 2,000 years of historical Christian civilization more than five millions of historical Christians are trained to adroitness of movements and skill in the art of murder- 102 THE MANIFESTO. ing their fellow Christians. Every so called Christian nation is groaning under an immense war debt, incurred by carrying on wars against other historic Christians.—The Christian world is dotted with forts to protect Christians from Christians. Every sea mottled with iron clad monsters to aid in blowing Christians up to their aerial heaven. Industry is crippled, honest toil robbed of rewards, beggary is taxed to defray expenses of historic Christian warfare. Creeds, dogmas and fables all have failed to save from sin and sorrow, war, strife, hatred and murder, the world of historic Christendom. And such is the distrust of historic Christian nations in each other, that one billion five hundred million dollars are annually expended, in so called times of peace, to support standing armies. The heathen of the fourth century of historic Christianity remarked, 'There are no wild beasts as ferocious as Christians who differ concerning their faith.' In the name of its God, the Christianity of history has produced every imaginable cruelty, men have exhausted their ingenuity to invent new methods of more exquisite torture to be practiced on Christians who differed from them in Christian faith.—Prisons and Penetentiaries are crowded with so called (Christian) criminals. Historical Christianity claimed divine authority for chattel slavery. It has practiced woman slavery for nearly two thousand years. It has nursed and provided for drunkenness and debauchery. Innumerable lies, hypocrasies and frauds in courts, senates, castles, tribunals, exchanges and churches. Adultery abounds in social, political, and mercantile life in all historic Christian lands. A modern minister, 'Beecher,' has declared 'All the frame work of society seems to be dissolving; on every side we find men false to most important trusts. The judiciary of some courts of so called Christians stinks like Sodom and Gomorrah.' No record is written in blacker characters than that of the seven centuries succeeding the reign of Charlemagne; he caused 4,000 Saxons to be put to death in one day, because they would not be baptized. The chair of St. Peter was filled by a succession of degraded Pontiffs, each worse than his predecessor.—' Viler than a Priest' was one of the common expressions of southern Europe, in the twelfth century. Those self-styled ''keepers of the gospel' sneered, secretly, at the teachings which that gospel contained. Both Catholic and Protestant historic christians have vied with each other in torturous persecutions for heresy. Nine millions of persons are computed to have been burned, hanged, or drowned for sorcery under the authorities of historic church domination. Seven thousand victims were burned at Treves by the Christians of history. And the Christian executions which took place in Paris are said to have been numberless. At the time of the black death at the town of Chinon in France, a vast trench was dug, filled with straw and faggots, and two hundred persons, men, women, husbands, mothers and children, thrown into it and burned to death by Christians of history. The historic details of murderous persecutions of Christians of history by their opponents of faith might be continued to a sickening, horrifying culmination of testimony and then fall short of the facts of the subject. Under these influences faith has waned from period to period, in the so called Christianity of the times, and submerging waves of infidelity and even atheism have ilowed forth intermittently upon the race, as a natural result of lost confidence in the so called Christianity of history. Fourthly, At length, Revivalists, of spiritual light, truth and Christian purity and power arose under the name of 'French Prophets' this was during the great religious revolution in the time of the Camisards, from 1702, onward to 171)5. These at length perished through ambition of notoriety and the love of worldly vanity and creature comforts. Fifthly, came Quakerism with its inspirations from the heavens ; its burning testimony against war ; the lusts of the flesh in generation; the ostentatious pride of position and power; the worldly glory of prelacy and monarchism ; the waiting on the spirit for inspirations in silence, all, at length dwindled into measurable lethargic sleep and indifference. Sixthly, and now, lastly, comes the Testimony of Christ's Second Appearing to re- THE MANIFESTO. 103 vive and renew the Christianity of Jesus, and his true disciples, and add thereunto the fulfillment of the mission of the Christ Spirit to earth's inhabitants,—full salvation from war, strife, and every lust of the flesh and of the mind; from all sins against the lawrs of God, and all the terrible consequences of sin. This testimony comes a shaker of all things that can be shaken, in spiritual warfares of the heavens and the earth, destroying all the vile passions of humanity; then follows songs of gladness, and dances of rejoicing, to arouse the dormant spirit and quicken the soul to a heavenly life. This testimony obeyed, brings to the soul eternal life in God; enables its votaries to live purely, peaceably, lovingly and communistically as Brethren and Sisters, possessors of the hundred fold blessings promised by the Son of God. Souls who have been baptized into the life of this testimony, into the faith, confidence; inspiration and salvation of this Christian Dispensation of God's goodness, mercy and love, and who become unfaithful to hs ministrations, and thereby die to its saving power and fall into a second death, from which, if there be any resurrection to a heavenly life, it has not yet been revealed. At present the religious world is in mighty throes of revolution. The dried fruits of mere Creed cease to vitalize the soul; the 'vicarious atonement' does not save souls from sin; nominal Christian profession and enrollment on the Church Record merely does not produce a Christian character. Infidelity is becoming rampant; Christian purity, peace and love are couchant. A prominent writer truly says, 'Society is on the eve of a moral interregnum Only a small minority of mankind will have anything to do with morals or religion. There is a class shouting that God's Priests and morals are on the brink of one common ruin. A bewildered class even inquire if human action is stable that is conformed to Christian principle!?' 'Just now the authority of supernatural or ethesiastical ethics is much less than it has been for some hundreds of years. Intelligent and free men, in and out of the Church are coming more and more to disbelieve that all in the Bible is infallible truth. Many things which both the Church (of historical Christianity) and Bible declare to be right the best part of the world now feels and declares to be wrong.' 'The best church people, in practice, do really select, modify, drop out of, and add to the express teachings of the Bible itself. The God character, (spoken of as a whole,) is now considered immoral, he orders a prophet to lie ; a city to be given over to pillage, rape and robbery.' 'The (historic) church has not taken its greatest concern for the practical conduct of its members. Institutional ethics are also out of favor. The transcendental theory of ethics is unsatisfactory. Beyond question, this is an age of transition. Old reasons are slipping out of hand!!' But what are left? 'If the motives prompting to morals and goodness are taken away men will cease to be moral and good ! These motives have been fear of hell, or love and enjoyment of Heaven. But, moral laws are as real, as natural as gravitation.' And, although, with most persons, this world has more weight than the next, yet, God's laws are immutable, and, the observer and obeyer of them has a covenant with life eternal, but, whoso sins against them is in league with death. The education of experience is the safe school of ethics Who would jump a precipice, ignoring the laws of gravitation after seeing a few people try it? The vices of the Roman Empire produced its destruction. So consummate the vices of an individual. All change is not progression; some of those changes now in operation result in digression from God's laws. The Bible, barring all irreverence, contains more substantial truth as a guide to humanity than all other books of the ages, and in a vastly more condensed and digestible form ; in fact, its delineation of virtuous principles is the foundation of all systems of morals and true religion, and, notwithstanding transitory conditions. Soul is again, and energetically, for the bread and waters of life! Christ angel hosts are marshalling to visit upon human society on the shores of time, a new baptism of life and love that flows from the eternal fountains of God. True Christianity is not a desert system of ethical scholasticism but a vital force of a true and new life ! The God of Jesus, and his Christianity is not a fitful hateful master 104 THE MANIFESTO. who saves us when Pie pleases, and damns us when He pleases, but the Faithful Rewarder of all who diligently seek and serve Him, bestowing upon all His blessings, and, in His merciful goodness, winning, by love, the unthankful and unholy, yet, in the day of His righteous decision, giving to each soul according as his works shall be. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.