So much I realize of the duties of a Christian... 'Gather up the fragments that remain, that nothing be lost.' St. John, vi: 12. So much I realize of the duties of a Christian, I am often left to wonder who can be passive, who can repose in ease, thinking apparently of nothing but their personal convenience and comfort! There probably was never a time in the age of man, when more was pending to preserve the spirit of progress and reform, when greater effort should be made to maintain eternal truths already revealed and reached, than the present. Thrones are tottering, dynasties being destroyed, governments being shaken, the sources of life,—stocks and public funds unreliable and last, but not least, the religious element, where, O where is it to be found only in name ! Approach Calvary or the cross of Christ, and priest and people are ready to pounce upon you with rancor and the rabid malignity of fiends. When destruction is near, the cry is peace and safety. When the foundations are rotten and principles corrupt, unrelenting is the heart and inflexible is the purpose to sustain them; and a powerful engine is raised, largely calculated to thwart the purpose of the Almighty, in His plan for the salvation of man ; in that, the adversary has cunningly established the Son of God in the God-head, as a part of Deity, too exalted in life and character to be imitated or followed ; that it is presumption to arrogate the right of profession strictly Christian or Christ-like, or to assume a name angelic ; and whoever attempts it, is an ascetic, a recluse, too rigorous in self-denial, a lunatic or a fool. When will man learn wisdom ? What but the principles of honesty and truth will preserve nations, maintain governments and become bulwarks of strength in the religious world? Ignore truth, even ignorantly, and we close the avenues of light and progress ; we step on dangerous ground, and under our feet burns a volcano ready for our destruction ; eruption is certain to overtake us and swallow us. What then is man's remedy ? It is to sacrifice the beast in ourselves ; to make offerings unto God of our first and best ripe fruits, not the useless and that.of little value. Let it be thoroughly understood that self is to be dethroned ; that our lives are not to be devoted to personal, family or private interest; but for our example, community interest was the pattern set in the Mount of God m the establishing of the first Christian church in the days of the apostles, which cuts off self in to to ; that the relation of husband and wife, although good in nature when its true order is not abused, is not in harmony with spiritual life. It is a natural order, established on an animal plane, having no place in the kingdom of Christ, the resurrection heavens, where there is neither marrying nor giving in marriage, where the subjects are as the angels, in every sense of the word, virgins in chaiacter; whose life is spiritual, higher than can possibly be found on the earthly plane, where its laws are natural and the operation of which produce only natural fruit. It is well understood, that the govern- THE MANIFESTO. 101 merit of this world must be sustained by natural laws. Its basis, if protective, are honesty and truth ; and when in its most perfect condition, in its highest moral state, it is an earthly government. But when we advance to the church of Christ, we come into and under the baptism of another spirit, into spiritual life, a resurrection from the natural, all good in its order, yet in its decree lower ; nor do we disclaim the rendering to Cagsar the things that are Caesar's ; yet, as after the example of Jesus, not participating in the spirit of the order, which is of the old creation and not the new. Thus being cut off from both fruitful and unfruitful works of darkness, having 'crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts,' the old man is doomed unto death and the new man, Christ Jesus is put on, and the subject becomes a new creature. This is the testimony of the gospel of Christ, and as I believe, the only redeeming quality in the economy of the heavens for the restoration of the human soul. It is the divine order, foreign to anything and everything of human instincts or animal logic, which neither time nor eternky can change. Therefore, to trifle with truth, in the purpose of God will avail nothing. Hence, to obtain the blessing of love and peace, our only alternative is submission to the will of our Father in Heaven, in which is to be found a satisfactory reward, equal to all the sacrifices of a carnal life ; yea, surpassing all the enjoyments found in nature. Enfield, N. H. Abraham Perkins.