NOTES. Whatever we may speak or write Whatever we may speak or write in reference to the subject of a religious life, it will invariably resolve itself into this simple formula. 'Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy inind, and thy neighbor as thyself.' The extended experience of some two thousand years in that which serves to civilize and educate the minds of men, will not, as yet, take us beyond the testimony that Jesus preached on the Mount. The meek, the merciful, the pure in heart and the peacemakers were to inherit the Kingdom of God. The doctrine was simple, easy to be understood, and was made of practical benefit to the disciple. His was a church without a creed, a divine service without formal ceremonies and the enjoyment of the Kingdom of God, even while he lived upon the earth. If we have accepted this testimony and are able to manifest it in our lives, in our buying and selling, in our conversation with, and representation of others, and in our general deportment before men, we may be able to let our light shine, that others by seeing our godly walk may be led to glorify our Father in heaven. Without this there can be but little effect for good produced by preaching any form of words or by publishing any amount of books. The time has gone by when men are expected to accept a system of religious views without investigation. There are tests by which to prove every thing that may be offered, and unless it harmonizes with the spiritual intelligence of the present day, it is left to waste itself away 'on the desert air.' With this knowledge our only hope as a Christian people must be in maintaining the principles of righteousness as found in the testimony of Jesus Christ. Separating ourselves from the world and its sinful practices, we must not lose sight of our obligation toward those whom we have left in the rear. Our happiness in a great measure depends upon the happiness of others, and to insure this demands a faithfulness to our gospel call. Our mission should be that of 'good news' which will inform the multitude, how they may obtain an hundred fold reward of houses and lands and of fathers and mothers in this world, and with this a divine promise of Eternal Life in the world to come. How often are we reminded of our religious How often we are reminded of our religious obligations I Professors of an order of spirituality as 'strait as straitness and as pure as the heavens ! !' Is it an active principle, and does it make itself manifest by an increase of good works? Passive goodness may do very wrell to look at as it steps gingerly along the way lest it soil its feet by contact with the earth, but can be of but little use in the warfare through which the Christian must pass on his pilgrimage to the Holy Land. Jesus has recommended us 'to watch,' but while we are watching we should at the same time be actively at work, and while securing our own redemption, faithfully and earnestly contend for the salvation of the children of this world. In this and with this THE MANIFESTO. 113 should be our prayers, for without an earnest prayer from an honest heart there can be but little hope. Our mission, although preparatory for the heavenly state, is a mission which belongs on the earth, and has largely to deal with the things of the earth. The voice of God through his servants has called us from 'darkness into light,' it has given us an inheritance which most assuredly belongs to the children of the resurrection, and to those who love righteousness and hate iniquity. The Christian has no time to squander in idleness, we must move onward and upward, away from the careless, coarse and vulgar practices of the world, whether in our language, in our action or even in our thoughts. Failing to do this we fail of accepting the testimony which is to cut us off' from the world.