THE WASTE BASKET-0R LABOR LOST. JAMES G. RUSSELL. Thus may it seem to thoe, but 'tis not so; All nojjle ends proceed from embryo. Through self-development thou must arise, And patient practice, fraught with sacrifice, Will bring to thee the gift so much admired, And which thy yearning heart hath long desired. Toil on, then, in the noble cause of truth, Through years of childhood into trusting youth, Act well thy part and do the best thou can, And thou wilt culminate—the living man. And even then though small creation be, The mental talents nature gayest thee, With all the aid development can lend, Thou fail to reach the much expected end, Remember that the stars that gleam on high, Have each their place to fill within the sky, And though their magnitude be great or small Eaeh shines, and shining, twinkles forth its all. No little orb despondingly with-holds Its gleam of light, but cheerfully unfolds Its brilliancy) and though it cannot be The ruling orb within immensity— The greatest in the constellation, still, It may be brightest, and its mission fill. Then earnest toiler, toil away with care : Let patience have its dwelling everywhere. If for the press thou toilest with thy pen, Be not discouraged,—try, O try again; Though oft the 'waste-basket' thy toils receive, Try yet again, do not despair nor grieve, Nor in thy weakness throw thy pen aside, And pen and press and editor deride. Take up thy pen and try thy labor o'er, And shouldst thou fail again, 'tis nothing more Than other minds have done, who since have moved The mental world and benefactors proved. The great Galileo—immortal light! How much he suffer'd for the cause of right. In mock humility thus forced to kneel, And truth's assertion shamefully repeal; Yet not disheartened as his words do prove, He rises, then proclaims—'The, earth does move.' Enough for sample of such sterling worth; Go thou and likewise do—a power on earth, A beacon light with firm persistent mind, To work for God by blessing all mankind. Enfield, N. H.