PUNCTUALITY. ARTHUR THEOBALD. The positive necessity of punctuality cannot be too strongly enforced. As a matter of business, it assumes an importance not to be overlooked. As a Christian virtue, we are 108 THE MANIFESTO. not, perhaps, so apt to view it, or, if we do, we are negligent in regarding it. Nevertheless, its importance, both as relating to every-day business affairs and as touching the Christian character, are too evident to be slighted. Concerning business, the loss consequent to tardiness is sometimes as great perhaps, as that resulting from carelessness or any other similar cause. Too often has property been destroyed, life and limb endangered, and in many instances lost, consequent to the lack of this mostnecessary accomplishment. The most important business and the best laid plans, have often failed on account of individual neglect in this ..respect. Five minutes in a crisis is worth years. Upon them may depend the fortunes of individuals, or the happiness and prosperity of nations. As a Christian virtue this should receive due attention. We have no right by our neglect, to place another in any position or circumstance, in which we ourselves would be unwilling to stand. Our negligence to keep appointments may cause others to fail in their duties, thereby bring censure, and even punishment upon them, which we should by right receive. The neglect of a minute may cause anguish, which we would scarcely wish to meet; but for which, we would justly be held responsible. The loss of a moment may cause the loss of a soul. We cannot calculate the result consequent either upon our promptness or its opposite. To gain the good of the one and avoid the evils 01 the other, there is clearly but one way, to do now the duties of the moment without hesitation. In this, we have the example and precepts of our Savior. He fully understood and appreciated the value of the present moment. His sayings ring with the declaration, that, 'Now is the accepted time,' and his example is none the less marked. He said, 'Take no thought of the morrow,' that, in doing oui duties now, we might be unencumbered by any fears for the future. His words are jus as true noAv, as they were eighteen lrandrec years ago. His example in the right, is jus as valuable now as it ever was. It has beer remarked, that 'Punctuality is an angel virtue.' While we may reasonably look with some satisfaction to the progress and civilizaion of the present, let us not despise the cachings of the past. The sages of ansometiquity have left us a valuable store. They have gathered together and recorded the fruits of their lives, and let us profit by this experience. If there is anything to be avoided one mportant evil is procrastination. If there as any accomplishment to be cultivated it is punctuality. Enfield, N. H.