House and Farm CARE OF GRINDSTONES. The following rules should be observed in the care of grindstones. 1. Do not waste the stone running it in water, nor allow it to stand in water when not in use, as this will cause a soft place and consequent uneven wear. 2. Wet the stone by dropping water on it from a pot suspended above the stone, and stop off the water when not in use. 3. Do not allow the stone to get out of round, but true up with a piece of gaspipe or 'hacker.' 4. Do not leave the stone out of doors in the wind and weather, as this hardens it and makes it less effective. 5. Clean off all greasy tools before grinding, as grease or oil destroys the grit. 6. When you get a stone that suits your purposes, keep a' sample of the grit to send to the dealer to select by, as this is the way you can always secure one that suits. Mechanical Journal. TO CLEAN MIRRORS. Take a newspaper or part of one, according to the size of the glass. Told it small and dip it into a basin of clean cold water; when thoroughly wet squeeze it out in your hand as you would a sponge, and then rub it hard all over the face of the glass, taking care that it is not so wet as to run down in streams. In fact, the paper must only be completely moistened or dampened all through. After the glass has been well rubbed with wet paper, let it rest for a few minutes, and then go over it with a fresh, dry newspaper, folded small in your hand, till it looks clear and bright, which it will almost immediately and with no further trouble. This method, simple as it is, is the best and most expeditious for cleaning mirrors, and it will be found so on trial—giving a cleanness and polish that can be produced by no other process. Cleaning Brass. The Government recipe for cleaning brass, used in the arsenals, is said to be as follows : Make a mixture of one part common nitric acid, and one-half part sulphuric acid in a stone jar ; then place ready a pail of fresh water and a box of sawdust. Dip the articles to be cleaned in the acid, then remove them into the water, after which rub them with sawdust. This immediately changes them to a brilliant color. If the brass is greasy it must be first dipped in a strong solution of potash and soda in warm water; this cuts the grease so that the acid has the power to act. The Manufacturer says that rusted steel can be cleaned by washing with a solution of half an ounce of cyanide potassium in two ounces of water, and then brushing with a paste composed of half an ounce of cyanide potassium, half an ounce of castile soap, an ounce of whiting and sufficient water to make the paste. Conwall Reflector. BALANCING ACCOUNTS. Every man, whatever may be his business or condition, should at least once a year ascertain, as nearly as possible the value of his property, and an effort should be made to set- lie all open accounts as often as once a year; once a month is better. The first of January coming at a season of the year when the farmer has more leisure, it is a good time for him to look over his accounts, and collect and pay his bills as far as possible. Long unsettled accounts often lead to hard feelings, hard words, and the severing of friendship ; it is therefore best to settle accounts often, even if the balance canno tbe J&gt;aid. If one must owe it is better to owe it to one or two persons than to owe it to a large number in small unsettled accounts. There are many advantages to a man to know, at least once a year, just how much he owes, and how much he has owing to him, and also if his property has diminished or increased, during the year; if he finds that it is less than a year ago it will lead him to economize and to put forth greater exertions the coming year, that the balance may be on the right side: it will also lead him to review the management of his farm, to discover if possible a more profitable way to conduct it; this review may open his eyes to many little wastes which had not before been thought of. The farmer in looking over his property, to estimate the value of each article or animal will have his attention called directly to it, and by comparing with last year's value he will know better how well he has managed during the year; if it be a piece of land he will estimate what has been the improvement, or how much it has lost, and if an animal, its Talue compared with last year, will be a reminder of what has been his success in feeding it. In estimating the value of farm property, permanent improvements should be considered by themselves and added to the capital stock as well as to the profits of the year. The condition of the buildings should be considered ; if no repairs have been made the Talue should be estimated as much less than the year before, as the average yearly cost of repairs, if repaired, then the cost of repairing should be added, less the averaged yearly cost of repairs. The farmer cannot spend one or two days in a year to better advantage than to carefully look over his property and estimate its value, at the same time recording it, so as to be able to compare it with what he may possess another year. Tribune and Farmer. Washing Fluid. —Take five pounds of sal-soda, one of Borax, and one of unslacked lime. Dissolve the soda and borax in one gallon of boiling water; then pour them both into eight gallons of cold water ; stir it a little and let it stand all night. In the morning pour off the clear fluid for use. For two pails of water use a half pint of the compound ; soak your clothes over night, rubbing soap on the soiled parts. Wring them out and put them over to boil in water containing soap and fluid. After boiling fifteen minutes, take them out into cold water, and suds and rinse them. Don't be afraid to boil the clothes before they are washed; it will not hurt them. Mix a little carbonate of soda with the water... Mix a little carbonate of soda with the water in which flowers are immersed, and it will preserve them for a fortnight. Common saltpeter is also a very good preservative. The yellow stain made by the oil used on sewing machines can be removed if, before washing in soapsuds, the spots be rubbed carefully with a bit of cloth wet with ammonia.