BALANCING ACCOUNTS. Every man, whatever may be his business or condition, should at least once a year ascertain, as nearly as possible the value of his property, and an effort should be made to set- lie all open accounts as often as once a year; once a month is better. The first of January coming at a season of the year when the farmer has more leisure, it is a good time for him to look over his accounts, and collect and pay his bills as far as possible. Long unsettled accounts often lead to hard feelings, hard words, and the severing of friendship ; it is therefore best to settle accounts often, even if the balance canno tbe J&gt;aid. If one must owe it is better to owe it to one or two persons than to owe it to a large number in small unsettled accounts. There are many advantages to a man to know, at least once a year, just how much he owes, and how much he has owing to him, and also if his property has diminished or increased, during the year; if he finds that it is less than a year ago it will lead him to economize and to put forth greater exertions the coming year, that the balance may be on the right side: it will also lead him to review the management of his farm, to discover if possible a more profitable way to conduct it; this review may open his eyes to many little wastes which had not before been thought of. The farmer in looking over his property, to estimate the value of each article or animal will have his attention called directly to it, and by comparing with last year's value he will know better how well he has managed during the year; if it be a piece of land he will estimate what has been the improvement, or how much it has lost, and if an animal, its Talue compared with last year, will be a reminder of what has been his success in feeding it. In estimating the value of farm property, permanent improvements should be considered by themselves and added to the capital stock as well as to the profits of the year. The condition of the buildings should be considered ; if no repairs have been made the Talue should be estimated as much less than the year before, as the average yearly cost of repairs, if repaired, then the cost of repairing should be added, less the averaged yearly cost of repairs. The farmer cannot spend one or two days in a year to better advantage than to carefully look over his property and estimate its value, at the same time recording it, so as to be able to compare it with what he may possess another year. Tribune and Farmer.