CONVICTION. MARTHA J. ANDERSON. They who are strangers to the spirit of conviction, have nut taken the first steps in spiritual advancement. We: may become so wj apped in materiality, that the supersensuous realm of the soul, is barred to the ingress of those divine illuminating influences that quicken our perceptions of right and wrong, and reveal to our inner consciousness, the sins and imperfections of the common heart and life of humanity. We may close our eyes to the light, and blindly imagine that there is no sin or error hidden from sight; our past history bears no stains or mars of wrong doing, for we have walked in the straight line of absolute right; and, fondly clinging to the idols we cherish, still grope on in the dimly lighted way of self appointed duty and pleasure. But, how dark our path seems at times ; how confused and clouded the realm of thought; how uncongenial our surroundings, and how imperfect all beside ourselves. ' We think, feel, judge and act, in consonance with that loftv. 110 THE MANIFESTO. self-poised pharisaical spirit, which ever proves detrimental to the soul's progress. Measuring ourselves—not with 'Truth to the line and righteousness to the plummet,'— by the standard of mortal frailty, we seem to have attained a good degree of perfection; to have advanced beyond the masses in knowledge and enlightenment. We may see and denounce the great evils of society at large, and shun participation in those glaring vices that sink mankind below the level of the brute creation ; but, let us go back to the causes of evil; let us search out the secret springs of thought, feeling and action, welling up in the nature of us all, and we will find occasion for self-criticism. Superior conditions and surroundings may have changed the current of our impulses and desires, and made it easier for our better nature to assert itself, yet have we not ail the germs of evil in our hearts? Is there not some cause for reproach and condemnation? And, Roman-like in spirit let us not fear to meet ourselves in righteous judgment. The mere recognition of wrong, is not sufficient ; the wise man and woman welcomes the spirit of conviction and repentance; in God's light, before His true witnesses, they stand confessed and humiliated; but, in this humility, they feel true exaltation. 'Strive with thyself, that striving is not vain, No good comes forth save by the throes of pain.' The soul that fails sternly to battle wuh itself that good may rise paramount to evil— answers not the grand design of its existence. If our life and character are made conformable to the divine type manifested in those who revealed the fullness and perfection of the Christ spirit; we must be partakers of their struggles, temptations, sufferings and death. We must cease to tiiink, feel and act from the old Adamic plane of being, we must become regenerate, spiritual men and women, drawing our life elements from angelic spiritual centers of truth. Joy unspeakable awaits the soul, when, true to its relationship with eternity, true to its truth and integrity, true to its innate promptings, it claims to be heard even against itself, and boldly chastises when wrong has been done ! When conscious that its errors have been of its own choice, it applies without shrinking, the just deserts which reason demands. 'Such shall triumph over error even in time; and, in the glorious future, will be numbered with those who stand upon a sea of glass ;' transparent in soul and character. 'These are they who have come up out of great tribulation, having washed their robes white in the blood of the Lamb' the life of Christ. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.