Letter Box. Dear Elder Abraham;—I have wanted to write to... West Pittsfield, Mar. 6, 1883. Hattie Dear Elder Abraham;—I have wanted to write to you a good long while. I am learning to work and to read. I can sing too, I have learned lots of songs. I like my nice home, I have such good times. I have learned fourteen verses in the Testament and said them in prayer meeting. I guess you won't think very queer for a little girl to write you a letter, for little girls do write letters and I have read them in the Manifesto. Please be real glad to get this and my love. Hattie.—Age, 7. P S. Please, I wrote this myself. Dear Sister Caroline;—I thought perhaps you would like a... Shaker Village, May,1883. Dear Sister Caroline;—I thought perhaps you would like a letter from your little girl. I will tell you what I do. I knit and sew and play when I am not in school. I am trying to be a good girl. I have learned to mark letters in linen since I have been here. It is very useful, because I can mark the children's clothes. I take music lessons every day with one of my little mates. Sister J. is our music teacher, and she has loaned me a book that tells all about music, and I am going to learn it through I go to school every day. I study music and read and write. I have six companion?. Please give my love to Sister M. A. please tell her I am going to be a good sister. Your little girl. L. Horton.-—Age, 10. THE TOAD. The toad is a very useful little animal. It is called the gardener's friend. We ought never to kill a toad for it catches the bugs and insects which destroy the plants. At night after he has got all he wants to eat, he digs a little hole and gets into it and stays there till morning and then comes out and gets something to eat. We had shingles put beside the hills of squashes so we could kill the the squajh bugs ; they get under the shingles over night. I had to go around every morning and take a stick and kill the bugs. Once I was going to kill the squash bugs I saw a little toad under a shingle, he had dug a little hole and got in it. I let him stay there. Another time when some of the boys and myself were weeding peas we caught a toad, we picked it up and it made three little noises which sounded as if he said, 'let me go,' and we let him go. Forest.—Age, 12.