Books and Papers Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Phrenological Journal and Science of Health, April; Contents; Wagner and Dore, with portraits, On the St Lawrence from Clayton to Montreal, Illustrated, Character of Ladj' Macbeth, A True Ghost Story, A newCephalometer, Illustrated, William C. Bryant and his poetry, Illustrated, Getting used to it, A Dutch Lady Doctor, The Trance State, as related to Seasickness and Surgery, Kitchen Leaflets, Notes in Science, ete, etc. Fowler and Wells, Publishers, 753 Broadway, N. Y. One copy, one year $2.00. Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Journal or Health, March, Contents; Rheumatism, Economy, Cold Feet, Laws of Health, Simple remedies, Digestibility of Coft'ee and Sugar, Analysis of food, Dangers of Phosphones, etc, etc. E. H. Gibbs. A. M. Editor. 135 Eighth St. N. Y. Terms, $1,00 per. year. The Herald of Health The Herald of Health, April, 1883; Contents; The treatment of Criminals, Cooked, vs Uncooked, Water, Running as an Exercise, Dyspeptics and the Sick, The good Health Society, Studies in the hygiene for women, etc, etc. Pub. by M. L. IIolbrook, M. D. 13&amp;15 Laight St. N. Y. $1,00 per year. The Homiletic Monthly The Homiletic Monthly for April contains the usual collection of Sermons— and the discourses are mostly men from whom the clergy like to hear. Among them are Bishop Simpson, Canon Farrar, Dr. John R. Paxton, Dr. R. S. Storrs, Dr. II. W. Thomas, Dr. Ormiston, Dr. Joseph Parker and Mr. Spurgeon. Rev. L. O. Thompson furnishes a 'Prayer-Meeting Service' for each week in April. Dr. Howard Crosby continues his series on 'Important Texts.' Dr. Wm. Ormiston begins a careful and scholarly 'Commentary on James,' and the Baptists are represented by Drs. R. S. McArthur, Bridgman and J. B. Thomas. Rev. Chas. Parkhurst tells 'Why the Manuscript should be Retained.' $2.50 a year; Funk &amp; Wagnalls, 10 and 12 Dey Street. The St. Louis Magazine FOR TEN CENTS. The St. Louis Magazine now in its 14th )7ear, is replete with illustrations, stories, poems, timely reading, a carefully prepared fashion article, and in short, is the best magazine for its price published East or West. Sample copy sent to any address for 10 cents. Address Jas. Gilmore, 213 North 8th St. St. Louis, Mo. This paper and the St. Louis Magazine sent one year for $1.10. MR. HEAPHY'S GHOST In compliance with the emphatic recommendation of Hon. L. C. Draper, of Wisconsin and a numerous list of correspondents, we have issued in pamphlet form, the remarkable account of spirit visitation published in last week's Journal under the title of Mr. Heaphy's Ghost. It is now printed on heavy tinted paper, making a neat tract for general distribution and preservation; and will be sent to any address at 5 cents for a single copy, ten copies for 25 cents, twenty-five copies for 50 cents. It is a splendid thing to scatter among your friends.