House and Farm CARE OF GRINDSTONES. The following rules should be observed in the care of grindstones. 1. Do not waste the stone running it in water, nor allow it to stand in water when not in use, as this will cause a soft place and consequent uneven wear. 2. Wet the stone by dropping water on it from a pot suspended above the stone, and stop off the water when not in use. 3. Do not allow the stone to get out of round, but true up with a piece of gaspipe or 'hacker.' 4. Do not leave the stone out of doors in the wind and weather, as this hardens it and makes it less effective. 5. Clean off all greasy tools before grinding, as grease or oil destroys the grit. 6. When you get a stone that suits your purposes, keep a' sample of the grit to send to the dealer to select by, as this is the way you can always secure one that suits. Mechanical Journal. TO CLEAN MIRRORS. Take a newspaper or part of one, according to the size of the glass. Told it small and dip it into a basin of clean cold water; when thoroughly wet squeeze it out in your hand as you would a sponge, and then rub it hard all over the face of the glass, taking care that it is not so wet as to run down in streams. In fact, the paper must only be completely moistened or dampened all through. After the glass has been well rubbed with wet paper, let it rest for a few minutes, and then go over it with a fresh, dry newspaper, folded small in your hand, till it looks clear and bright, which it will almost immediately and with no further trouble. This method, simple as it is, is the best and most expeditious for cleaning mirrors, and it will be found so on trial—giving a cleanness and polish that can be produced by no other process. Cleaning Brass. The Government recipe for cleaning brass, used in the arsenals, is said to be as follows : Make a mixture of one part common nitric acid, and one-half part sulphuric acid in a stone jar ; then place ready a pail of fresh water and a box of sawdust. Dip the articles to be cleaned in the acid, then remove them into the water, after which rub them with sawdust. This immediately changes them to a brilliant color. If the brass is greasy it must be first dipped in a strong solution of potash and soda in warm water; this cuts the grease so that the acid has the power to act. The Manufacturer says that rusted steel can be cleaned by washing with a solution of half an ounce of cyanide potassium in two ounces of water, and then brushing with a paste composed of half an ounce of cyanide potassium, half an ounce of castile soap, an ounce of whiting and sufficient water to make the paste. Conwall Reflector.