WRITING ON THE SKY. ALONZO G. HOLLISTER. As the sky is the greatest extension of outward sight and contains the highest visible objects, tlr's writing is designed to treat of the highest things of intelligence, which is internal consciousness, or inward sight. If it induces any who fancy they see the best things at a distance, or far in the past or future to investigate shakerism, as a light bringing the best things to our own doors, the purpose for which it is intended will be answered. The doctrine of the supernal life, if we are rightly informed, was made known to Buddha the sage of India, in answer to his searching desire to know and remove the cause of pain. Both Buddha and Jesus taught that though it is an object of hope to all, and the path thereto is open to all who choose to travel therein, it cannot be attained without a total sacrifice of interests in the lower life, and a vigorous and persistent prosecution of the object by whoever would win it. Agonize to enter in at the strait gate said Jesus, 'Strait is the gate and narrow is the way that leadeth unto life.' Jesus and his immediate followers taught that the obtainment of that life was a matter of first importance 'For what will it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose his own soul, or what will a man give in exchange for his soul.' Without it, they were not only liable to perish from the divine source of life, but their greatest glory, beauty and happiness could never be complete, nor their appointed destiny fulfilled. Yet only a select portion of mankind were deemed able in that age of the world to enter upon it while in the birth sphere, and these, according to Paul, 1)8 THE MANIFESTO. constituted the elect and first fruits of the harvest, which implied more to follow. Only that select portion could be the disciples of Jeous, according to the terms laid down by him, which were in essence and practical effect nearly the same as those taught by Buddha for attaining Nirvana, and those who accept the terms with a clear understanding, find that the conditions of success are not arbitrarily imposed, but are determined by the character of the prize sought. Hence, when the professed followers of Jesus ceased to comply with the conditions required, all their supposed knowledge of his doctrine and the supernal life, became 'a mere hypothesis of knowledge, something to be argued about in their schools, not practiced, but floating in clouds, in endless logic vortices,' until the required conditions were again fulfilled by an illiterate woman, urged thereto by irrepressible longings to free herself from that depraved nature, through which the will is captivated, and temptations to wrong doing find access to the soul. Ann Lee owning Jesus Christ as her head, Lord, and teacher, while laboring to know and remove the cause of man's loss from God, (a loss which man's conduct makes too evident to be rationally disputed,) revived anew the law and doctrine of the supernal life, with such advances in its application to earthly conditions as the growth of centuries, the different customs and habits*; of thought among the people to whom her message was directed, and its adaptation to the common mind and the equality of the sexes, demanded. Ann was one of a group of souls, like minded, prepared as tinder to kindle with fire thus again brought down from heaven, and through their agency, and the co-operation of the Holy Spirit, the age of the seventh trumpet, and the woman clothed with the sun, which typifies divine light, has been ushered upon the earthly stage. We are not solicitous herein, to glorify mortals nor to exalt a sect, but to draw the attention of weary, waiting, watching ones to living realities and accomplished facts. The sage of Chelsea voiced a wholepome admonition- when he remarked that 'The crime of being deaf to God's voice, of being blind to all but parchment and antiquarian lubrics when the divine hand writing is abroad on the sky, certainly there is no crime which the supreme powers do more terribly avenge.' It will doubtless be avenged by allowing such criminals to wander long in their own delusion, and finally, by their exclusion from a forward position in the adjustment of the age which said voice and hand writing prelude. As when Jesus told certain confident opposers 'The publicans and harlots will go into the kingdom of God before you.' For John came to you in a way of righteousness, and you believed him not, but the publicans and harlots believed him, yet you having seen it, repented not afterward. Ann once instructed her hearers thus, 'Go and testify to the world that Christ is reigning on the earth, and that he has sons and daughters, and the world know it not because they do not confess and forsake their doleful abominations.' Many have been convinced by studying the prophetic numbers of Daniel and John, that the time has expired for the things there predicted, to take place, and some have admitted that the everlasting kingdom of God may be somewhere be- THE MANIFESTO. 99 gun, though out of their sight. Daniel referring to the time of the end, says, 'Many shall be purified, made white, and tried, but the wicked shall do wickedly, and none of the wicked shall understand, but the wise shall understand.' Now as immoral and wicked conduct does not disqualify people for observing and understanding external and natural phenomena, while it does prevent them from comprehending spiritual causes, we have intimation in this passage that the changes and evidence attending the presence of that kingdom, are of an internal and spiritual character, and therefore cognizable only to spiritual perception. Hence, Jesus' repeated charge to watch, lest that day come upon you unawares. If they were sufficiently raised in spirit to hear the voice and read the hand writing now abroad on the sky, if they were not deceived by a false hope and satisfied to remain where they are, they could not long be in the presence of that kingdom without discovering and making their way into it. Buddhism as a philosophy and rule of life would seem to have been a good preparation for the doctrines of self-denial Jesus taught. The renunciations and crucifixions in either system, were much like those of the other, in essence and in the results proposed, though differing somewhat in external routine, the Christian routine being easier because more helpful, useful, and less solitary than the Buddhist discipline. Shakerism is not distinct from pure Christianity in the end sought, and the sacrifices demanded by it, being a new edition, revised and adapted to the present age of progressed thought. Buddhism is at present attracting great attention from scholars and liberal thinkers because of its literature, language, and antiquity, and the influence these are supposed to have exercised upon the growth of human ideas and conduct. Many are so prone to ascribe a natural cause for all existing ideas and developments of thought and conduct, they seem entirely oblivious of the fact that there has been at intervals, communication to man from an intelligence guperior to mortals as evidenced in its power to predict what mortals could not foresee ; that the inmost essence of all human beings is from a divine source, and that whenever through the struggles of the creature to overcome the barriers of sense and unfold in the highest light of its God given dower, the divine germ is allowed to freely expand in its own native element, it always asserts the same general principles of purity, gentleness, humility, self-sacrifice, patient willingness to serve, serenity, rectitude, harmony, and enlightened intelligence, whether in Jesus, Ann, Buddha, Plato, or any who look to them as teachers. The light of primitive Christianity having been obscured by a base substitution, which claims the name and authority, and seeks to secure the advantanges of the genuine by hearing the sayings ot Christ and doing them not, notwithstanding Jesus said, as if to forestall this very perversion, uNot every one that calleth me Lord shall enter into the kingdom ot heaven, but whosoever doeth the will ot my Father in heaven.' Shakerism is a return to deeds, and possesses the same efficacy through the co-operation of the Holy Spirit, to transform the inward life, regenerate and purify the soul, and raise it to asionian or eternal life, as had primitve Christianity, and the eight fold path of Buddhism, 100 THE MANIFESTO. and this too while discharging the ordinary duties of earth life, and performing the reciprocal offices of society in communion with kindred spirits in the body and out of the body Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.