JAMES DANIELS. HENRY C. BLINN. The subject of this sketch was born in Nottingham, N. H. Aug. 17, 1767. His father Samuel Daniels was from Madbury, Mass, and his mother, Betty Noble, from Portsmouth, N. H. On his sixteenth birthday his parents gave him liberty to visit his brother Samuel tor one month, as he had till this date remained closely at home with his father and mother. Samuel Jr. had already a family of his own arid lived in the town of London, N. H. A journey from Nottingham to Loudon, in those days, was quite a heroic undertaking for a boy of sixteen years of age. The distance was some thirty five miles and a considerable part of the way was through a dense wilderness. He, however, commenced the journey, on foot and alone, with a seeming bravery, that dared any encounter with man or beast. He soon found it a great favor when he had the good fortune to obtain a ride for a few miles on the horse or ox-team of any farmer who chanced to be driving toward the home of his brother. Although he consummated the whole journey without meeting with any accident, yet the hooting of the owls and the howling of the wolves made it a time of excitement and constant fear. On reaching the residence of his brother, he found that the family were not at home, but as James was so excited from what he had met and exhausted from the long journey that he ventured to enter the house, and hide himself under the bed-clothes, that he might be free from those frightful noises that had followed him since he left his own home in Nottingham. On the return of the family THE MANIFESTO. 105 they were much surprised to find James in the house as they had not learned of his arrival. After a visit of some three or four days his brother Samuel gave him information concerning the Shakers, who had visited Loudon and had held meetings in that place since the year 1782. As James knew nothing about the Shakers, he concluded to make them a visit and see for himself, but as he had no especial interest in any of the religious denominations, week after week passed away before he accepted the opportunity. In the month of October, 1784, the Shakers appointed two meetings to be held at the house of Stephen Sutton, in the town of Loudon. James made arrangements to attend the meeting but was obliged to go without any company. Long before he reached the house, he could hear them singing and shouting, and soon learned that they were engaged in a powerful revival. Having no acquaintances in the place, he did not venture into the house, but remained near a window where he could see and hear those who were engaged in their religious devotions. James returned to the house of his brother with very favorable impressions in regard to the Shakers, although he had, as yet, formed no acquaintances, nor even conversed with any of the members. He attended the second meeting, and on this occasion was noticed by Elder Henry Clough who very kindly conversed with James and advised him as only a gospel father could, to take up his cross against the sins of the world. Elder Henry at th?. same time gave him an invitation to live with the Believers, but this offer James declined. He subsequently informed Elder Henry that he wished to weigh the matter thoroughly before he could determine what he had better do. Elder Henry said, 'That is perfectly right,' and commended him for his decision. This time he related all the circumstances of the visit to his brother Samuel, and admitted that he loved the Believers and their manner of life, but had not decided to live with them. A few weeks later he called on Elder Henry and before the close of the interview he made an honest confession of his sins to God, before a witness. As James did not wish to return to Nottingham, his brother Samuel and Stephen Sutton had an interview with the parents, and urged that he should be allowed to remain in Loudon. The father sternly objected for some time, but finally agreed to let James remain with Samuel for two years provided this older son would give up a note of $30 which he held. James worked for his brother till he had cancelled the obligation and then engaged himself to other parties. Soon after this by the request of his parents he returned to Nottingham. For the next year he lived most of the time in his father's family. The religious impression which he had received from the Believers was now a test of his faith. He became convinced that he must serve God for himself if he would keep his separation from the world. It was the custom of the Believers to knetl in silent prayer before and after each meal. With the consent of his parents, and in the company of his brothers and sisters who had no sympathy with his religious conviction, he would kneel all alone in silent prayer, at every meal. 106 THE MANIFESTO. So often as he could make it consistent he visited the Believers in London and attended their meetings which privilege obliged him to make a journey of 35 miles. James received a severe rebuke from his father on account of the step he had taken, as his parents endeavored to persuade him to change his religious views. A family by the name of Barker who lived in the town of Warner became acquainted with James and made a journey to Nottingham to see if they could make an agreement with the parents and hire James to work for them the next two years. As they were professed Shakers James was anxious to accompany them home. For his services the Barkers agree'1, to give the father eighty acres of land. James went to Warner to see the property and then made a report to his father. As the offer proved satisfactory Nathaniel Barker made out the papers and sent James with them to see Elder Henry and ascertain his mind concerning the agreement. After Elder Henry had heard the whole story, he advised James to remain with his father, till he was of age and publicly to bear the testimony of a Shaker. James, however, became the apprentice of Nathaniel Barker for two years, and was engaged most of that time as a cooper. When Nathaniel Barker and his family moved to Enfield, N. H. James accompanied them to that place. In December 1788, Chase Wiggin of Canterbury visited Enfield, and on his return James accompanied him, and entered the family of Benjamin Whitcher. While at Enfield James had learned the house carpenter's trade under the direction of Moses Johnson. Our record informs us that he was engaged in the framing of nearly every building that was raised in Canterbury during a term of some forty years. For twenty years he officiated as a family Deacon and was one of the moct faithful and devoted members in the society. He was a man of few words but always encouraged those who were young to be faithful and honest and never to mar a good name. He died Dee. 2G, 1851, at the age of 84 years. Canterbury, N. H.