Select Beloved Editor :—If the enclosed curious item meets your... John Whiteley AN ITEM FOE THE CURIOUS. Beloved Editor :—If the enclosed curious item meets your approbation, please insert. If the City is of such vast proportions, what must the country be? :Vnd, of course, if 'the things unseen are known and understood by the things that are,' the inhabitants will want a change. Be it as it may, it is, no doubt, Just right. Yours for heaven as it is, John Whiteley. Shirley, Mass. Feb. 1883 THE DIMENSIONS OF HEAVEN THE DIMENSIONS OF HEAVEN 'In my Father's house are many mansions.' Jesus. 'And he measured the city with the reed twelve thousand furlongs. The length, and the breadth, and the height of it are equal.' Rev. xxi, 1(3. Twelve thousand furlongs, 7,920,000 feet, which being cubed, 49(i, 793,088,000,000,000, 000 cubic feet. Reserving half of this space for the throne and the court of heaven, and half the balance for streets, we have the remainder of 121,198,272,000,000,000,000 cubic feet. Divide this by 4,096, the cubical feet in a room sixteen feet square, and there will be 30,321,843,750,000,000 rooms. We will now suppose the world always did and always will contain 990,000,000 inhabitants and that a generation lasts 33 and one third years making in all 2,970,000,000, every century, and that the world will stand 100, 000,000 years or 10,000 centuries making in all 2,979,000,000,000 inhabitants. Then suppose there were one hundred worlds equal to this in number of inhabitants and duration of years, making a total of 297,000,000,000,000 persons, and there would be more than a hundred rooms sixteen feet square for each person. Selected CONFESSION AND EXCUSES One honest confession is worth a dozen plausible excuses, but it is harder to get one confession made than twenty excuses. Confessing faults leads to forsaking them. Making excuses often leads to lying to hide faults ; and the road is a very short one from excuses to evasions, from evasions to deceptions, and from deceptions to downright falsehoods There are some men who seem to start out with the supposition that they cannot do wrong, and hence, no matter what they have done or are doing, they must find some sort of excuse or justification for it. It wouldbe far wiser for them to start with the supposition that they cannot do right, except by special help from the Lord; and that the wonder in their case is not that they have sometimes done wrong, but that they have ever done anything but wrong; then, with this understanding, they have only to confess their faults, repent of their wrongs, and pray God to help them do better for time to come. A wrong confessed can be forgiven, but a wrong that is patched and plastered over with evasions and excuses only excites our disgust and contempt for the man who will not see his faults, or, if he sees them, will not own them. Especially is this true when men make great professions of righteousness and purity, while at the same time they are guilty of acts which a decent sinner would scorn to perform. For the sake of keeping up their profession and reputation for sanctity they will, after doing things that no honest man ought to do, evade confession and refuse reparation, until men lose all confidence in their intelligence or their integrity. How much better it is in an honest, manly way, to say, 'I did the thing: I believe it was wrong; I am sorry for it,' than it is to go wandering around the point with all the flexibility of the crooked serpent, excusing what we cannot deny and evading what we are unwilling to confess, till our moral nature is corrupted and we become so accustomed to deceptions and misrepresentations that we are incapable of telling the truth as it is. Christian To live long it is necessary to live slowly To live long it is necessary to live slowly. A BEAUTIFUL LEGEND [Contributed by G. B. A..] A BEAUTIFUL LEGEND. A charming tradition is connected with the site of which the Temple of Solomon was erected. It is said to have been owned in common by two brothers, one of whom had a family; the other had none. On the evening succeeding harvest, the wheat havingbeen gathered in separate shocks, the elder brother said to his wife : 'My younger brother is unable to bear the burden and heat of the day; I will arise, take my shocks and place them with his without his knowledge ' The younger brother, being actuated by similar kind motives, said within himself: 'My brother has .a family and I have none; I will contribute to their support. I will take of my shocks and place them with his without his knowledge.' Judge of their mutual astonishment when on the following morning they found their shocks, undiminished. This course of events transpired for several nights, when each resolved to stand guard and solve this mystery. They did so, on the following night they met each other half way between their respective shocks with arms full. Upon ground hal lowed with such associations as these was the temple of Solomon erected—-so spacious and magnificent, the admiration and wonder of the world! Alas ! how many in these days would sooner steal their brother's whole shock than add to a single sheaf.