SENSUAL. The materialistic spirit of the age appears to have made its way everywhere. People whom we would least suspect are brought under its influence. The Shakers are a sect which has separated itself from the world for the avowed purpose of securing the greater sanctity of its members. They live in communities by themselves. They do not even live in the marriage relation. The men and women dwell apart. A friend of ours, some years ago, was in the employ of the Shakers. The Elder who was in charge of the establishment reproved very sharply any men in his employ whom he found smoking. A while since my friend met this same Shaker, puffing away at his cigar. 'How is this,' he exclaimed. 'What does this mean? You smoking?' 'Yes,' replied the Shaker, 'I do not know anything about the other world, and so I am going to get all the enjoyment out of this I can.' Dr. Redfleld used to say that if any get to Heaven from a city which he named, he would be like Lot going out of Sodom, a bright particular star when he got there. It would seem as if the remark might be applied to this age, when a leader among professed ascetics finds his consolation in such a low grade of sensualism as smoking tobacco. — The Earnest Christian. We clip the above from a religious magazine that the Brethren may see in what light they are at times represented before the world. It is, to say the least, a sad picture. We should pity any Shaker who would unblushiugly make such an admission. To be a Shaker, means to dedicate soul and body to God, and in this we can do no better than to regard the advice of St. Paul, 'Whether ye eat or drink or whatsoever ye do, do it to the glory of God.' If we should allow ourself to stand on the street corners or in public places poisoning the atmosphere with the fumes of tobacco, we fear we should be a little shaky in trying to make any one believe it was all 'for the glory of God.' To turn to the smoking of a pipe, or to the chewing of tobacco, with the idea of obtaining even a worldly enjoyment must be a very low estimate of human happiness. For forty years the Shakers have more or less directly advised all their members to abstain from the use of tobacco, in every form, and we have all reason to be thankful for their successful efforts in this direction. As all of our accessions are from the ranks of the world it has been found to be a difficult matter to maintain, as would be desirable, such a worthy spirit of reform. The universal use of tobacco has its influence in a Shaker Society, as well as in the Sunday school, or in the church or even in the pulpit. The physician who uses tobacco does not hesitate to prescribe it for his patient, and an intense desire for it is frequently transmitted from the parent to the child. When the temperance people can reach an elevation high enough to be able to abandon the filthiness of tobacco as they urge upon others to abandon that of alcohol, a new and a better day for religionists will dawn upon the world. H. C. Blinn.