COME UP HIGHER. ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE. Many and profound are the problems of human life to be solved in the coming future, which can only be done as events transpire and living issues arise to call forth deeper thought, and changed or enlarged action. We may do +iie work of our day and time faithfully, and answer the demands of a good conscience, and leave broad fields of labor for incoming generations ; and they in turn may do the work of their day and close their eyes upon its setting sun ; but other suns will arise and new days will follow in succession and there will yet be work enough to be done. At the present, we see multitudes— lured by passion and pleasure-seeking, getting wealth by stealth, heaping up earthly treasures at the expense of others, THE MANIFESTO. 123 that they may live in luxury and ease, and revel in sensuality and intemperance, which fill the land with incest, legalized adultery and infanticide, to an alarming extent, so that many are fearful lest the earth become depopulated and deluged with crime—unless a higher standard \&gt;2 raised, and trumpet-tongued ministers arise who will not fear to declare the Avhole truth, and testify against the gross sins of this demoralized generation ;—and they cry out in dismay 'Help, Lord, for the godly man ceaseth.' If the great evils in society were confined chiefly to the poorer and more ignorant classes, it would seem more hopeful and pardonable. As it is, the more educated and wealthy, who are honored by men, and move in the higher circles. are as deeply imbued, as the lower classes, and who by their money and influence, hire and persuade many of the orthodox clergy to preach smooth things that will fall pleasantly up°n their ears, and will not prick their consciences. Thus the priests and the people are found wallowing in the ditch of sin and shame together. The indwellers in God's spiritual house which in the ages long ago, was seen in vision by the prophet Isaiah, that woulc be established on the top of the mountain above all hills—and which prediction is now being fulfilled—look out upon the broad expanse below and see myriads of toilers in the fields of mora and physical reform, inspired and aidec by spirits in spheres above them ; but who have not as yet risen above the generative plane into the Christ, or Resurrection heavens, working diligent ly to uplift the lowly, and as far as they have sight to see—to 'destroy the cover ing of iniquity—cast over all nations,' ind show them a better way ; but it will )e a long time before they will be able o see and walk in the most excellent way. The extreme Sensualist most be rebrmed by degrees. Inebriates, who lave lost all self-control, and become callous to conscience and reason, are difficult to reach ; through the faith and by the prayers of othei-s, they must be reformed, if at all. The aspiring bloodthirsty warrior, whose ambitious desires for military fame and glory, blunt all moral sensibilities, so that he will not listen to the voice of his own conscience, nor heed the entreaties of friends, who would persuade him to desist from doing acts, which only demons should perform, if any ; but all such solicitations avail little. When wars cease, there will be less crime ! Reformers have a difficult task to perform ; but they are doing a good work. We find an illustration of the ladder which Jacob of olden time saw in vision, which reached from earth to heaven. The ascension from low to higher conditions, must be by progressive steps; and by persevering effort it will be effected. Woman in her sphere is acting a noble part. In the cause of Peace and Temperance, she works diligently. She lifts her voice against legalized prostitution, and is bold to affirm, that it is no better in the sight of God and Angels, than when out of wedlock ; that woman has a-right to her own person, and that man has no right to rule over her. And furthermore, that the marriage institution should be used, as originally designed i. e. propagation ; not for sensual gratification ! But we claim, that the highest standard of moral ethics that can be raised on the natural generative plane, is not the- highest possibility of attainment, even while dwelling in mortal form ; that there is still another ladder that may be climbed ; that there is a spiritual destiny awaiting human souls ; and when the top-most round of the ladder is reached which Jacob saw, then a proper and firm foundation is laid for a still higher ascension into the resurrection heavens, towering above the generative plane and above the hills or religious organizations which rest upon that basis ; where marriage iv. its highest form is not found ; but the angelic lift is attained. To those Avho are able to hear what the spirit saith, the call is, ''Come up higher into the Christ sphere, where the heavenly Bridegroom and Bride—in a dual capacity—-work harmoniously together, and the heavens are filled with God's glory and praise ! Mt. Lebanon., N. Y.