Selected BUILDING UP CHARACTER. The truest life is that which dares to stand ia the street in broad day light. The truest and holiest religion is that which shuns no selfrevelation, and never so sharply as now did the universal world demand that all that is most sacred be also most open. Spiritual seances that can be held only in the dark are distrusted. A religion that has no victories, save those of the closet and still hour is discounted. Let men bow in worship as they will behind colored lights, when they emerge from the low doors they at once pass into the presence of unsparing light. The world turns all its electric flashes up- on them. It would know how they live and act, how they walk and talk, and it severely discounts or utterly rejects all inner raptures that cannot be translated into honesty, integrity, courage and kindness, not only must our religion bear this day light test, not only must it submit to rude, unsympathetic measurements by people who cannot understand what is best in it, but it must demonstrate its capacity to grow not only in the church but in the street. It expects most sensitive spiritual feeliugs will take root and flourish in the crowded ways. Amid the storms of temptation it wants to see us anchor the more firmly in divine truths; and little compassion is there for a Christian who in any gale must strike his colors. To meet such tests so unrelentingly applied to Christian conduct, there must be deep, true Christian experience, and that can be secured not in the rattle of the street, not in the whirls of business, or tornadoes of temptation. Religion is indeed an action, a heavenly progress, a great sympathy with men, a vast brotherhood that sends us swiftly toward our kind, but behind these its high endeavors is the place of communion with self and with God, and for this more time is needed than is usually given. Spiritual feeling can come in the flesh. Tears can be extemporized. We can get pathetic or jubilant on the wave of an occasion. A revival or a providence may bring us these like a dash of rain, but the growth of religious character must come through the truth apprehended by the patience of the mind and that undisturbed reflection which does not come in the hurry of the day, but at its solemn evening. We live in a time when truth is thrust upon us. So we become indolent to personal search. We imagine we can take it on the wing, that enough to serve us will filter into our life without personal effort. But only the truth sought in secret becomes bread to the soul. Astronomers sailed half around the globe to make one observation of the transit of Venus. So if we seek for the truth, and in the silence of the night wait for its disclosures, it wculd be to us a wealth of experience and so a strength of character which can endure the tests of temptation and criticism. Elmira Sunday Telegram,. EXAMPLE. We scatter seeds with careless hand, And dream we ne'er shall see them more; But for a thousand years Their fruit appears, In weeds that mar the land, Or healthful store. The deeds we do, the words we say, Into still air they seem to fleet; We count them ever past; In the dread of judgment they And we shall meet. I charge thee by the years gone by, For the love's sake of brethren dear, Keep, then, the one true way In work and play, Lest in that world their cry Of woe thou hear. John Keble