TRUTH. FLOYD C. FIELDS. I thirst for truth: truth which eternally shall stand, 'Twill bear the test, in every age. in every land, Principles which are eternal, which can never die, Truths which are irrefragable, ah, for these I sigh. Truths which we can realize, and know that we are right, Truths by which we can face all, and fairly win the fight, With truth upon our banner, we its glory will unfold, For truth to us more precious is than honor, fame or gold. Truths given by the Infinite, great Father of all right, Who always was and always is— grand Center, love and light. Imperishable truths which evermore shall stand, Though storms may beat and floods may surge on every hand. Yea truths that shall eradicate false theories of old, And dogmas, void of reason, which the superstitious hold. And though it causes anguish for the priesthood of our land Let vs do our own thinking and for truth we'll take a stand. Some doubtless have been honest, these old fancies to maintain, Yet others have proclaimed them to enrich themselves with gain. But sorely has been deadened, cramped, the growth of many a mind By using not their reason, the grand truths to seek and find. The mind of man—the great and crowning work of all, Why! nature 'thout a mind, the universe would fall! Without a mind we would become e'en worse than naught; Without a mind no valued treasures could be sought. Treasures of knowledge, gems of truth,—sublime and grand,— Of principles upon which earth's foundations stand. Jewels of light transmitted from the eternal sun, Grandeur of intellect, by which all truths are won. May truths sublime illuminate our very soul, As mysteries we fathom of th' eternal whole ; For knowledge, wisdom, finite man can soon impart, If at the fount of truth he sips to take the stai't. As superstitions, dogmas, errors, fast will pass away, Soon universal free thought will the scepter sway. So let us gird the armor on of progress and of right, And we'll march on to victory equipped with truth and light, Yea we will shout the vict'ry when the battle's won, And Truth, our banner, then shall shine as doth the sun. While in progression we'll continue still to rise, Far in the ambient air of the eternal skies. Union, Ky