THE MYTHICAL 'SHAKER BIBLE.' J. M. Roberts :— Much Esteemed Friend :—We observe in Mind and Matter of 10th inst., a paragraph in a lecture delivered by Annie T. Anderson, in St Louis, Mo., on January 28th, which says : 'The sect of Shakers have Mother Ann's Bible. They do not pretend to need any other.' etc. As this statement is entirely erroneous, it is due the public that it should be corrected, as it is calculated to prejudice and mislead many minds. To meet this misstatement directly, we must say the Shakers never had any different Bible from that of all other professed Jewish and Christian denominations,—the translation of King James ! The story of the Shaker Bible is a rehearsal of an old remark that was probably originated some seventy years since to deride a book written and published by the Shaker's Society in 1810, entitled, 'Christ's Second Appearing,' being a general review of all church history, with quotations and criticisms, together with a statement of the principles of religious light and faith, which had been revealed to, and accepted by the people called Shakers at that, time. This work has undergone some four revisions. Neither this book, nor' any other book written and published by the Shakers, is a Bible in any different. sense than the writings of John Calvin, Martin Luther, George Fox, John Wesley, or George Whitfield, may be called Bibles. Its testimony is not a creed; the Shakers have no creed, in the ordinary sense in which that term is used,, that is, a fixed boundary of religious ideas and supposed revelations of truth beyond which there is no further revela- tion of light and truth, and duty. But the Shakers believe in a continuous revelation of Divine light and truth. That all truth is eternal, and its plenary revelation to man may require infinity of ages and cycles of progress, arid, that true Christianity embraces the whole of it, and the Shakers believe that they have need of the whole of it, instead of as Annie T. Anderson says, 'They (the Shakers) do not pretend to need any other Bible.' O, yea, Annie, the Shakers claim to need all the truth ever revealed to man, through any and every means ! The Shakers'book entitled 'Christ's Second Appearing,' was presented to Thomas Jefferson, when he said, 'I have read it through three times, and I pronounce it the best Church History that ever was written, and, if its exegesis of Christian principles is maintained, and sustained by a practical life, it is destined, eventually, to overthrow all other religions.' Annie tells the people that 'Shakerism is already failing to establish that elysium in Shaker fields it was revealed to do a half century ago.' No failure at all in this, Annie ! Those who truly and faithfully live the Shaker Christian life, do find a present salvation from sin and its consequent sorrows, and eventuate in a power of redemption from the nature of sin. The Shakers never anticipated, nor proposed to the world an unruffled 'elysium' until all souls are redeemed from sin and its consequences, and garnered into the kingdom of God. This was our Mother Ann Lee's testimony, 'sufferings in the Church will never cease until all souls are redeemed to God,' it is a demonstration of true Christian sympathy. The Shakers find true the declaration of Jesus, viz., 'The Kingdom of Heaven is like a net cast into the sea, that gathers of every kind, which, when it is drawn ashore, men gather the good into vessels, and cast the bad away.' Now, while these bad fish are in the net, they make trouble among the good fish ;—retrench on the 'elysian' fields of the wood and true, so that a true Christian Saint, a real virtuoso, comes up through great tribulation to be clad in white robes of redemption, and garnered into the Kingdom of God. Nevertheless, :n the congregations of the true Saints of God, who really live the Christ life, there is a very present heaven and a prepared Heavenly Mansion in that 'House not made with hands,' in the eternal Kingdom of Glory. Giles B. Avkkt. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.