TRIBUTE TO GOSPEL FRIENDS. CATHARINE ALLEN. When contemplating the joy and ever unfolding glory, with which our Zion Home is rife, my heart fills with praise to the Dispenser of all good, and turns with thankful emotion to those whose sacrifice for truth in past and present time, has ultimated in this beautiful heritage ; particularly to my older brethren and sisters of the Household of Faith, to whom I am indebted more immediately for the blessings I share. To them I would pledge to dedicate my life, sincerely and fully, to the principles they teach by precept and example, trust- ing that although a small offering for so great a boon, it will be acceptable ; as I realize that it is only through consecration, that any talent or gift.—however valuable in itself,—may be serviceable in the house of God, where all are called to crucify selfishness in every form, and where the fires of vain ambition for personal glorification, must be quenched by the baptismal waters of pentecostal love. In the true community relation, which sprung from, and can only be maintained in this gift ef ever expanding love, all useful labor is redeemed from the blight which monopoly, class and caste have thrown upon it; and of whatever name or nature, is made alike honorable to those upon whom different branches may devolve. It is the motive, and devotion to the Cause, far more than the amount apparently accomplished, which yields benefit and blessing to the individual member, or collective body. In this united capacity, where all are bound by sacred covenant to live for, and serve one another, there is in reality no gift or honor, that does not belong equally to each member of the body, proportionate to that sacrifice of self, which identifies the person with the Cause, and keeps open the a emits whence good gifts are given. Thus I am prompted to write, by no means as instructing those whose life works bespeak these sentiments, but as expressive of that faith, which I humbly feel is leading me step by step away from error, into the sphere of those mortals, and immortals, who have freed their souls from its chains, and can worship God and live for truth more fully than J am yet able to do. I am continually helped and blest by the ministrations of faithful souls, who have been willing to pay any price to save from the grasp of those who would gladly draw to earth, the snowy banner of Virgin Purity, which now waves aloft in the sunlight of the resurrection spheres and is an ensign to the nations, of peace and liberty from the thralldom of sensual passions. They claim my reverence, affection and gratitude ; this I would prove by earnestly striving in obedience to the inward conviction that calls me to the same beautiful, soulredeeming work. When the curtain of retirement is lifted, and we look for a moment on earth's restless throng, how repulsive and painful many of the scenes which unbidden rise before the vision, of political and social organizations, discordant with the laws of God and of nature. Crime in high and in low places ; poverty, ignorance and distress ; wild irrational pleasure-seeking through selfindulgence, reckless of consequences here or hereafter. Do not angels weep as they look down upon such, knowing how much suffering must be borne ere they find releasement from the chains thus forged in the fires of passion? But earth is not all shrouded in darkness. We gladly recognize many who are nobly struggling against foes within and without, that the laws of justice uud truth may be established in the councils of nations and in the hearts of the people. All reformers, in whatever field, are bringing nearer the Millennial day. When I catch glimpses of the work of God in its future unfoldings, I feel an urgent zeal to do my little part earnestly and faithfully in the practical acceptance of the truth revealed to-day, although it calls for much sacrifice ; remembering that the seeds of the harvest we are reaping, have been sown in tears, and nourished by the Mood of martyrs ; and that thus we must sow for others to reap. We mark upon Time's dial-plate, as the hands move round from space to space, how the prophets' words aglow with inspiration, uttered long centuries ago, and the visions of seers in their most exalted seasons, all radiant in glory are now being fulfilled. The prophets' fire still burns in the hearts of many in our own midst; and still bright visions thrill the souls of those who look with Faith's clairvoyant eye to the increase of the future, and around are angel messengers, prompting to deeper devotion, and more self-denial, which alone can open the portals to new degrees of revelation . Mount Lebanon, iV'. Y.