REPLY, NO. 1. ANNA ERVIN. Respected Friend;—Your welcome letter is received. It is always our desire to treat with respect the enquiries of upright souls who are struggling for light. It is our prayer that you may yet find a conviction of the truth of those things, which are now a stumbling block to you. We suppose from your remarks, that you are convinced that a life of purity and holiness is the only means whereby man can find acceptance with God, and that whatever may be his profession of religion, he cannot gain redemption from evil short of bearing fully the cross of Christ. We will not dwell now on this subject. We hope to be able to offer some remarks respecting the appearance of Christ in the order of the female, which may relieve your present difficulties. To the candid inquiring mind there has ever been on this matter a fruitful field of thought. You probably suppose that we worship the woman, Ann Lee. But such an idea is quite erroneous, and arises because sufficient attention has not been paid to our explanations. We worship neither Jesus of Nazareth nor Ann Lee, but the Creator alone. All nature goes to show that the Deity is dual, male and female. Both the animal and vegetable kingdoms are dual, and even in the subtle element of electricity and in the earth of our globe we find the dual principle, positive and negative. St. Paul declares that 'the invisible things of Him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead.' Eom. ii. 20. We see in nature that, for the purpose of reproduction, there must be male and female powers, so do we see, according to the Apostle's declaration, that for God to produce anything He must possess within Himself the elements of male and female powers. This, indeed, is clearly expressed in Genesis, i. 27. 'God created man in His own image; male and female created He them.' Those who have been brought up to consider God as a stern Father, will find it a refreshing thought to learn that there is a new revelation of God on the earth as a loving, heavenly, Mother, This grand idea being once firmly grasped, a revolution will shortly be produced in the religious opinions of the sincere. From an arbitrary being dispensing rewards and punishments on account of a belief or disbelief of the mind, thereby condemning millions of human beings to eternal misery merely on account of ignorance, or from disgust at the evil lives of professing Christians, we turn to view the pleasing character of a Divine Father and Mother, giving to every one, Jew or Gentile, professing Christian, open heathen or atheist, 'according as his works shall be.' Rev. xxiv. 12. Thus after death all will find themselves in that degree of happiness or misery which their works have earned, but with capacity to progress. Beliefs or disbeliefs are nothing towards salvation or condemnation, save as such beliefs lead us to live in a virtuous or vicious manner. Yet we do not require those coming among us to believe immediately as we do ; but require them to be virtuous. Having stated our reasons for belief in the Motherhood as well as the Fatherhood of God, we will proceed to point out our views respecting the appearance of Christ in the order of the female. Christ, in our view, is one who is anointed. The Jewish Kings were anointed with oil, frequently by a recognized prophet of God: as for instance, Saul, David and Solomon, as the supreme head of the Nation. This was typical of the spiritual anointing which Jesus would receive. The fullness of time having come, the law as an educator having done its work and produced a man of intelligence sufficient to receive, digest, and work out into his life a superior degree of enlightenment as to the nature of man's separation from his Creator and the means of his return, Gal. iii. 24., the man Jesus was selected to be anointed with the Divine Spirit. Under the influence of these inward spiritual experiences he came to see that the cause of man's unhappiness was his selfishness, and his independence. Jesus by his punctual observance of every requirement of the Jewish law, and his willing subjection to his parents, he fitted himself to become the recipient of deeper spiritual truths. By the humiliation of his spirit, the judgment he was under, like other natural men, was taken away. Acts, viii. 33. He was, as St. Paul has stated, continually in 'cryings and tears' to his Creator, Heb. v. 7, that he might gain understanding and be endowed with strength to carry into practice the light he received. It was opened to his understanding that the restrictions of the law on the works of generation were, in the kingdom of heaven on earth, to find their legitimate consummation in extinction. Other matters gradually opened to his understanding, which avc have not space to mention. He tenaciously held every unfoldment of the Divine mind to his understanding. He did always those things which pleased his Heavenly Father. John, viii. 2!). He became entirely dependent on the divine will. John, v. 30. As he proved his obedience he continually received evidences of divine approval and divine support. (To be continued.)