Letter Box Dear Children;—Pure thoughts, virtuous deeds, and a clean conscience... Enfield, Conn. Dear Children;—Pure thoughts, virtuous deeds, and a clean conscience, are of priceless worth. Sinful thoughts are germs of sinful habits, and if allowed to take root in your minds, to spring up and grow, they will produce bitter fruits of grief and condemnation. Sinful thoughts, if not erased, will tell on your future destiny. The adversary will fill your minds with bad thoughts and suggestions, if you do not resist them. It is often easier to receive bad guests than to expel them. Evil deeds are produced by evil thoughts. Shun poisonous thoughts, as you would shun poisonous reptiles. If you entertain impure thoughts, you will illustrate them in your lives. Keep evil thoughts at bay. 'God is not in the thoughts of the wicked.' Uproot all sinful inclinations. 'One thought upon another, shapes every life at will; one deed upon another, tells a story, good or ill.' 'Good thoughts are excellent company.' If your thoughts are pure, your lives will be spotless. Purity brings sweet refreshing thoughts—jewels and gems of wisdom. You can possess the power to cherish good thoughts, and to dismiss bad ones ; to encourage those that raise you up, and discard those that draw you down. It is as necessary to turn from evil thoughts, as from evil books, and evil companions. Let your thoughts be such as will blossom and bear good fruit. Let your thoughts be refining and soul-elevating; thoughts that will find their highest use, in being wrought into lives of unselfishness, truth and purity. Your Brother, Daniel Orcutt. THE DOG. In the barnyard there is a dog and it is a Shepherd dog. This dog will sometimes bite and sometimes he will not bite. He is kept to drive the cows home from the pasture. One day my Grandmother sent her dog to the store before he had his breakfast with a basket and a note m his mouth. And when he reached the store the man took the paper and the basket, and gave it to him ; and when the dog got out of the store he smelt meat. He let go of the basket and ate the meat all up. When he reached the house, Grandmother took the basket and looked in the paper and found it empty. So she went to the store and asked the man if he had read the note, the man said, he had and had given the dog what was called for, which proved to Grandmother that the dog had eaten the meat all up, because she had sent him without his breakfast. H. Mansir.—Age, 10. H. Mansir