Sanitary In the year 1851 I begged Senor Ermeneta, the proprietor of some of the richest mines in Chili... In the year 1851 I begged Senor Ermeneta, the proprietor of some of the richest mines in Chili, to send some specimens for the great exhibition as samples of Chilian wealth. He forwarded me two large stones, one weighing three hundred and fifty six pounds, and the other three hundred and forty nine pounds and told me that perhaps the strength of the miner who excavated these masses, and brought them from the mine, was as striking as the richness of the specimens themselves. Both stones had been taken from a depth of more than three hundred feet, and had separately been borne on the shoulders of a man, he having to ascend, not by ladders or other aid, but by climbing up the nearly perpendicular slope of the mine. The food the miner lives upon is an interesting subject to physiologists. His chief diet is the haricot bean, and without this nutritious vegetable he could never get through the work required of him. The beans are boiled until they are quite soft, and eaten with bread. Extract from a letter by Frederic Field, in Herald, of Health. Herald of Health HOI AND COLD DRINKS. A correspondent of knowledge calls attention to some of the disadvantages of hot drinks. Cold drinks are natural to man, though most people now adays are so used to hot drinks that they do not feel satisfaction— really stimulation—unless they have them. Hot drinks are injurious to the tongue, for they deaden its sensation, and, after taking hot soup or drink, the tongue becomes quite numb and unable to taste the finer flavors of a dish. The teeth are greatly injured by them, and many dentists say caries (decay) is due to them alone. They crack the enamel and thus allow caries to set in. When caries has once set in, hot drinks are a common cause of Deuralgia. Hot drinks are specially hurtful to the stomach. They cause irritation of the nerves of the stomach and consequent mild inflammation of that organ, so that after a hot drink the stomach is red and congested; in time a debilitated condition is set up. A temperature of 100 degrees Fahrenheit also destroys the active ferment of the gastric juice—pepsin—and so leads to indigestion. If the stomach is at all disordered, hot drinks give rise to much griping pain, and in many cases to vomiting. In cases of diarrhowi, too, hot drinks only increase it, while cold ones tend to lessen it. Thirst is not common in winter, unless sugary, saity or hot spiced foods have been taken. In cold weather the air contains more moisture than in hot, and in cold weather there is less perspiration. Hot drinks increase the volume of heat in the body, and if that is not required, it is quickly got rid of by the skin. Water is the best thirst-quencher, but if simple food be taken, the need of drinks will be small. Many vegetarians drink nothing from month to month, the only fluid they get being the juices of the fruits which they eat. But pleasant drinks, like tea, coffee, etc., may be taken lukewarm for a long time with little apparent damage. The least injurious is cocoa, made with plenty of milk, and allowed to stand until nearly cool. A good test is to apply the little finger to the drink, and if it be not hot to it, then it may be safely taken. Selected.