Visit to the Shakers M. M. Pomeroy [From Pomekoy's Demockat.] VISIT TO THE SHAKERS. BY M. M. rOHEKOT. (Continued fkom last number.) It is also a principle of the Shakers that children who are faithful and obedient to their parents until they become of age are justly entitled to their equal portion of the estate of their parents whether they remain with the society or not. If an unbelieving wife separates from a believing husband, the husband must give her a just and reasonable share of his property before he can become a member, and if they have children who choose to go with the mother they must not be disinherited by the father on that account. In their family discipline industry, temperance, frugality, kindness of speech and regard for others are essential principles. So one who is able to labor can live in idleness or on the labor of others. Even the Elders, Deacons and Ministers are required to perform some manual work according to their abilities, when not engaged in other necessary duties during the hours set apart for labor. Children taken here are kindly and lovingly cared for, taught and educated, but if they are not satisfied or prove to be ungrateful, quarrelsome and unfit associates with the well-disposed they are kindly sent away. As these children grow up if they are not reconciled to the faith, order and method of management of the society, they cannot remain as members, but are by the trustees or officers quietly advised to depart. The temporal affairs of the society are committed to trustees duly selected by the Elders and Ministers, and are invested with the legal fee of the estate belonging to the family. All of the property of the society is in their charge, and all they do in a business way is in behalf of and for the benefit of all concerned, and not for their private use. But no person, no matter Avhat his position, can contract debts of any kind in behalf of the society. The leading authority is invested in a Ministry, generally consisting of four persons two brothers and two sisters of the society. These must deserve and then they receive the general approbation of all. By the very essential principle of the combination no creed can be framed to limit the growth of ideas or progress of improvement. They believe in the great truth that Divine light, that is, disposition to mental growth is unlimited. Thus whatever of gifts or talents each person has, it is their duty to improve to the fullest possible extent. No corporal punishment is permitted. Reason is the guide and conscience the judge. Better religion than this no man can have. There are classes of this society. First, or Novitiate, are those who receive the faith, but choose to live in their own families and manage their own temporal affairs. Any who choose can thus live and be owned as brothers and sisters in the faith, so long as they honor its requirements. But in such cases, and they are numerous, parents must be kind, loving and dutiful to each other, shun what is evil, provide for their family and bring their children up respectably, etc. They can attend worship as Believers, and if they are out of debt can make d nations to the society. This is a degree of honesty never yet reached by Christian churches, so-called, as they strive to obtain gifts or donations from all, no matter if what they thus receive may, by right, belong to some starving creditor. That taking to a church that which, by right, belongs to some one else, is robbing. Religious robbery, but still it is robbery, or stealing away from one person that which belongs to another. On the day of our visit we find the family of about 130 members in good health. We were shown into a neat reception room and kindly welcomed. A little bit of a stove not larger than a hand valise gave out steady warmth. The floor of the room was painted yellow, and was cleaner than half of the dishes at ordinary restaurants. All about on the floor were little rag carpet mats under the rocking chairs and for the feet. There were books in the library, attractions all about, neatness everywhere and such an air of quiet and loving rest that here an angel might camp forever and never be ruffled. In the corner of the room was a neat wash stand water, towels, etc. The windows are so arranged that wooden blinds are lifted up so as to exclude all of light and cold if need be, day and night. From the reception room, by invitation, we visited the office and other rooms in this building to find the same degree of comfort, order and cleanliness. Then we crossed the road andwent into the 'village,' enclosed by neat, well kept up fences. Here we found a printing office with a few pleasant-spoken, industrious girls therein at work, but with time to chat a moment. Brother Blinn and Mary Whitcher, who has been with the society about fifty years were our cicerones. They showed us the way to Brother Blinn's sanctum and curiosity shop wherein are to be found hundreds of curiosities of the mineral, mechanical and other kingdoms, including old-fashioned pipes, smoking tongs, warming pans, candlesticks and such odds and ends of bric-a-brac relics of the past. Then we visited the large family dining room where sixty persons can be seated at a time beside the long table. The vinegar cruets hang suspended over the tables, while the backs of the chairs are so low that they are stood clear under the tables. In the bakery we found two sisters in charge. They arise at five in the morning, and have their work out of the way about noon. For four weeks they have charge herei do the baking of bread, cakes, pies, etc., as wanted for the family, then go into some other department while two other sisters are selected to fill their places. This work is alternated, all take a hand in, and nothing becomes irksome. In the kitchen, as in other rooms, is the same regularity and comparative lightness of labor. The cooking, table service, domestic labor, laundry work, etc., is all thus done in order, and the newest and best appliances are to be seen on every side. In the store room we saw rows of pies, cakes, loaves of white bread, brown bread and goodies by the bushel. There is a place for everything and everything in its place. The wood boxes are built into the walls like closets, with trap doors to them close by the stoves, so that no wood, splinters or dirt is seen. In the various buildings and rooms we found the sisters at their several avocations, cheerful, neat, pleasant-spoken and industrious. Some were making, some were mending—-all were at their industries. In the lecture room were three or four young girls from 18 to 17 years old, practicing singing to an organ accompaniment. They have hours for work and hours for recreation, such as visiting, talking, reading, music, etc., etc. fty nine o'clock all are off to bed and peace reigns supremeThe men and boys work in their shops, take care of the stock, get up and get in the fire wood, do choree, help each other and grow up with the family as useful members thereof. They have about forty good cows, with horses and other stock, all fat, sleek, contented. There is no yelling, pounding, clubbing, whipping, maltreating and swearing at horses, cattle, or other occupants of the premises. They make money by the sale of produce and productions, expend it in useful articles, such as books, papers, improvements of various kinds, and are well to do generally. The men dress plain and comfortably like prosperous farmers but are not confined to one color of cloth. The women all wear little lace caps, uniform in style, dress generally in gray, have their furs, mittens, heavy wraps, etc., etc., and quite often goto Concord and other places in company with some of the Elders or Trustees, to see what is going on, purchase needed articles and have a day of relaxation. After a pleasant and busy visit of about three hours here, mostly spent in asking questions and receiving straight-forward, direct, honest answers—after seeing more and more in their religion and daily walk and conversation to admire and to take in as good example, we bade our kind friends and hosts adieu, and in a little more than an hour after leaving the quiet Shaker village, were again in our room at the hotel in Concord, thinking and writing of what we had seen, heard and learned. Thus ends what we now have to say about these excellent people.