The voice of Jesus was the voice of love... The voice of Jesus was the voice of love {'or humanity ; it was the spirit of goodness, and hence, the voice of God. It prays with us and for us ; it exhorts, admonishes and encourages us as none hut a divine teacher would be able to do. live that their good works, their honesty, their Vindness and their brotherly love might be seen, and through this others might be led to glorify God. He has warned us against the appearance of saint-ship, against an affectation in religious duties and tells us that we may cry, 'Lord! Lord!! wonderful works have we done in thy name,' and yet he will, at that same time, protest,— 'I never knew you.' We hear the word, are interested in it it would seem that the truth of and feel assured that we shall walk and Christ's word and life must be thoroughwork by the spirit of the testimony. ! ly impressed upon the mind. The disJesus has told us that his disciples are {ciples may even be righteous, and the tlua light of the world, and we accept all | promise of receiving a righteous man's that he condescends to say in regard to reward must have been very satisfactory, those whom he has chosen, or to the sacred work into which they are called. tie would have them spiritually minded, because that brings life and peace. He hag said to them that men who do not bear the cross that he bears, or who despise the yoke that he wears, love but Jesus passes beyond this in his determined effort to establish the kingdom of God. Your righteousness, in whatever form it may be found, must excel that of the Scribes and Pharisees ; it must be a better righteousness than is found among darkness because their deeds are evil. | the children of men or you cannot enter a close fellowThis certainly should be a warning to those who would be with the disciples and yet try to maintain ship with the world. The testimony of Jesus was light, and Hus light is the revelation of God. It reveals in all clearness the works of man, whether they be good or whether they be evil. Nothing can be concealed. If is like a city that is set on a hill. If we accept and maintain it, we have life ; if' we neglect it, death is inevitable. In this city and among these disciples, Cod and his works only, should abound, lest we bring a reproach, and evil eyes are not slow to detect what belongs exclusively to their order. This was so apparent that Jesus exinto the kingdom of God. We do not wonder that he was impressed to say, the way is so narrow*, but few are able to find it. It was a new way, leading out from the old inheritance of selfishness, and from all the relations that makes of us 'one flesh.' But people generally, preferred the established, old way, the broad way where they could buy and sell and accumulate treasures for this world. Jesus lived to see but very few who chose to pass into the kingdom through that 'strait gate.' Generation after generation have passed away since that date and yet the same life-giving testimony of Christ is held up before the world through hope that some may be horted those who walked with him to so | saved. The cross does its work no less effectually, and the light shines no less clearly in the heart of every true disciple, to the condemnation of all evil.