Letter from a Venerable Shaker [To the Editor of the Religio-Philosophical Journal:] Letter from a Venerable Shaker, My attention has been called to a message purporting to come from Ann Lee. My experience has been such that I place no confidence in the message, believing that it did not come from Mother Ann, it being so contrary to all the messages received by our people, the Shakers, from her ; contrary to her testimony while she was on the earth ; contrary to the life she lived and taught, her testimony being the same as that taught by Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ laid a foundation that all souls can build upon in safety. 'When I was between nine and ten years old, 1806, I went to live with the believers of Mother Ann's doctrine. They had gathered into a community. Some had farms and other property, which they dedicated, as well as themselves, to build up one common interest, agreeable to the Apostolic order. They allowed no selfish interest to operate among them. Those who had wives lived as though they had none, living as brothers and sisters. They wTere the first founders of this society : they were noble and worked hard to build comfortable homes. They laid a foundation for a new heaven and a new earth wherein naught should dwell but righteousness and peace ; they prospered in their temporal and spiritual labors. They enjoyed the blessings which Jesus spoke of in his Sermon on the Mount :'Blessed are the pure in heart; blessed are the peacemakers,' etc. Sometimes I looked abroad to see if I could discover any that lived pure Christian lives. I found that among the professed Christians some would get up revivals, make a great noise, and perhaps some good would be accomplished for a short period of time ; but I put no confidence in such revivals as affording any lasting benefit. It was not 'the still small voice.' Jesus said: 'Straight is the gate and narrow is the way that leadeth unto life and few there be that find it;' but wide is the gate and broad is the way that leadeth unto destruction, and many are going in thereat.' It eeems that there were some who came to Jesus thinking to get a pass ; they professed to have done many wonderful works, had cast out devils in the name of Jesus, but he said unto them, 'I know ye not, depart from me ye workers of iniquity.' No doubt they were much disappointed. What was the matter ? They had not cast out the devil in themselves. They were living in the indulgence of their own impure natures, living according to the course of the world. No doubt there are many remarkable manifestations at the present time from the Spirit-world. It is not however salvation, but it showTs that there is a power beyond man. I am an old man, in my 87th year, and am now enjoying the fruits of my past labor, both spiritual and temporal. Simon Mabee. West Pittsfield, Mass.