FERVENCY OF SPIRIT. ELIZABETH MARTIN. When we view the ranks of our church, and number the soids whom the Father has drawn to his people, whom it has been our privilege in the past to assist, we think : Where are they who to-day should be the most active workers in the Lord's vineyard ? Did we exert an influence of godliness as disciples of Christ to hold them to their discipleship ? Were we interested in them actively, stretching out our hands and our hearts sufficiently in charitable, forgiving, and uplifting deeds to manifest that interest in their labors, and for their salvation? Our love, as disciples of Christ, is too limited, too narrow, vague, indifferent, not intensified by an. active concern,—a perfect fulfilling of the law in our own life duties, to the out-stretching of our hearts with a determined, fervent intent, that every child called of God, shall succeed in all things that pertain to their spiritual prosperity and growth. 'Love is the fulfilling of the law.' 'Love casteth out fear.' Love is the great lever of salvation, talk of it as we may, it is the most powerful agent to win souls to Christ. It is the Prime Minister of the heavenly Courts. If we would be Saviors, we must serve the Lord our God, with all our 'mind, might and strength, and love our neighbor as ourself.' No time to be idle, no right to make reserves for self-pleasure ; but ever 'fervent in spirit, serving the Lord' is the motto for the Christian. We are students in the school of Christ;—for what purpose are students learning? Is it that they alone may know of the doctrine of Christ's kingdom, be passively good themselves, keeping free from the grosser sins to which humanity are heirs, while they carelessly gaze upon a world of iniquity ? Or are they to become thoroughly learned in the word of God by actively working the works of righteousness ; thus becoming fully imbued with the spirit of the Divine Master, enabled to lift up the fallen, to consume sin in- the exceeding righteousness of the spirit, and bind the sinner to his Christian duty forever. That our church suffers drouth to-day from the sloth and indifference of its members, its want of 'fervency of spirit' is plainly to be seen. It is not enough that we understand Christian principles, and dwell in the church built thereon, thinking it will stand without our aid ; God will ever work through agencies ; the luke-warm and indifferent lie 'will spew from his mouth.' The looker-on sometimes asks : 'In what degree is your church better than other churches?' 'Oh,' the thoughtless member will reply, 'of course we are better—we don't marry, we live unselfishly by holding our property in common,—and we don't mingle with the people of the world.' Well, so far, so good ; but let us reflect a little : What is the duty of a Christian? 'Let him that names the name of Christ, depart from all iniquity,' all forms oi' selfishness, injustice, revenge, malice, envy, and every other name and shade of an inherent fallen nature. 'Well,' says the passive member, 'I do nothing day by day, for which I feel condemned, am I not a Christian?' 'By their fruits ye shall know them.' 'Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?' If we bear no fruit, and the Master coming, fiudeth only leaves, to what can we be likened? Is there not need of rallying the forces of Israel, to save not only the geetiles, but its indifferent self? Who is to sound the awakening trumpet ? 'God is no respector of persons.' It is fully time for our church to arise, shake off her drowsy condition, and putting her trust in God, go forth into the harvest fields, and with 'fervency of spirit,' call clown upon the ripened earth the pentecostal baptism just at hand. Canterbury, N. H.