Sanitary In the year 1851 I begged Senor Ermeneta, the proprietor of some of the richest mines in Chili... In the year 1851 I begged Senor Ermeneta, the proprietor of some of the richest mines in Chili, to send some specimens for the great exhibition as samples of Chilian wealth. He forwarded me two large stones, one weighing three hundred and fifty six pounds, and the other three hundred and forty nine pounds and told me that perhaps the strength of the miner who excavated these masses, and brought them from the mine, was as striking as the richness of the specimens themselves. Both stones had been taken from a depth of more than three hundred feet, and had separately been borne on the shoulders of a man, he having to ascend, not by ladders or other aid, but by climbing up the nearly perpendicular slope of the mine. The food the miner lives upon is an interesting subject to physiologists. His chief diet is the haricot bean, and without this nutritious vegetable he could never get through the work required of him. The beans are boiled until they are quite soft, and eaten with bread. Extract from a letter by Frederic Field, in Herald, of Health. Herald of Health HOI AND COLD DRINKS. A correspondent of knowledge calls attention to some of the disadvantages of hot drinks. Cold drinks are natural to man, though most people now adays are so used to hot drinks that they do not feel satisfaction— really stimulation—unless they have them. Hot drinks are injurious to the tongue, for they deaden its sensation, and, after taking hot soup or drink, the tongue becomes quite numb and unable to taste the finer flavors of a dish. The teeth are greatly injured by them, and many dentists say caries (decay) is due to them alone. They crack the enamel and thus allow caries to set in. When caries has once set in, hot drinks are a common cause of Deuralgia. Hot drinks are specially hurtful to the stomach. They cause irritation of the nerves of the stomach and consequent mild inflammation of that organ, so that after a hot drink the stomach is red and congested; in time a debilitated condition is set up. A temperature of 100 degrees Fahrenheit also destroys the active ferment of the gastric juice—pepsin—and so leads to indigestion. If the stomach is at all disordered, hot drinks give rise to much griping pain, and in many cases to vomiting. In cases of diarrhowi, too, hot drinks only increase it, while cold ones tend to lessen it. Thirst is not common in winter, unless sugary, saity or hot spiced foods have been taken. In cold weather the air contains more moisture than in hot, and in cold weather there is less perspiration. Hot drinks increase the volume of heat in the body, and if that is not required, it is quickly got rid of by the skin. Water is the best thirst-quencher, but if simple food be taken, the need of drinks will be small. Many vegetarians drink nothing from month to month, the only fluid they get being the juices of the fruits which they eat. But pleasant drinks, like tea, coffee, etc., may be taken lukewarm for a long time with little apparent damage. The least injurious is cocoa, made with plenty of milk, and allowed to stand until nearly cool. A good test is to apply the little finger to the drink, and if it be not hot to it, then it may be safely taken. Selected. APPLES FOR FOOD. Selected. The highest medical authority asserts that cooked apples, either boiled or baked, are the bes,t food for patients in the fevered condition of small-pox, typhoid fever and erysipelas. It has been well said that 'apples are general favorites.' Every eye covets, every hand reaches to them. An apple is a noble fruit, and its virtues blush to be tasted. Every muse delights in it, as its mythology shows, from the garden of Hesperides to the orchards of Plato. A basket of pearmains, golden russets, or any of the choice kinds, standing in sight, shall perfume the scholar's composition as much as it refreshes his genius. Apples are now considered to contain far more brain food than any other fruit or vegetable, and to be much more nutritious than potatoes, which enter so largely into the component parts of every meal. At present, apples are principally used in the form of pud' dings, pies, tarts and sauces, and are also eaten raw, in which state they are more wholesome than when mingled witli butter, eggs and flour. But they are very delicious when simply baked, and served at every meal; and substituted for pickles and such condiments, they would surely be found beneficial. Sweet baked apples are a most desirable addition to the breakfast and tea-table, and far more healthful, appropriate and sustaining than half the dishes usually esteemed essential at such times. Served with milk and bread, they make the best diet that young children can partake of, and are very satisfying in their nature. Baked apples without meat, are far more substantial food than potatoes can possibly be made, and to us the delicious aroma and flavor are always most appetizing. We would rather go without our daily bread than our daily baked sweet apples. We presume there are many families who will not use a barrel of them for the table this season, but will devour at least six barrels of potatoes. Let us beg of them to equalize the two a little more, and purchase at least three barrels of apples to five of potatoes. They will find that less flour, eggs, sugar and butter will be consumed in a family when a plentiful supply of apples is stored in the cellar. Selected. Finger-nails grow out about three times a year... Finger-nails grow out about three times a year; they should be trimmed with scissors once a week, not so close as to leave no room for the dirt to gather, for then they do not protect the ends of the fingers, as was designed by nature; besides, it trimmed too close at the corners, there is danger of their growing into the flesh, causing inconvenience, and sometimes great pain. The collections under the ends of the nails should not be removed by anything harder than a brush or a soft piece of wood; nor should the nails be scraped with a penknife or other metalic substance, as it destroys the delicacy of their structure, and will at length give them an unnatural thickness. We are not favorably impressed as to the cleanliness of a person who keeps his nails trimmed to the quick, as it is often done to prevent dirt gathering there; whereas, if a margin were allowed, it would be an index to the cleanliness of the hands, from which the collections under the finger-nails are made. Leave a margin, then,, and the moment you observe that these collections need removal, you may know that the hands ne^d washing, when they and the nails are both cleansed together. Most persons are familiar with those troublesome bits of skin which loosen at the root of the fingernails ; it is caused by the skin adhering to the nail, which, growing outward, drags the skin along with it, stretching it until one end gives way. To prevent this, the skin should be loosened from the nail once a week, not with a knife or scissors, but with something blunt, such as the end of an ivory paper-cutter ; this is best done after soaking the fingers in warm water, then pushing the skin back gently and slowly; the white specks on the nails are made by scraping the nail with a knife at the point where it emerges from the skin. Biting off the finger-nails is an uncleanly practice, for thus the unsightly collections at the ends are kept eaten clean! Children may be broken of such a filthy habit by causing them to dip the ends of their fingers several times a day in wormwood bitters, without letting them know the object; if this is not sufficient, cause them to wear caps on each finger until the practice is disconiinued. Hall's Journal of Health.