LIFE IN THE WOODS, NO.4. GRANVILLE T. SPROAT. The Indian no longer walks straight. He has learned to walk two ways at once, like the Pale Face. He has two tongues. The one that spoke the truth stands 'till. The lying tongue walks very fast. It is like the hrook that runs over the stones. No one can stop its babbling. The Indians were friendly and social in their habits, ^hey seemed to take the greatest interest in each others welfare, and exhibited great fondness for children, whom they seldom piinish by blows. It her child proved refractory, or got into a heat of passion, the mother would throw cold water into his face, to cool him off. And this practice, I noticed, succeeded to a charm in most cases. 'My child is not a dog,' said the Indian, 'that I should beat him.' They thought, that by so doing, they would break his spirit, and unfit him for a warrior Yet, as a general rule, they had the respect and obedience of their children. It was sad to hear their wail on the loss of their children. The mother would go out into the woods at eventide, and make all the air ring with her cries. ' Oh-nin-guis! ninguis!' or 'ne-dah-nis! ne-dah-nis! (Oh my son! my son ! or, my daughter ! my daughter !') Sometimes they would cut. themselves with sharp stones to 'let out the ache,' they said, 'that lay so heavy on the heart.' I have seen some instances where they appeared to believe in the transmigration of souls. The mother, if she could kill a humming bird, or a golden robin, would suspend it from the image of her child, which she had made up, and strapped to its cradle-board, with the same ornaments and dress that the child used to wear. She would talk to it, as if it were alive, and say, 'If thou hadst known how much I loved thee, lost one, thou couidst not left me. Come to thy mother once more, for there is a shadow come over our home, and we miss thee in our solitary wigwam. Come! Oh, come!' and she would stretch out her hands, as if vainly striving to grasp the spirit of her child. They would sometimes try to stay the spirit of the child, on its departure to the land of souls I recollect the old chief of Leech Like, A7hose child lay dying, and a dog, belonging to the boy, laj sleeping by the fire ;— just as the child's spirit departed, the old man arose, seized a tomahawk, and dashed out the brains of the dog; then, with one frantic bound, threw himself upon the dead body of the child, saying to the spirit, 'Come again! come again! have I not sent the dog after thee, to bring thee back?'—thus hoping, for a while, to stay the spirit of the child, on its outward flight. Mothers trembled to think, 'How will my liitle one be able to cross that pole, that stretches across the river?'—And if the child had a dog, or any favorite' animal, they would kill it, and lay it into the grave, that it might accompany the child on its long journey, and over the dangerous river. But we will leave the Indians for a while, and all that appertains to the manners and customs of their camp life, and go on with the narration of our journey. (To BE CONTINUED.)