The Shakers [From the Bangor Messenger] Bangor messenger West Gloucester, Me. Jan. 1883. Editors of the Bangor Messenger;—As you are getting so many subscribers, I thought they might like to know something of the Shaker Order, and will write from the heart of the village, of this peculiar people. I am a Shaker myself, have been from childhood and know whereof I speak. Now that the valuable medicine which is here manufactured, is becoming so widely known, the public will desire to be better acquainted with our principles and manner of life. Nothing could be more pleasing to us than to have all know of the hope that is in nn, of that well-spring from which we drink, that has kept this community in gradual growth for more than one hundred years. It is favorable to any people to be liked best where they are best known. We find this to be the case with us. Shaker Village in West Gloucester is very pleasantly situated on the eastern side of a small hill, surrounded on all sides by the higher land. I can no better describe the place than in the words of an aged Shaker brother, now visiting us from the society in Cleveland, Ohio. He says: 'Take a large wooden bowl and invert a smaller one inside of it, and you will get some idea of the situation.' The village on the side of the smaller bowl with a beautiful lake at its base, is half a mile from the village on the east. We have a very fine view of the lake with the woodlands surrounding it at all seasons of the year; but in autumn the scenery is magnificent, abounding in many colors, with the passing clouds throwing their shadows upon them. The lake derived its name from a party of hunters, who, in the olden time, met' regularly on its shores every Sunday hence the Sabbath Day lake. Our government is a Theocracy, We find a mother as well as a father in God, and are held together by bonds of true love. Nothing else could do it. The life that Jesus lived is our example, and our order is founded upon the principles of that church that was organized at Jerusalem by his disciples. We have given up the private family life, and found in its place the great brotherhood and sisterhood which Jesus promised to those who would become his followers. All are loved and cared for. The rich and exalted come down and the poor are raised up, bringing all upon a Christian level. We have a literature in the form of a pamphlet, called 'The Manifesto.' By enclosing sixty cents and addressing Publisher of Manifesto, Shaker Village, Merrirnac Co., N. H., it will be sent to you, monthly, for one year. After taking it that length of time I do not doubt but that you will want it longer. Two miles north of us are the famous Poland Mineral Springs, with two large hotels accommodating many invalids, during the summer season. Just one mile south are the Centennial Springs. We are surrounded by healing waters. It has been but little more than a year since we commenced the business of manufacturing the Shaker Tamar Laxative; it is fast getting into favor, and is highly spoken of everywhere that it has been used, as the best remedy for constipation and many other diseases. You will need it in your family. It is not unpleasant to the taste, even to children. You can have a box of the lozenges sent to your address, postpaid, by sending sixty cents to William Dumont, West Gloucester, Me. Full directions are with each box, also the formula. All druggists have them or they can be obtained from our wholesale agents. Thus you see that as it was prophesied in days of old, the sun of righteousness has arisen upon us with healing in his wings, and there is a balm in Gilead by which the wounds of both soul and body can be healed. There is among us that Platonic love which goes out to the suffering sons and daughters of men. Have you a desire to know more of this peculiar people? 'Ask and ye shall receive.' Aurblia.