The Coming Era WRITTEN FOB THE MANIFESTO. THE COMIKG ERA. ¦Was it a Dream? Once, worn and tired with earthly toil and care, Life's petty ills so grievous seemed to bear, In resignation I sat down at last To ponder on the present and the past. I sank into a happy reverie; The future ope'd in vision bright on me; I dreamed the 'coming era' was at hand And free'lorn reigned in this our favored land. From those who long in bondage had been found, I saw the shackles fall upon the ground; And those who'd ruled the earth with tyrant's power Were servants to the ones they'd lorded o'er. I saw the sexes free and equal stand ; Old office-holders moving at command; The nation once engaged in war and strife, Walked in the paths of sweet and peaceful life. In politics, corruption could not stand! No 'sal'ry grabbers'' found in all the land! The caucuses and polls were free from guile ! Upon our Government the saints could smile. Monopolies were wholly past—unknown; The love of pelf, and greed of gain had flown; No rich, no poor, no high nor low were found, For equal rights and privileges abound. I saw stern Fashion's follies cast aside, And in the rear went avarice and pride. The monstrous frauds, (now practiced in our day,) Oblivion had claimed and borne away. No gambling hells, no dens of vice were seen; No felon's cell, so dark—to intervene; No house of alms, no rendezvous for sin, For vagrants were not found to dwell therein. All alcoholic liquors were eschewed, Tobacco vile, was neither smoked nor chewed; Narcotic pois'ning too was quite unknown; And quacks and medicines had also flown. Adulterations ceased in every grade, And merchants dealt just honestly in trade; •I saw a table spread with simple fare, No stimulating food existed there. No animals were killed by human hand, No place of slaughter was, in all the land. The boys were happy found without the hook, Fishes swam in freedom through the brook. No sickness or disease at all was there; For nature's laws were kept with strictest care; Compuls'ry education ruled the land, Old creeds and dogmas died, that truth might stand. Old ceremonies too had passed away, And Justice triumphed, right and peace bore sway. The young were reared with care for moral worth, No foolish novel-reading had a birth; And all that would degrade the human mind Was to the old forgotten days confined. I saw in earth new beauty—gospel light Had spread throughout, consuming sin and blight. The sun's effulgence o'er the landscape broke,— Proclaimed the coming era, and I woke; But soon a cloud my brightened sky o'er cast, This prospect, surely, was too bright to last. I fervent prayed while pond'ring on the scene : God speed like day, that will not prove a dream! (To BE CONTINUED.)