NEW JERUSALEM. NANCY G. DANFORTH. The Savior said, 'In my Father's house are many mansions, I go to prepare a place for you.' What are those mansions and what is meant by preparing a place for his disciples ? We are all in our Father's house, his watchful care is over all the works of his hands, and there are many mansions, or dwelling places appropriate to different conditions : thus we find a person who is very degraded, sunk in every species of vice and crime, such an one dwells in the lowest mansions, yet is he not forgotten of his God. At length some small ray of conviction reaches him and he is induced to leave off someone sin, thus step up into the next mansion, where those of the same grade may be found for associates ; in this manner he can proceed until he becomes a moral man and all this before attempting to take a single step in the Christ life. The Savior says, 'I go to prepare a place for you.' Was there then no mansion ready for them, and why not? Mankind had not travelled up to that higher order to which they are now called. Jesus, knowing there would be a still greater work, says, 'If I go and prepare a place for you I will come again and receive you unto myself.' Accordingly, He went to the spirit world and there established the order of perfect purity, which, in due time was made known on earth by special Revelations where a city is described as coming down ''from God out of heaven,' and a voice said, 'The tabernacle of God is with men,' showing that 'the way into the Holy of Holies is now made manifest.' Now look at the order and appointments of this beautiful city. In the first place it lieth four square, the height, length, and breadth of it are equal, which shows the perfect equality in all things, which is to exist amongst God's people. The foundations are of precious stones, the true principles of godliness, truth, hope, honesty, continence, innocence, simplicity, meeknessr | humility, prudence, patience, thankfulness and charity, upon which the Church of Christ is built, and they can never be tarnished. The gates are of pearl, the beautiful graces of the spirit which adorn the true Christian. The city and the streets are of pure gold, like unto transparent glass ; this shows the state of purity we must attain in all the walks of life ; our every thought, word and action must breathe perfect purity; this is the more evident, as no unclean thing, noth- ing that in any way defiles can enter within the walls of this Holy City, neither dogs nor sorcerers, nor adulterers, and we find by the Savior's words it does not always take the openly vile to constitute these characters, but all who harbor these feelings in their hearts are the detiled, inasmuch as every impure thought defiloth the imagination, therefore such feelings can have no place there. 'And 1 saw no temple therein, for the Lord God and the Lamb are the temple thereof.' No idol worship is acceptable, but every soul must present himself as a living temple for the worship of the one true God. Again,' 'The city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon to shine in it, for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lam? is the light thereof; and there shall be no night there.' Wher3 purity reigns no gloomy shades of night prevail, as sin constitutes the works of darkness and is the covering cast over all nations ; but the spirit of God, as a burning lamp, will search the dark recesses of every heart, where its bright rays are admitted ; it will cleanse and refine from all dross, thus prepare the soul to dwell in the perfect light of God made manifest in his chosen witness for the cleansing of the Sanctuary. We also find a river of life flowing through the City, with the tree of life on either side. The river signifies the waters of judgment and true repentance, through which every soul must pass in order to be redeemed ; and this judgment is dispensed by and through his witnesses both male and female representing the tree of life on either eide of the river, whose leaves, or words are for the healing of every sin-sick soul of whatever nation, or tongue. Thus we see that those mansions are not locations, but the different conditions of the soul, and when following the light of God, it can travel from one degree of grace to another, until it arrives at that state of perfect purity which can be likened to this beautiful vision of the Revelator. It is the redeemed who shall walk there, while all nations and their rulers, shall bring their glory and honor into it. Therefore we need not fear, for earthly good will not be with-held, but all that will beautify the Lord's house will in due time be made subservient to his people, while the law and perishable pleasures of time, will cease to allure the soul who seeks to be redeemed from sin, by bathing in these pure waters of life, and thu? become worthy to dwell in the Holy City, even New Jerusalem. Canterbury, N. H.