My Kindly Remembered Aunt C. : On my return from Providence... Shaker Village, N. H. My Kindly Remembered Aunt C. : On my return from Providence, I superscribed this envelope to my cousin, I use it at this time as I hardly know your present address. My dear, dear Aunt, can you feel why I cling in fond remembrance to your hand and heart. Others may love you for daily good deeds witnessed, but your niece H., loves and regards you for the one act of your life, which placed her when a giddy and nearly irresponsible girl, in a good situation to choose a course in life which has budded and blossomed into so much joy and peace that she comes with an offering, a hymn of thanksgiving. Though the poetry of my gift is written in prose, I am THE MANIFESTO. 153 sure your motherly heart and spirit will accept my tribute. Ever and always, rest in peace, my kind aunt, when you think of your niece with the Shakers. She is happy, she loves and is loved by the friends of her adopted home, and her aspirations for a pure life, and to aid in the Christ mission of doing good, especially to girls of her own mental type, is the waking song of her living soul. Should you reach the immortal shores before I see you again, carry the fragrance of this offering with you, and if you find it practicable to visit earthly friends, come as near as possible, and learn why I have chosen as I have to conclude my life, so unlike the life taken up at the beginning. I am sorry that I have never been able to share my beautiful home with one from my native city, whom I could teach, and thus be able to present a practical evidence of my confidence in the life I have chosen. I could speak of the comet, of an earthquake, of beautiful sunrises and sunsets, but perhaps too long a story at this time, may not be good for me, and not particularly desirable by her whom I am anxious to please. Our Sister J. J. B. with another sister was in Providence a short time since, but did not call upon you. I would express the kindest love to ray cousins. I have only a tablet of good deeds to their account. 'Virtue brings its own reward.' Love from all my dear Friends, Your Favored Niece H. Tabor.