Books and papers The Homiletic Monthly The Homiletic Monthly for June presents its readers with thirteen sermons and outlines under the head of 'Sermonic.' The foreign preachers are Dr. K. F. A. Kahnis, of Leipzig (translator from the German,) C»non Boyd Carpenter, and Mr. Spurgeou of London; the American pulpit is well represented by Drs. Duryea, Cuyler, Howard, Talmage, and by Revs. Mr. Beecher, Wm. V. Kelley, E. C. Ray, J. K. Folwell, and others. Among the fresh things may be noticed the opinions of Drs. Talmage, H. S. Van Dyke and Chas. S. Robinson on the Use of Manuscript in Preaching; some suggestions by Dr. Schafl' on the Homiletic Value of the Revised Testament, and an article by Dr. D. II. Wheeler on the psychologic explanation of 'Faith Cures.' The Commentary on James is continued by Dr. Ormiston, and is a very thorough piece of work. The Editorial departments are full of suggestions and helps for Preachers and other Bible Students.—$2.50 a year, 25 cents a single copy. Funk &amp; Wagnalls, 10 and 12 Dey Street, New York. Ancient classics for English readers classics ton This is the title of a unique and really delightful series of books, the first volume of which, 'The Commentaries of CsBsar,' by Anthony Trollope, is just issued. The aim of the series is to open to the unlearned English reader the beauties and treasures of classic lore, tell who the writers were, gives some connected out.ine of the story they narrate, present some of their most striking passages in choice English translation, and illustrate them with the wealth of modern scholarship. There are 27 volumes in all, and heretofore they have cost $1.00 each. They are publishing in The Elzevir Library, in really charming style, at 15 cents each for binding, or 30 cents for cloth binding. 'Herodotus,' by George C. Swayne; 'Cicero,' by W, L. Collins, and 'Demosthenes,' by W. J. Brodribb, arc announced for immediate issue, and the other volumes are to follow, one or more each week, until the series is complete. From even these marvelously low prices large discounts are ottered to clubs and for prompt orders. John B. Alden, Publisher, 18 Vesey St., New York Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Phrenological Journal and Science of Health, June; Contents ; Peter Cooper, with portrait, Studies in Comparative Phrenology, Development of Musical Instruments, Self-Esteem, James B. Eads, with portrait, Experiments in Psychology, Position in Society, Political Economy, Causes of Malarial Diseases, Kitchen Leaflets, Notes in Science, Editorial, Wisdom, Mirth, etc, etc. Fowler and Wells, 733 Broadway, N. Y.