THE POLE STAR OF FAITH ALONZO G. HOLLISTER Where God has established an order to accomplish a certain work, that work cannot be performed one side of the order appointed. Jesus Christ was the first foundation pillar of the new creation. He was the beginning, the germ thereof, as Adam was of the old, and he received a revelation to effect a certain order of work therein. If a successor may set a part of that foundation aside, supposing it of no account, then another coming after may set the innovator aside with a new innovation, and so on indefinitely, in which case what better would the foundation be than shifting sand? Jesus said he would build his church upon a rock ; but if one coming after may contradict Jesus, both cannot be right. If the father of the new creation taught error for truth, either by precept or example, where is the assurance that his offspring will not be more imperfect? As he was the primary branch, and all subsequent growth must proceed from him as originator, even as defects are transmissible from parents to offspring, what assurance have we that error will not multiply itself and extend, unless we are guided by a fixed standard, and trim from ourselves all that cannot be brought to this standard ? If our standard varies so as to conform to individual ideas, is not this the same as to be without a standard, or without a reliable guide to the formation of opinions, and for testing our revelations, and then, what do we know ; and what becomes of the ground of unity for faith and practice in the body ? 146 THE MANIFESTO. God has placed the Pole Star in the natural heavens where every eye can see it, and beyond the reach of mortals to change it. And are the spiritual heavens less securely established than the natural ? Are they less adapted to promote unity of faith and opinion on subjects relating to our highest interests, among the truly honest and pure in heart, who wish to know the will of God that they may do it? Every spiritual eye shall see him, that they may learn of him who is the way, the truth and the life. And they shall see eye to eye when the Lord shall bring again Zion. Is not the character and testimony of the first witnesses of the new creation, the Pole Star of our faith, and the visible lead like a compass to which we turn for counsel when clouds obscure our spiritual sky and for direction how to work the present work of God in union with the visible body of Christ? And are we censurable for distrusting a compass needle that does not point steadily to the pole, when allowed to adjust itself, free fr&gt;m extrinsic perturbations? Jesus testified, 'I and my Father are one.' If he was not perfect, how could he be one with the perfect, and how can his followers be perfect? 'I speak wisdom to them that are perfect,' said the Apostle. If perfection is not attainable, why the injunction, 'Be ye perfect even as your Father in heaven?' 'I am the vine, ye are the, branches,' 'Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you and ordained you, that ye should bear much fruit.' The perfect ones, who properly improve the talents confided to them, become one with the anointing spirit, and that which is one cannot be divided, 'The disciple is not above his master, but every one that is perfect shall be as his master.' If the Father judgeth no man but hath committed all judgment to the Son, and the Son rises up and disputes whom he wills, and the judgment of truth invariably proceeds from above downward, so that those who taught us the gospel are to be ou judges, what judgment is that which proceeds from below upward ; and of what account is it except to those whom it may mislead ; Is the judge arraigned by his dependent whom he appoints and sustains in office ? Is not the less invariably judged by the greater ? We begin in the same place where Jesus began, by bringing our lives to judgment—we travel in his steps through the same degrees and order of succession that he traveled. Have we traveled swifter and advanced beyond him, and are we able to teach him a knowledge of heavenly things? Is the increased light he has given us to combat the growing evils of the world, designed to constitute us judges in that wherein he was not condemned? Are we more prudent, more self-denying than he was ? Do we use the things of this world as not abusing? And did he not do the same, gaining much from little, and performing large service with small means? Will increasing light make a perfect thing imperfect? Will ripe fruit contradict the green ? Is not the foundation of our trust in a present visible lead, due to our faith in a revelation which preceded them ; so that if our confidence in the truthful integrity of the first witnesses be destroyed, we would have far less ground for confiding in those present with us ? If we build our faith upon persons, and they fail, we fail also ; but if, as THE MANIFESTO. 147 our first Mother taught, Ave build our faith upon the gift and power of God in the gospel, we must have a light which transcends individual opinions by which to know the real from the seeming, the substance from the shadow. And that light, or test, must be the revelation of the beginniug, supported by concurring testimony of all true witnesses, who are one in spirit, though testifying ages apart. We may call this light principle, but it was manifested to us through witnesses ; for principles are not self-actors, but modes of action that require organization to be made apparent. Mother taught that she received her light and power through Jesus Christ, and that he was her head and Lord. She and her co-laborers were careful not to injure the oil nor the wine, nor controvert the testimony of preceding witnesses. Hence their testimony all witnessed in her favor ; just as the law and the prophets always turned for a testimony in favor of Jesus and his disciples, whenever their opposers attempted to make out a contradiction, upon the foundation Avhich was laid in revelation by the first witnesses of the new creation, is room for endless growth, and increase without limit, and if it be said that we are laboring to support a theory, we answer it is not a theory of man's devising, and man cannot alter it. Human theories are too contracted, and involve too many contradictions to apply to the things of the Spirit, and they leave their advocates in a wilderness. Hence it is well to try ourselves by the revelation of Christ, which is compared to a rock for firmness, durableness, and immutability, and reject from our belief whatever contradicts the acknowledged testimony of the first witnesses, who stand nearest the fountain. The Apostles saw the spiritual things of a future dispensation obscurely, but this did not prevent their seeing clearly to perform the work of their day, perfect in its order and time. When the mind is polarized by a false idea or desire, the reasoning power is liable to strengthen the delusion, because the first principles of reason, and of revelation are not then the test of evidence, but the test is the leading theme in the mind. For example ; a certain materialist formed a train of reasoning which satisfied his mind of the nonexistence of the spirit after death. A spiritual man reasoning from superior premises, refuted every argument in the series, so that the materialist was able to see and acknowledge his error ; yet his mind would revert to his previous train of argument, and say 'It must be so,' though, being honest, he finally discarded the notion as false. This was mental polarity to an idea. Impure desires still more effectuslly color, and obstruct the light of understanding. H?nee the importance of absolute purity of heart in order to a clear perception of truth. For without holiness no man shall see the Lord. Holy means set apart for a godly use. If both reason ers were correct when tested by the pole star of the heavens, or the primary principles of rational intelligence, then may all distinction between truth and error, virtue and vice be obliterated, and the abominable doctrine of 'whatever is, is right,' be logically sustained. In this day of chaotic views and opinions, struck like sparks from the clash of elements and dissolving systems, when so many theories are urged as valuable revelations or important principles seeking recogntion, it may be well not &gt; 148 THE MANIFESTO. to trust to colored glasses, nor be led astray by transitional ideas however plausible, that have no foundation of permanence in themselves, and therefore constitute no part of the gospel plan. Should we not rather preserve a distinction between the revolutionary element which is disorganizing the false systems of the world, removing debris, and which is therefore transient in its character, and the new creating word which is building up a permanent Order that will increase forever? Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.