Andrew Barrett—Much beloved Brother... Mt. Lebanon, May 13, 1883. AndrewBarrett—Much beloved Brother; I un impressed to write you this morning, thinking it may be a good time to express the ove of the North Family. You are moving from Lebanon to Harvard, lave made a beginning. In all the years of your experience in Lebanon, you have acted the part of a good substantial Believer—have been a pillar in Zion. Your presence at the Meeting house was always welcome—your word of union acceptable. We shall miss you when we meet. How you can be spared is an unsolved problem. As &amp; peacemaker, in the Society you were a most invaluable element. As a standing, living protest against heretical ideas, you have done great honor to yourself and the Family favored with your membership. You was blessed with a strong, bold Faith, a great Gift of God to you. If but the five Believers, of which Father Joseph spake, had been all who were left, Andrew Barrett would have been one of them. The Rock of Revelation remains, upon it as an exponent of true Shakerism, your house is built, and the Gates of Hell have not prevailed against it, or ever will. Peace be your portion, love your treasure and assurance forever your inheritance. May you form a nucleus around which the faithful seekers after righteousness may gather. Let the weak say '/am strong',' and press into the kingdom. Let the lame and halting be restored, the soul sick be healed, and the sinners in Zion, who work iniquity in the land of uprightness, be reproved, reformed, and the aged Warriors, who are putting off the harness, boast of their deeds of progress in the battles of the Lord, to their heart's content, and may they be greatly comforted. Ann Lee prepared her vessel by washing in the waters of confession and repentance, until she stood as the king's daughter, 'all glorious within,' transparent as theT * t. So must her followers become. Harvard, M THE MANIFESTO. 157 Be it yours to build up the waste places, repair the broken-down walls of protection, that they may effectually separate between the precious and the vile, between the worshipers of God and the worshipers of self. Beloved Brother, having the Gospel, you can minister it, and can say to the mourners, ''Be of good cheer for I have overcome the world.' You have blest God in your Brethren and Sisters of the North Family, and now the North Family bless y.ou, and you will be blessed. Elders.