Sanitary SIMPLE REMEDIES FOR EMERGENCIES Very few persons are able to control their nerves so completely as to keep from being startled when confronted with a cut finger with dripping blood, and the loud cries which announce a catastrophe. Sometimes they cannot collect their thoughts sufficiently to recall any of the good remedies with which they are acquainted. One way to avoid this is to write out a list of help in trouble, and tack it upon the door of your room, after the manner of hotel regulations. There is nothing better for a cut than powdered rosin. Get a few cents' worth of rosin, pound it until it is fine, and put it in an empty, clean pepper or spice box with perforated top; then you can easily sift it out on the cut; put a soft cloth around the injured member and wet it with cold water once in a while. It will prevent inflammation and soreness. In doing up a burn, the main point is to keep the air from it. If sweet oil and cotton are not at hand, take a cloth and spread dry flour over it, and wrap the burned part in itIt is always well to have some simple remedies in the house where you can get them without a moment's loss of time; a little bottle of peppermint, in case of colic; chlorate of potash for sore throat, pepsin for indigestion, and a bottle of brandy. Have them arranged so that you could go to them in the dark and reach the right remedy, but be sure you never do it, even if you know they have not been disturbed; always light a lamp or the gas, and make sure you have what you are after. Remember that pistols are always loaded, and that poison may be put in place of peppermint.—Amer. Agri. LIVER COMPLAINT For your torpid liver go without grease in your food, bathe your skin every morning on rising and follow the bathing with sharp friction with the roughest towel, and, if you can bear it, with a flesh-brush also. Beating the body in the region of the liver with the flat of the hand or with the fist is excellent. General gymnastic exercises are always advisable in what is known as liver complaint. Attacks of bilious colic would be prevented, I believe, by a little care in eating. I think an avoidance of all desserts, and eating but two meals a day, the last one somewhere in the middle of the day, would prevent all return of the trouble.-—Dio Lewis.