CHARITY MARTHA J. ANDERSON Charity, love, mantled, the greatest of all virtues, ever recurred to the mind of Paul, the grave spiritual teacher, as he recounted the many gifts that should uplift and benefit those who had taken upon themselves the name of Christ. Through all his discourses and epistles to the people, so fraught with wisdom,, 152 THE MANIFESTO. admonition,' holy precept and earnest faith ; this beautiful spirit runs like a silvery thread, and binds all the graces in one. ''And above all these things put on charity which is the bond of perfectness.' Souls imbued with this principle of love to God, and good will to man, delight in deeds of kindness and mercy¦; such are slow to anger, patient and forgiving ; interpreting things doubtful concerning others in the best sense ; striving to look on the noble side of human character for the angel presence, which may perchance but dimly shine through the cloud and darkness of obscuring error ; but, it is there in every human soul, and can only be developed and brought to light by the action of the higher law of love. 'Charity covereth a multitude of sins ;' yet, not in the sense of tolerating wrong. Having the love of God uppermost in our hearts, we may correct the faults of others in the gentleness and meekness of a subdued spirit, and not in a censorious and overbearing manner. Love responds to love ; ' The Lamb of God takethaway the sins of the world.' 'Let us not therefore judge one another any more, but judge this rather, that no man put a stumbling block, or an occasion to fall in his brother's way.' Evil judging and uncharitable censure are detrimental to spiritual growth, as is clearly seen in those who allow this spirit to rule their conduct toward others 'Charity suffereth long and is kind, charity envieth not.' One great cause of evil-speaking, is the harboring of an envious, jealous disposition ; it is the canker that destroys the peace of souls, and mars the joy of association. 'In honor preferring one another,' is the law of heavenly relation. Whoso obeys this law, enjoys the kinship of unselfish souls, and is prepared to share the communion of angels. 'Now abide Faith, Hope and Charity, these three, but the greatest of these is Charity. Though I speak with the tongues of men and angels, and have not Charity, I am become as sounding brass or as a tinkling cymbal.' This God-like attribute, springing from divine love in the soul, is indeed above the knowledge, power and wisdom of the earthly mind. Let us all, especially those who are young, assiduously cultivate this precious gift, and study with observation, its beneficent effects in society. Then, and not until then, shall we know of the doctrine, life and mission of Christ, or be in full membership with His living, growing church, where 'Love is the seal of discipleship, and Charity the bond of perfectness and peace.' ML Lebanon, N. Y.