House and Farm SAVE THE BONES While purchasing bone-dust, and fertilizersinto which bone-dust largely enters, do not forget to be sure and utilize all the bones that can be gathered about home. Bone-dust bought in the market costs about two cents a pound. Coarse fragments of bone dissolve very slowly, and for that reason are not so valuable as fine ground bone. Still, if buried near grape-vines or fruit trees, the numberless mouths at the ends of the roots will, in a. few years, eat up and appropriate every particle of plant food they contain. In setting some apple trees, a few years ago, we buried a bushel of bones under each tree. The thrift of the trees and the beauty and size of the. fruit we attribute in a great degree to the bones. A few years ago, we buried some bones near a Flemish Beauty pear tree. The tree bore for the first time during the past season. For size, color and quality of fruit we have seen nothing equaling it in this vicinity. This we attribute mainly to the effect of the bones, though there may be other causes. If one does not care to save and use the bones in this way, they may be burned in the stove and left in the ashes, which will thus be greatly increased in value. Save and utilize the bones. Vermont Farmer ABUSE OP LEMONS Is it not a correct principle to use the things of this world as not abusing them? THE MANIFESTO. 163 How can this be done except by observation, meditation and reasoning together, until we can discriminate between the precious and vile, between that which is, and that which is not useful? I have long been of the opinion that vegetables and fruits indigenous to, or acclimated in a country, were the most natural food for the people of that section. The fruits of the temperate zone, apples, pears, cherries, plums, currants and berries of various kinds, contain the saccharine and acid elements in just the proportions promotive of health to the inhabitants of their native zone. Is it not natural to use these? Let the children answer. And is it not unnatural, unhealthy, to use exotics? Would it not be better, by 'temperance in all things,' to avoid the 'intermittent fever and lemon juice with strong black coffee without sugar?' Is it not a safe scientific conclusion that if Lemons, or anything else will not grow and ripen in our climate, it is because nature forbids their being used by our people? If it be said they will grow exceptionally; then let them be used exceptionally, as exotics, a luxury, not to be used 'daily in rubbing the gums,' washing the hands and nails to keep them clean, soft and supple, instead of using soap.' The 'warts, dandruff and roots of hair, are a doubtful justification for drinking Lemonade in preference to all other drinks.'' Water is decidedly more natural. In the hot Summer months, when we have Lemon weather Lemons may be used with but little damage, by those who can afford luxuries. But even then, our own acidulous fruits are safer in my opinion. Workmen catering for daily bread, may not be necessitated M daily wash their heads and hands in lemon juice in order to enjoy good health. When lemons cost $S5. to $15 per box, the poor may console themselves with the reflection that tropical fruits have to be picked in a green, unripe condition, and that tropical people would not eat the Oranges, Lemons, Pineapples and Bananas exhibited for sale in our Northern markets. They are dear bought and far fetched in more than the pecuniary meaning of these terms. I would say of Lemons as the Poet puts it of other things. 'The gems within the ocean deep, And the wealth her caverns bear, Let the Ocean and her caverns keep, In darkness hidden there. But 0 Almighty Parents send, Your Angels from above, To kindle in our hearts a fire Of purity and love.'—F. W. Evans, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. F. W. Evans TO MAKE PICKLES For 1 gall, cucumbers, take 1 qt. salt, with cold water sufficient to cover them. Let them remain in this brine three days, then remove from the brine, and pour over them weak vinegar, scalding hot. After four days, remove from this liquor, and pour over them good strong vinegar, heated, adding pepper, spice, mustard, &amp;c, to your taste. TOMATO PRESERVES Take the yellow variety as soon as ripe, scald and peel; then to seven pounds of tomatoes add seven pounds of white sugar, and let them stand over night. Take the tomatoes out of the sugar and boil the syrup, removing the scum. Put in the tomatoes and boil gently fifteen or twenty minutes ; remove the fruit again and boil until the syrup thickens On cooling, put the fruit into jars and pour the syrup over it, and add a few slices of lemon to each jar, and you will have something to please the taste of the most fastidious. South and West FRUIT STAINS. In the season of fruits, the napkins used at the table, and often the handkerchiefs and other articles, will become stained. Those who have access to a good drug store can procure a bottle of Javelle water. If the stains are wet with this before the articles are put into the wash, they will be completely removed. Those who cannot get Javelle water can make a solution of chloride of lime. Four ounces of the chloride of lime is to be put into a quart of water, in a bottle, and after thorough shaking allow the dregs to settle. The clear liquid will remove the stains as readily as Javelle water, but, in using this 164 THE MANIFESTO. one precaution must be observed. Be careful to thoroughly rinse the article to which this solution has been applied, in clear water, before bringing it in contact with soap. When Javelle water is used, this precaution is not necessary: but with the chloride of lime liquid it is, or the articles will be harsh and stiff. Sheepskin Mats. Wash while fresh in strong soapsuds, first picking from the wool all the dirt that wilt come out. A little kerosene, a tablespoonful to three gallons of water, will aid in removing the impurities. Continue to wash the skin in fresh suds till it is white and clean. Then dissolve a half pound each of salt and alum in three pints of boiling water, put into it water enough to cover the skin, which should soak in the solution twelve hours, and then be hung on a line to drain. When nearly dry nail it, wool side in, on a board, or the side of a barn to dry. Rub into the skin an ounce each of pulverized alum and saltpetre, and if the skin is large double the quantity. Rub ior an hour or two. Fold the skin sides together, and hang the skin away for three days, rubbing it every day or till perfectly dry. Then with a blunt knife clear the skin of impurities, rub it with pumice or rottenstone, trim it into shape, and you have a door mat that will last a lifetime. If it is to be dyed, have a shallow vessel as large as the skin in which to prepare the dye, so that the skin can be laid wool-side down smoothly into the vessel that all parts may be equally immersed in the dye. This should not be more than an inch deep, otherwise the skin might be injured by the hot dye. After coloring again stretch the skin to dry, and then comb with a wool or cotton card.—For 'D.'