Sanitary SIMPLE REMEDIES FOR EMERGENCIES Very few persons are able to control their nerves so completely as to keep from being startled when confronted with a cut finger with dripping blood, and the loud cries which announce a catastrophe. Sometimes they cannot collect their thoughts sufficiently to recall any of the good remedies with which they are acquainted. One way to avoid this is to write out a list of help in trouble, and tack it upon the door of your room, after the manner of hotel regulations. There is nothing better for a cut than powdered rosin. Get a few cents' worth of rosin, pound it until it is fine, and put it in an empty, clean pepper or spice box with perforated top; then you can easily sift it out on the cut; put a soft cloth around the injured member and wet it with cold water once in a while. It will prevent inflammation and soreness. In doing up a burn, the main point is to keep the air from it. If sweet oil and cotton are not at hand, take a cloth and spread dry flour over it, and wrap the burned part in itIt is always well to have some simple remedies in the house where you can get them without a moment's loss of time; a little bottle of peppermint, in case of colic; chlorate of potash for sore throat, pepsin for indigestion, and a bottle of brandy. Have them arranged so that you could go to them in the dark and reach the right remedy, but be sure you never do it, even if you know they have not been disturbed; always light a lamp or the gas, and make sure you have what you are after. Remember that pistols are always loaded, and that poison may be put in place of peppermint.—Amer. Agri. LIVER COMPLAINT For your torpid liver go without grease in your food, bathe your skin every morning on rising and follow the bathing with sharp friction with the roughest towel, and, if you can bear it, with a flesh-brush also. Beating the body in the region of the liver with the flat of the hand or with the fist is excellent. General gymnastic exercises are always advisable in what is known as liver complaint. Attacks of bilious colic would be prevented, I believe, by a little care in eating. I think an avoidance of all desserts, and eating but two meals a day, the last one somewhere in the middle of the day, would prevent all return of the trouble.-—Dio Lewis. DON'T [Contributed by F. W. E.] Don't sleep in a draught. Don't go to bed with cold feet. Don't sleep with insecure false teeth in your mouth. Don't stai't the day's work without a good areakfast. Don't sleep in a room without ventilation of some kind. 162 THE MANIFESTO. Don't stuff a cold lest you be next obliged to starve a fever. Don't try to get along without flannel under-clothing in winter. Don't sleep in the same under-garmentyou wear during the day. Don't toast your feet by the fire, but try sunlight or friction instead. Don't neglect to have at least one movement of the bowels each day. Don't drink ice-water by the glass; take it in sips, a swallow at a time. Don't try to keep up on coffee and alcoholics when you ought to go to bed. Don't eat snow to quench thirst; it brings on inflammation of the throat. Don't strain your eyes by reading or working with an insufficient or a flickering light. Don't use the eyes for reading or fine work in the twilight of evening or early morn. Don't try to lengthen your days by cutting short your night's rest; it is poor economy. Don't take some other person's medicine because you are troubled somewhat as they were. Don't blow out a gas-light as you would a lamp; many lives are lost every year by this mistake. Dr. Foote's Health Monthly.