THE PRESENT ERA. NO. 2. Not a Dream, But a Solemn Reality WRITTEH FOR THE MANIFESTO. THE PRESENT ERA. NO. 2. Not a Dream, But a Solemn Reality. I dreamed of the future scarce twelve months ago,— An era seemed dawning with beauty aglow. Of dream, or its subject, I did not complain; But soon to reality wakened again. As high soaring bird on free pinion would go, I left far behind me the regions of woe, In thought, or prospection, I saw the ideal, And Oh! what a shock when I came to the real. The shackles and bands that I saw then unclasp, Are wound around men with tenacious strong grasp And tyrants, who've wielded control at their will, Instead of relapsing, remain tyrants still, In our grand republic, Columbia's free soil, A class are still destined to drudg'ry and toil; While sharpers so shrewdly monopolize wealth, If not by fair dealings, by fraud and by stealth. Our gorernmcnt offices all filled by men, Of whom it is said, some can scarce wield a pen, And some scruple not, as we learn, to defraud, While brother officials their cunning applaud. In this noble land 'equal rights' how abound? The claim is just nominal—farce, empty sound; For sisters right loyal to country and cause, As yet are in bondage to lords and their laws. 156 THE MANIFESTO. No place is conceded for them at the helm Where they should be active to honor the realm, Help purify politics, morals sustain, And dignify labor of hand, and of brain. The symbol of Justice, with scales in her hand, Would show that equality reigns in our land,— A beautiful emblem, if only 'twere true; Such is not the fact, there is much yet to do. Now avarice wields a strong scepter, and wide, And for love of power and place, is denied To virtue, the part she should act in the play, To conquer the passions with absolute sway. While vice and corruption are rife in the land, And crimes of deep hue, and of satanic brand ; Cells, prisons and jails are in constant employ, And yet some elude, and their freedom enjoy (?) Foul dens of debauchery, coverts of shame, And gambling resorts beastly passions inflame; E'en licensed iniquity finds a retreat; Which truth so abhorrent,—'tis sad to repeat. The mind and the body corrupted and low, No innocent childhood our children can know; And youth so precocious, distorted become, By use of bad morals, tobacco and rum. The manhood that follows we will not portray, But from the sad picture would fain turn away. The bright side of life, for there is one to show, We'd bring to the foreground and hold it to view. We know that reformers are striving with main Whose efforts for goodness will not be in vain, True souls of integrity, minds of great worth, Who work to establish,—reform on the earth. There's much that is lovely, and beauty appears Where darkness and error and false slavish fears Have yielded to light, and the truth that makes free; The dawn of more brightness we already see, Still hope for more victory,—right over wrong. May those now in strife for this purpose be strong, More laborers call, and the conquest increase, With triumph and gladness, win trophies of peace. In this grand encounter where volunteers work, I'll not remain dreaming', lest I seem a shirk; But labor with patience, in duty be found; While prayer and thanksgiving shall ever abound. Shirley, Mass.