House and Farm SAVE THE BONES While purchasing bone-dust, and fertilizersinto which bone-dust largely enters, do not forget to be sure and utilize all the bones that can be gathered about home. Bone-dust bought in the market costs about two cents a pound. Coarse fragments of bone dissolve very slowly, and for that reason are not so valuable as fine ground bone. Still, if buried near grape-vines or fruit trees, the numberless mouths at the ends of the roots will, in a. few years, eat up and appropriate every particle of plant food they contain. In setting some apple trees, a few years ago, we buried a bushel of bones under each tree. The thrift of the trees and the beauty and size of the. fruit we attribute in a great degree to the bones. A few years ago, we buried some bones near a Flemish Beauty pear tree. The tree bore for the first time during the past season. For size, color and quality of fruit we have seen nothing equaling it in this vicinity. This we attribute mainly to the effect of the bones, though there may be other causes. If one does not care to save and use the bones in this way, they may be burned in the stove and left in the ashes, which will thus be greatly increased in value. Save and utilize the bones. Vermont Farmer ABUSE OP LEMONS Is it not a correct principle to use the things of this world as not abusing them? THE MANIFESTO. 163 How can this be done except by observation, meditation and reasoning together, until we can discriminate between the precious and vile, between that which is, and that which is not useful? I have long been of the opinion that vegetables and fruits indigenous to, or acclimated in a country, were the most natural food for the people of that section. The fruits of the temperate zone, apples, pears, cherries, plums, currants and berries of various kinds, contain the saccharine and acid elements in just the proportions promotive of health to the inhabitants of their native zone. Is it not natural to use these? Let the children answer. And is it not unnatural, unhealthy, to use exotics? Would it not be better, by 'temperance in all things,' to avoid the 'intermittent fever and lemon juice with strong black coffee without sugar?' Is it not a safe scientific conclusion that if Lemons, or anything else will not grow and ripen in our climate, it is because nature forbids their being used by our people? If it be said they will grow exceptionally; then let them be used exceptionally, as exotics, a luxury, not to be used 'daily in rubbing the gums,' washing the hands and nails to keep them clean, soft and supple, instead of using soap.' The 'warts, dandruff and roots of hair, are a doubtful justification for drinking Lemonade in preference to all other drinks.'' Water is decidedly more natural. In the hot Summer months, when we have Lemon weather Lemons may be used with but little damage, by those who can afford luxuries. But even then, our own acidulous fruits are safer in my opinion. Workmen catering for daily bread, may not be necessitated M daily wash their heads and hands in lemon juice in order to enjoy good health. When lemons cost $S5. to $15 per box, the poor may console themselves with the reflection that tropical fruits have to be picked in a green, unripe condition, and that tropical people would not eat the Oranges, Lemons, Pineapples and Bananas exhibited for sale in our Northern markets. They are dear bought and far fetched in more than the pecuniary meaning of these terms. I would say of Lemons as the Poet puts it of other things. 'The gems within the ocean deep, And the wealth her caverns bear, Let the Ocean and her caverns keep, In darkness hidden there. But 0 Almighty Parents send, Your Angels from above, To kindle in our hearts a fire Of purity and love.'—F. W. Evans, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. F. W. Evans