NOTES There may be other duties, imperative duties, some, seemingly, claiming our attention through all the hours of the day, all the days of the week, and through every week in the month. Our lives ! precious probationary moments in which to establish a claim for a more glorious reward ! ! Something to eat? Shall this be first? It, indeed, has a strong claim and cannot be passed over carelessly. We may ask in all confidence, 'Give us this day our needful bread,' and for even this the mass of mankind are obliged to contend bitterly against the world. They do not and cannot accumulate stores to hide away, and yet they make this a first duty- ' If we would obtain this, our daily bread, we must not only ask, but we must seek and seek diligently till we find it. With this seeking comes our homes and lands, so that we may have a comfortable habitation on the earth. And what should we be able to do without them ? It would be folly to even anticipate such an idea. As Believers, we are anxious to have more and by having more be able to do more good. We have a right to anticipate an hundred fold of every blessing agreeably to the promise. Having obtained it we can then hold it only in God's name, and, certainly, these treasures of the earth should be wisely used for the good of God's Kingdom on the earth. Shall this be our first duty ? or shall we in looking after this hundred-fold of houses and lands accept the same course that is and has been from time immemorial the practice of the children of this world ? Accumulate selfishly and selfishly spend. If Believers should prove able to amass the wealth of a Croesus, what then ? Does this insure a right into the Kingdom of God? Really, the only answer to all these inquiries, is and must be that which has, already, been so wisely proffered. 'Seek first the Kingdom of God and his righteousness.' This becomes our first duty, and having secured this, all needful things will be added in proportion to our faithfulness in duty. Mother Ann very wisely taught the Believers, 'Put your hands at work and your heart to God.' With this gift we become permanently established and no 'gates of hell' can ever prevail against us, while without it our homes and lands or whatever we may claim as an inheritance in this life, will certainly prove to be of the least consequence. If we think we have already, in our possession this inestimable treasure and the assurance of 'Eternal Life' then it should become our first and imperative duty, to let our 'light shine,' to do all that lies in our power to turn souls into the path of righteousness and peace. It is no less our duty than it was the duty of the apostle 'to preach the gospel, not with wisdom of words,' but by ''the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, through whom the world has been crucified unto us and we unto the world.' Every Believer should bear in mi:.d the parable of the servant who so carefully folded his treasure in a napkin and lid it in the earth. He very well knew that he had in possession something precious, so choice that he did not even wish THE MANIFESTO. 161 to run the risk of making it better or o( obtaining more of the same kind. He knew that this valuable treasure belonged to his Lord and that it was among the best gifts. Just as we know that we have a precious treasure, the power of God unto salvation. To keep this unharmed, and away from the dirty hands of a crowd of worldly-wise-men, he would just hide it away, and on the return of his Lord give it to him exactly as he had received it. Six out of eight persons would quite naturally think that this was the best thing he could have done under the circumstances, and yet it did not seem to be quite right. It is an easy matter for us to determine the 'first duty' of this man, and we wonder how he could have been so stupid in neglecting to increase his temporal or spiritual interests. Can we at this time as readily determine our 'first duty' to God and to humanity?