Select 'RIGHTEOUSNESS.' 'What we need is to write the word 'righteousness' on the play-grounds where the children go to school; write it over every open door through which young men enter upon their lifework; write it on every carriage in which men ride to business, and women to their shopping; write it on the walls of ev,ery bank, counting-room and public building; write it over every entrance of church, that every man may see it when making a public confession of his faith in Christ; write it so plainly that he that would make haste to be rich and great, may learn that there is but one road to real success in this world, and this is the road of strict integrity. God has not given a promise of His favor in this or any other world to any but the righteous man. The man who lives righteously is the only man that need apply for admission to the heavenly kingdom. 'Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.' ' — S. W. Presbyterian WE DO NOT THINK [Written for Pomeroy's Democrat.] WE DO NOT THINK. We do not think when slightingly We speak of one another, That just a passing breeze may fan The spark we ought to smother; For spoken thoughts, are apt to grow— Like buds when fairly started— We seldom dream what form they'll take When from our lips they've parted. We do not think when envy rules, And tongues begin to wander O'er cruel things— which were they heard, Might make our neighbors ponder. They may be wrong—we may be right, But should we try to measure Their lives and actions by our own, Their feelings, at our pleasure? We do not think, that hearts are crushed And brows are madly burning, By just an idle word, which gains A hundred while returning. The pleasure's brief, let conscience reign, How proudly then, we'll own it— That when a slanderous thought steals up, We'll think—-and just postpone it. It is right to be contented with what we have, never with what we are It is right to be contented with what we have, never with what we are. DR. JOHNSON'S PRAYER [Contributed by Anna Ervin.] DR. JOHNSON'S PRAYER. O Lord, my maker and protector, who hast graciously sent me into this world to work out my salvation; enable me to drive from me all such unquiet and perplexing thoughts as may mislead or binder me in the practices of those duties which Thou hast required. When I behold the works of thy hands, give me grace always to remember that thy ways are not my ways, nor thy thoughts, my thoughts. And while it shall please thee to continue me in this world, where much is to be done, and little to be known, teach me by thy holy spirit to withdraw my mind from unprofitable and dangerous inquiries ; from difficulties vainly curious, and doubts impossible to be solved. Let me rejoice in the light thou hast imparted: let me serve thee with active zeal and humble confidence; and wait with patient expectation for the time in which the soul which thou receivest shall be satisfied with knowledge. Grant this, O Lord, for Jesus Christ's sake. Amen.