Select 'RIGHTEOUSNESS.' 'What we need is to write the word 'righteousness' on the play-grounds where the children go to school; write it over every open door through which young men enter upon their lifework; write it on every carriage in which men ride to business, and women to their shopping; write it on the walls of ev,ery bank, counting-room and public building; write it over every entrance of church, that every man may see it when making a public confession of his faith in Christ; write it so plainly that he that would make haste to be rich and great, may learn that there is but one road to real success in this world, and this is the road of strict integrity. God has not given a promise of His favor in this or any other world to any but the righteous man. The man who lives righteously is the only man that need apply for admission to the heavenly kingdom. 'Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.' ' — S. W. Presbyterian WE DO NOT THINK [Written for Pomeroy's Democrat.] WE DO NOT THINK. We do not think when slightingly We speak of one another, That just a passing breeze may fan The spark we ought to smother; For spoken thoughts, are apt to grow— Like buds when fairly started— We seldom dream what form they'll take When from our lips they've parted. We do not think when envy rules, And tongues begin to wander O'er cruel things— which were they heard, Might make our neighbors ponder. They may be wrong—we may be right, But should we try to measure Their lives and actions by our own, Their feelings, at our pleasure? We do not think, that hearts are crushed And brows are madly burning, By just an idle word, which gains A hundred while returning. The pleasure's brief, let conscience reign, How proudly then, we'll own it— That when a slanderous thought steals up, We'll think—-and just postpone it. It is right to be contented with what we have, never with what we are It is right to be contented with what we have, never with what we are. DR. JOHNSON'S PRAYER [Contributed by Anna Ervin.] DR. JOHNSON'S PRAYER. O Lord, my maker and protector, who hast graciously sent me into this world to work out my salvation; enable me to drive from me all such unquiet and perplexing thoughts as may mislead or binder me in the practices of those duties which Thou hast required. When I behold the works of thy hands, give me grace always to remember that thy ways are not my ways, nor thy thoughts, my thoughts. And while it shall please thee to continue me in this world, where much is to be done, and little to be known, teach me by thy holy spirit to withdraw my mind from unprofitable and dangerous inquiries ; from difficulties vainly curious, and doubts impossible to be solved. Let me rejoice in the light thou hast imparted: let me serve thee with active zeal and humble confidence; and wait with patient expectation for the time in which the soul which thou receivest shall be satisfied with knowledge. Grant this, O Lord, for Jesus Christ's sake. Amen. A BUSY BROKER'S BATTLE WITH LUNCH For quick eating go down into the Wall street neighborhood, is the advice of the experienced scribe of the Pittsburg Commercial-Gazette. The busy brokers don't waste minutes over their mid-day bites That was why an exception excited my interest. I saw an unusually hurried stock gambler in Delmonico's down town restaurant. He sat at a small table on which were a mutton chop, fried potatoes, bread and butter and a glass of ale, altogether making a meal of moderate size. His watch lay beside his plate with the case open, and he glanced at its face between mouthfuls, and yet, instead of hurrying he was eating with unusual deliberation, though his anxious regard for the flight of time was plain to be seen. 'I am not trying to eat fast,' he explained, stopping and leaning back. 'I am trying to do it slowly. My best record for a lunch of this size is six minutes. I was proud of it. I could pop out of my office, fill up, and be back at my desk inside of a quarter of an hour; but just as I got my system trained down to that point my doctor said I had got to throw away the profits of my skill or get measured for my coffin. You see this hurried why of eating brought on indigestion, and he ordered me to spend half an hour every day over my lunch. I sat down here at 12.20 and I musn't get up until 12.50. A great waste of time, isn't it? But it is a choice for me between time and eternity, and I am not ready for the latter yet.' THIS LIFE IS WHAT WE MAKE IT Let's oftener talk of noble deeds, And rarer of the bad ones, And sing about our happy days, And none about the sad ones. We were not made to fret and sigh, And when grief sleeps, to wake it; Bright Happiness is standing by— This life is what we make it. Let's find the sunny side of men, Or be believers in it; A light there is in every soul That takes the pains to win it. Oh ! there's a slumbering good in all, And we perchance may wake it; Our hands contain the magic wand— This life is what we make it. Then here's to those whose loving hearts Shed light and joy about them ! Thanks be to them for countless gems We ne'er had known without them. Oh ! this should be a happy world To all who may partake it; The fault's our own if it is not— This life is what we make it. QUIETUDE Convene thyself to little space In this wide world of many, And quietly resume thy place When once assigned to any. The deepest streams roll gently on, • Acid timely reach the ocean ; While babbling brooks that leap and foam Oft spill their given M. W. At the Annual Meeting of the New England Woman Suffrage Association... At the Annual Meeting of the New England Woman Suffrage Association held in Tremont Temple, Boston, in Anniversary week, the following resolutions were adopted :— Resolved, That we reaffirm the principle of representative government for all classes of citizens, and demand its application to women. We arraign the political aristocracy of sex as contrary to nature, reason, justice, expediency and common-sense; we denounce the double standard of morals as at war with domestic purity and public virtue; and we pledge ourselves to continued effort for the establishment of republican government and true democracy in New England. Resolved, That an active Woman Suffrage Society in every New England State is essential to the efficient prosecution of our movement, by circulating petitions and appealing to the Legislatures. We congratulate Rhode Island and Massachusetts upon the activity of their State Associations; we invite the State Societies of Maine, New Hampshire and Connecticut to renewed effort ; and we especially urge the formation of a State Society in Vermont as an important work for this Association during the coming year. Resolved, That we welcome the 'well descended' Remonstrants as new and effective allies in our great work of arousing women to their political duties ; we see in their recent expression of adverse political opinion an indication of the increasing interest of women in public affairs, which is of the very essence of suffrage ; and we regard their opposition as a powerful additional argument for the suffrage which they deprecate. Resolved, That we respectfully invite the opponents of Impartial Suffrage to meet us before the people in a free and full discussion of this great question, and we request our executive committee to arrange for such discussions whenever and wherever practicable. Resolved, That Woman Suffrage should be made a political issue, irrespective of party lines, in the nomination and election of legislators and governors, and that no antisuffrage candidate for these positions shoul 1 ever again receive the votes of the Suffragists of New England. Resolved, Tllat the recent movements by the governments of Canada and Italy to extend suffrage to women is a subject of hearty congratulation. Resolved, That the good results of woman suffrage wherever established, in the old world or in the new,—in England, Scotland, Holland, and Wyoming, and in the School Suffrage of twelve States,—are the pledge and guaranty of its final triumph everywhere. Resolved, That the Suffragists of each and every State in New England should concentrate their labors upon securing full municipal suffrage for women, and should use their most strenuous efforts to get such a law enacted by their coming Legislature. TRUST Whatever we may store up, we should learn this one lesson—that of trust. If we commit ourselves to the heavenly Father, and then follow His leading all through life, knowing that we are safe in the arms of the Lord so that we can bid good-by to every anxiety, then we shall find this old saying come true, 'As thy days, so shall thy strength be.' If you are in trouble, remember the day is over at sundown, and remember the promise, 'As thy day is, so shall thy strength be.' God will not give you grace for to-morrow until it comes. He will take care of you today, and you will know the sweetness of that hymn by Cardinal Newman : 'Lead kindly light, amid the encircling gloom, Lead thou me on; The night is dark, and I am far from home, Lead thou me on; Keep thou my feet, I do not ask to see The distant scene—one step enough for me. '1 was not ever thus, nor prayed that thou Should'st lead me on; I loved to choose and see my path, but now Lead thou me on. I loved the garish day, and spite of fears, Pride ruled my will; remember not past years. 'So long thy power hath blessed me—sure it still Will lead me on, O'er moor and fen, o'er crag and torrent, till The night is gone, And with the morn, those angel faces smile Which I have loved long since, and lost awhile.' The Lord add His blessing to the preaching of His Word. Selccted PUREST BLESSING Canterbury, N. H. 1. Shun the thorn and grow the flower, Speak no sentiment unkind; 2. Let thy deeds like sunlight falling Where the shadows often stray, 3. Best, amid the pearls that glitter, In the victor's diadem, Let thy life like balmy showers, Give sweet fragrance to the mind. And thy voice in loving accents Cheer the weary o'er life's way! Is the one of purest water-----Love—the brilliant, sparkling gem! For with We are This the days so swiftly passing, Friends may go and come no more; all so prone to error, Gifts of love and gospel care halo of our Savior, This the glory of his strife, Let them bear thy purest blessing,—Giving but refills thy store. Are the sweetest joys that mingle With our battle and our prayer. Let us weave its radiant brightness In the fabric of our life.