REPLY, NO. 2 ANNA ERVIN God loved him as a Son; the spirit was given him without measure. John iii, 34. He was thus, the 'first born of many brethren.' Rom. viii, 29. In obedience to the Divine will he leaves the narrow sphere of his parent's home to labor for the good of others, and to form a body of followers into a nucleus, to discipline them into the principles of the resurrection. But his sympathies have not yet passed beyond 'the lost sheep of the house of Israel.' Matt, xv, 24. Only under protest does he move out of this sphere of action. Yet he realizes that God is kind to the unthankful and to the evil. Luke vi, 35. Here we see the beautiful germ of the universal sympathies, of the greater works he foretold for his followers. Jno. xiv 12. He was developed in these principles as far as a Jew could be, and thus became the spiritual father of the human race. In him was manifested in the highest degree possible at that time, the masculine Christian qualities. He was truly the Second Adam of whom the first Adam was the Archetype. But there is something lacking in the ministrations of our dear spiritual Father. The power of his divine commission is undoubted, his resignation to the divine will complete, his comprehension of divine purposes sublime. But he has received no aid from the heavenly mother : Wisdom yet has failed to make her mark. The woman is quite ignored. Seeing himself, the end from the beginning, he hesitates not to urge his disciples to forsake their houses and kindreds for the sake of the gospel, without providing any other protection than dependence on the Divine will and proposes a paralyzing inactivity, in providing for the needs of the body. He sends his disciples through the country and instructs them to shake off the dust of their feet as a testimony against those who do not receive them. He curses an innocent fig tree ; he takes ropes to drive business men out of the temple; he almost recommends his disciples to use the sword after his death; the burden of his testimony is 'woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites, ye vipers, ye shall receive condemnation.' He thus violates in the most glaring manner the eternal principles of the meek and lowly spirit that he was born into. There is a hardness, a lack of the softening influence of home; notwithstanding the energy, the divine afflatus, the brilliant spiritual successes that marked his career. He and his immediate followers were doing the rough work for Ann Lee. As you well know the Church, which his immediate followers established on the earth, fell away, according to prophecy, ii Thess. ii. 3. It was prophesied that Christ should 'appear a second time without sin unto salvation.' Heb. ix. 21. But the Apostles profess their ignorance of the nature of that appearance, i Cor. xii. 9. 10. i Peter i. 5. i John iii. 2. Thus these divinely inspired men acknowledge their ignorance respecting the nature of Chritt's second appearing. Now the reason of the falling away of the first Church was from that very incompleteness, which has been mentioned. The Bridegroom had come; but where was the Bride? His were only 'children by adoption.' Rom. viii. 15 Could a permanent spiritual organization be founded without a Mother? Impossible! Whence, then, comes the Bride? She comes out of the agonizing throes of nearly 1800 years. The vast preparatory leaven of Jesus had done its work. All creation groaned and travailed together, in vain ef THE MANIFESTO. 149 forts to find its God, until the Mother is manifested by Ann Lee. We do not here recount her history; that may be found in the accompanying tract. But it will be enough to say that out of her sufferings she became as an innocent child, and was born into the universal sympathies ; and that from her labors and and teachings has emanated a social organization, permanently founded on the principles of equality of the sexes, virgin purity, unworldliness, the confession of sin, and com' munity of property; the practical fruits of which are pure love, industry, meekness, unselfishness, innocence and all good Christian qualities. And it may safely be said that all the modern improvements in the condition of women in civilized Society, date subsequent to the establishment of these principles ; and that the final result of these principles will be the establishment of universal justice. Thus Ann Lee is the Second Eve, just as Jesus is the Second Adam. Herein is completed the marriage of the Lamb and Bride. Rev. xxi. 9.; a spiritual marriage, producing spiritual children. And as the earthy Adam and Eve peopled the earth with fallen human beings, so do the second Adam and Eve, the spiritual Bridegroom and Bride, beget, bring forth and nourish those fallen beings into the principles of the resurrection, by which they gain eternal life, iu themselves, by patient continuance in well-doing. I have thus thrown out a few hints; but the subject will richly repay a closer examination. Your Friend, A. E.