At the Annual Meeting of the New England Woman Suffrage Association... At the Annual Meeting of the New England Woman Suffrage Association held in Tremont Temple, Boston, in Anniversary week, the following resolutions were adopted :— Resolved, That we reaffirm the principle of representative government for all classes of citizens, and demand its application to women. We arraign the political aristocracy of sex as contrary to nature, reason, justice, expediency and common-sense; we denounce the double standard of morals as at war with domestic purity and public virtue; and we pledge ourselves to continued effort for the establishment of republican government and true democracy in New England. Resolved, That an active Woman Suffrage Society in every New England State is essential to the efficient prosecution of our movement, by circulating petitions and appealing to the Legislatures. We congratulate Rhode Island and Massachusetts upon the activity of their State Associations; we invite the State Societies of Maine, New Hampshire and Connecticut to renewed effort ; and we especially urge the formation of a State Society in Vermont as an important work for this Association during the coming year. Resolved, That we welcome the 'well descended' Remonstrants as new and effective allies in our great work of arousing women to their political duties ; we see in their recent expression of adverse political opinion an indication of the increasing interest of women in public affairs, which is of the very essence of suffrage ; and we regard their opposition as a powerful additional argument for the suffrage which they deprecate. Resolved, That we respectfully invite the opponents of Impartial Suffrage to meet us before the people in a free and full discussion of this great question, and we request our executive committee to arrange for such discussions whenever and wherever practicable. Resolved, That Woman Suffrage should be made a political issue, irrespective of party lines, in the nomination and election of legislators and governors, and that no antisuffrage candidate for these positions shoul 1 ever again receive the votes of the Suffragists of New England. Resolved, Tllat the recent movements by the governments of Canada and Italy to extend suffrage to women is a subject of hearty congratulation. Resolved, That the good results of woman suffrage wherever established, in the old world or in the new,—in England, Scotland, Holland, and Wyoming, and in the School Suffrage of twelve States,—are the pledge and guaranty of its final triumph everywhere. Resolved, That the Suffragists of each and every State in New England should concentrate their labors upon securing full municipal suffrage for women, and should use their most strenuous efforts to get such a law enacted by their coming Legislature.