EZEKIEL MORRILL ABRAHAM PERKINS Ezekiel Morrill was born in South Hampton, N. H. Nov. 15, 1747. In the days of his childhood, his father moved with his familv to Canterbury, N. H., where Ezekiel lived more than forty years, when he was called to the Eldership of the church at Enfield, N. H. in the establishment of the order of that Society in 1793. He was reared under the influence of the principles of Calvinism, was early religiously impressed and deeply concerned for the salvation of his soul ; yet, having but faint hope of being one of the small number elected to salvation, he resolved to pursue a worldly course, and also equally determined to listen to the voice of the spirit and embrace its testimony, if it spake to his understanding. Thus he lived until over thirty years of age, when a great religions revival pervaded Canterbury and neighboring towns and he was mightily wrought upon and deeply convicted of his loss from God. In his worldly pursuits, he seemed to be completely arrested, '.nd in that element his interest was lost. Under this conviction, he united with a body called Free-will Baptists, believing that the church of Christ must be a pure body. Realizing as he did his remoteness from God, that his inward corruption, as he expressed it, was not removed, by which he was brought into captivity to the spirit of darkness, he felt unable to live to the light of his conviction, nor was he able to discover the cause of weakness and want of power in the church, lie therefore conceived the idea that it could not b3 found short of a new revelation, which would give travel to the soul in regeneration. Still he could not see in what the cross consisted which would give birth to such travel. For four years he labored and struggled in deep tribulation and agony of'soul, often encouraged by bright manifestations and visions., which served to Mipport and hold him, until he found deliverance through messengers commissioned by Ann Lee, to go forth and proclaim the testimony of Christ, the genuine resurrection, a life out from the order of the old creation into the spirit and baptism of the new heavens. Through the labors of these ministers, his eyes were opened, the mystery of iniquity, the man of sin, was revealed. His reason was convinced that the lust of the flesh was the vail that darkened the soul; that he must make confession of his sins unto God, in the presence of his witnesses, slay his carnal life and consecrate all his powers of his soul and body, with no reserve, and live to God. True to his convictions and to his vows, he made the sacrifice, with a firm determination that nothing should come between him and his God to change his purpose, though the heavens fall. He often visited Mother Ann Lee and the first Elders of the Shaker church, and found them to be genuine Christians, just such a people as he had sought after, whose life and testimony bore witness to the truth of the purity of heart which the baptism of the Christ spirit gives. Ezekiel's worldly prospects were flattering and his marital relations were of the most agreeable character ; yet, when compared with the riches of the gospel and the angel life, they were secondary considerations. He felt that no earthly THE MANIFESTO. 151? tie should be a snare or an obstacle in his way to prevent his obedience to his religious faith, which demanded a life of celibacy, chastity and purity in every sense of the word. His wife at the same time received faith in the testimony of Christ's second appearing without sin unto salvation, and rendered him great support in his early strife for victory over the nature )f sin. She was a talented, strongminded Christian woman, ever true to her profession. She was a daughter of a deacon of an orthodox church from one of the most honorable families. She with Ezekiel occasionally visited her parents where they openly declared their faith and demonstrated their Christian life and character. Her father become so deeply convicted of the truth of their testimony and the emptiness of his Christian profession, that he refused to serve as a deacon in his church. Consequently his pastor commissioned his other deacon to make labors with him and cause him to return to the forms of their service, when he also seemed to become convinced there was more formalism than substance in his profession and he refused to serve. The duty then devolved on the pastor to make labors to reclaim his deacons, whose reasons for refusal were such as to bring their pastor to the realization of the absence of the spirit of Christ in his mission work. He therefore fell into despair, pronounced his profession a sham, that he was unworthy of longer existence and died from starvation. Ezekiel lived to the age of eighty eight years, loyal to the principles of truth as revealed to his understanding from the heavens, respected and honored by his faithful gospel kindred, sternly exact and fearless in all the duties of life, despite opposition or the friendship andi honor which a worldly life offered.. Enfield, N. H.