Letter Box Dear Editor;—Wishing to become useful in Society we... June 18, 1883 Dear Editor;—Wishing to become useful in Society we thought we might improve our ability and set a good example to our companions by writing a few thoughts for the Letter Box, on this wise : Be yourself—even if you are naturally a little serious or thoughtful, and perhaps might think you would be preferred by many acquaintances if you were more genial and pleasant. Why, some persons really demean themselves in the estimation of their friends, by trying to assume the manners and ways of another, instead of being true to themselves. There is a class of persons who boast of the great amount of individuality they possess, but if you notice their habits, you will see but very little that is natural, without affectation; and should you by chance read their letters or compositions, one would find them pretty much all made up of quotations, without a single original idea. Now we believe that every responsible being is intended to have a character of his own, and to be what no other person is, or ever can be, by strictly obeying the monitor which our wise Father has given to all, that we might each act for ourselves, regardless of the praise, applause or blame of those around us. We do not mean by this that one should be haughty or self-sufficient, for these errors belong to the list of evils indulged in by the ignorant and foolish. 'Be what ycu seem to be, and seem to be what you really are,' was the advice of our good Father James Whittaker, one of the first leaders of our church, and we can plainly see by this that to 'be one's self,' means simply to be honest. If we always act truthfully ourselves though we may be far from perfection, we will never lack love, beauty, companions or friends. We have tried to write our simple thoughts and hope to make the impression that we will be thoroughly true to our convictions of right, and will seek the union and companionship of such who are likewise honest. That we may be vessels of honor in our beautiful Church relation. Faithfully, L.