SHAKERISM FLOYD C. FIELD. What are the future prospects for Shake rism? This is a question which agitates the mind of many true Believers. This subject has a tendency to cause uneasiness or partial unhappiness to many of the old and well tried heroes and heroines who have, stood for scores of years upon the solid rock of Christian purity. They feel sad when they see their beloved brothers and sisters passing away, who once labored so zealously in the grand work of regeneration. As they look around them now, they observe only a few of their original number. It is true others have come to the fold, but only a few wave the banner of purity and proclaim the truths with the zeal and fer- 154 THE MANIFESTO. vor that characterized those who built our homes and turned the wilderness and forests into a garden of Eden. Is it a wonder that they sometimes feel sad and occasionally tears glisten in their eyes as they look back to the time when multitudes of sinners flocked to the altar of mercy, eager to confess their sins, and live the Christ life.? At times the scenes are brought so vividly before their minds that they seem to be living wholly in the past; they can see the sparkling waters of purity flowing in their midst, and containing such a healing balm that even the silvery ripples gave strength to hundreds that nocked to the brink of the holy waters. They imagine they are young again ; they hear words of wisdom spoken with a power that sends conviction to the heart, they confess their sins, and rejoice over their great victory; joy fills their soul, and it is seemingly impossible for them to sit down and wait for the world to come to them ; but they go out and labor; preach plain practical truths ; success crowns their efforts, large accessions follow; they labor with their hearts rilled with divine love. But soon the spell is broken and they realize that they are living in a different age, an age of lukewarmness and worldliness, associated with some who care not for real spiritual growth; but they are waiting : patiently waiting; hoping, that, ere long the power of God will manifest itself as it has in days that are past. We are still living in an age when only plain practical truths can reach and penetrate the hearts of those who are hungering and thirsting for new light to beam upon their famishing souls. Knowledge in metaphysics, discussing on the personality of God, worrying our minds on such subjects as spontaneous generation, and having contentions over issues that are wholly irrelevant to all Christian virtues, can never bring the success that crowned the efforts of the early Believers. There is enough truth in the teachings of Jesus and Mother Ann to save all that desire to live a higher, nobler and purer life! If we had as much zeal and enthusiasm and loved humanity, as well as the early founders of our organization, we would soon be under the necessity of forming new societies, and angelic bands would be in our midst, then we would not be under the necessity of telling what the Lord did for his people nearly a century ago, but we could realize a present blessing, and an out-pouring of the spirit of God, for if there ever was a time when the world needed Shaker principles it is now ! 'Say not ye, there are yet four months and then cometh harvest? Behold I say unto you, Lift up your eyes, and look on the fields for they are white already to harvest.' I believe a better day is dawning, the world is beginning to realize the terrible influence and prevalence of sensuality. All classes of society feel the great power that the animal nature hath over them, and thousands would willingly separate themselves from the world if the testimony of Jesus could be fairly presented to them. Those principles which Jesus taught must always have followers, for they are founded upon the Hock of Ages, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against them. At times the prospects may look dark, but a glorious morn soon comes. 'Watchman what of the night? The watchman said, the morning cometh, and also the night, if ye will inquire, inquire- ye, return, come! 1' So let us gird on the armor of purity, wave the weapon of love, striving to assist all, by showing them the way of life, by so doing and trusting in God and working for his cause, our hopes and anticipations will be more than realized. Furthermore, these principles will continue to shine as a halo of glory, ages after our bodies have crumbled back to mother earth ! Principles founded upon Infinite truth can never die ! God will triumph. May we labor for those principles which Christ taught; may we have the same spirit of meekness and humility that characterized his life; may we have the charity and the love for mankind that Jesus had, and live a pure life, and we will ultimately become more han victors, and conquerors in the grand work of the re-generation ! 'Awake, awake, put on thy strength 0 Zion, put on thy beautiful garments O Jerusa- THE MANIFESTO. 155 lem,' the holy city—'With the voice togeth er shall they sing, for they shall see eye to eye when the Lord shall bring again Zion !' South, Union, Ky.