MORNING THOUGHTS. MARTHA J ANDERSON. Even as the sun in the beauty and glory of its rising, shineth out from the east, and sheds its glowing effulgence over hill and valley ; so, in the fullness of Thy blessing, beneficent Father and Mother, I feel my soul immersed. Out of the chill and darkness of superstition's night, out of the blinding mists of error, Thy gracious spirit hath led me, until in Thy light I behold the life of immortal joy and hope. My soul, made plastic by the influences of the molding power of truth, shall be fashioned according to Thy will, a vessel fit for service in the temple of Infinite Love, where all nations, kindreds, tongues aud people shall mingle thsir offerings of praise to Thee, the First Great Cause, the Central Sun of all existence. I feel the expanding life of the soul of Universal Good which permeates material things ; it bursts the casements of earth-bound thought, and the germs of all that is true and pure, spring upward to the light. O God ! Wisdom and Love, benignant, merciful and just! As I behold Thee, visible in all the length and breadth of this grand universe ; as I contemplate the vastness of Thy creations of thought; the perfectness of Thy laws, and the harmonious relation existing between the mighty forces that carry on the ceaseless motions of vast systems of worlds ; I am bewildered, over-awed, and wrapt in reverential admiration. How narrow the mind that cramps Thy revelations in a creed ; that closes the volume of Thy truth, and stifles the inspiration of Thy life, ever welling up in the unfolding soul. Expand, O mind of man ! Leap the prison walls of dogmatism ; drink in the light of heaven that beameth even from the east to the west. The painted windows of man-made sanctuaries have too long intercepted its glorious rays ; while thy religious natuie, has been clouded by the darkening shadows of false theologyLTp! for the morning dawns; put forth all thy energies ; scale the eternal hills of truth ; find rest only where living streams are flowing in pleasant vallies ; where the jarring strife of passion is not known; where man with man in holy brotherhood, do justice, love mersj, and walk uprightly according to the law of God written in their hearts. Then earth shall blossom and teem THE MANIFESTO. 183 with the fruitage of universal love, and no dark veil shall hide the brightness of that sun that ushers in the day of everlasting peace. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.