JOHN WADELEIGH BY HENRY C. BLINN. John was the son of Thomas Wadleigh an early proprietor of Perrytown, now Sutton, N. H. He had eight brothers and three sisters, but from this large family he, only, was a Shaker. 'Few families in New England have been more respectable, so long lived, so patriotic and so useful as this family of brothers and sisters of Wadleighs.' John was born in Hawke, now Danville, N. H. March 1, 1759. Although he was one among the first that entered the Shaker order in N. H. he did not reside in Canterbury till 1792. Ex. Gov. Isaac Hill who visited the Society at Canterbury in 1848 had an interview with John and soon after published the following in the Farmer's Monthly Visitor. 'An Unpensioned Revolutionary Veteran.' 'We had hardly expected at this late period to meet a man in New Hampshire whose recollection should extend back as a participator in the events which occurred on Bunker Hill on the 17th, June 1775. In the time of a very pleasant and agreeable visit to our friends of the First Family of Shakers at Canterbury, we took pains to obtain an interview with the oldest man of that Community ; John Wadleigh, aged 92 years. At the age of nineteen he fought side by side in the battle of Bunker Hill with an older brother, the late Thomas Wadleigh, of Sutton. He was then of Col. James Read's regiment who went upon the field with Gen. Stark. 'This venerable gentlemen tarried from his work to give us an opportunity 176 THE MANIFESTO. for an interview. We found him at the place where he is always busy at work, and in fact would be out of his element if not at work. When the weather is suitable he enjoys being in the open field. In 1789 he was a Shaker in Enfield, N. H. but has lived in Canterbury since 1792. He bought a lot of land after the Revolution, but he says he heard the first sound of the gospel while at Enfield, and was gathered to that place. 'During this whole time he has been as enthusiastic as if under a divine impulse in his relig'ous profession, never halting in the zeal and confidence which inspire him to lively activity even at this great age. This man in the last sixty years has probably performed more manual labor than possibly any other man who has ever lived in the State. Within the last twenty years, taking charge of the cultivated fields of the First Family, he has done the work, often, of full two common men ; his diligence has always been unwearied, and he has scarcely ever known one hour of ill health. At this great age, under still severe labor, his sleep is as sound as that of an infant. (This year he is taking care of two acres of beans and has hoed them four times.) 'John Wadleigh was a soldier of the Revolution five years. He was at the surrender of FortTiconderoga, May 10, 1775, at the battle of Bunker Hill, June 17, 1775, at the surrender of Burgoyne in Oct. 1777 ; in the Rhode Island Expedition of 1778 and at the surrender of Cornwallis Yorktown, Va. Oct. 19, 1781.' Becoming a member of the Shaker Community soon after the close of the war, he never applied for, nor received the pension to which he was entitled by the laws of his country. With the same unswerving courage that he fought against the enemies of his country, he as ably and as willingly manifested while fighting against the enemies of the Lord. Enthusiastic under the Divine impulse, his zeal and confidence in the religious profession which he had espoused was never known to waver. After he had accepted the faith of the Believers, he made a journey to Ashfield, Mass, to have an interview with Mother Ann and the Elders, who were holding meetings in that place. While there, he asked the advice of Mother Ann in reference to the settlement of his temporal affairs, as he was quite anxious to enter the family of Believers. Mother Ann asked ;—Are your parents still living? John replied,—My mother has passed away, but I am living with my father in the town of Sutton, N. H. 'Then,' said Mother Ann, 'I advise you, young man, to return to your home and honestly to confess your sins to your father, and then you will be able to hold your testimony. Own the gospel of Christ wherever you go and that will give you strength and protection. If you are ashamed to own Christ before men, he will not own you before Grodand his angels.' For a short season John Wadleigh officiated as an Elder in the first family, at Canterbury, and for twenty years he had the management of the farm, during which time he made many improvements. He passed from this life, Oct. 23, 1852 in the 96th year of his age, retaining to the last an active memory and a devoted spirit. Canterbury, N. H.