UNION. NANCY G. DANFORTH. Believiug that union to the body of Believers is necessary in order to progress in the work of God, we wish to increase our store, that we may travel heavenward, and be able to come into the new earth wherein dwelleth righteousness, that righteousness which admits of no wrong, and where the former things are not remembered, the works of the old creation come not into mind ; but we can labor for all temporal blessings, while our spirits are continually rising over the low degrees of an evil nature ; and by the cross of self-denial constantly ascending higher and still higher in the divine life, until we arrive at the new heavens, where nought but purity reigns, and love to God pervades all. Full well we know that our redemption is not gained by idle wishes or vain aspirations, but it is by self-denial and sacrifice only. When we reflect on those days of deepest sorrow, those nights of bitter agony which our suffering Mother Ann Lee passed through that she might prepare herself a temple for the living God ; How, we ask, are we to become a child that she can own ? Is it by ease, or indulgence in any of the depraved passions or appetites of the human heart ? In no wise, only by continued efforts that we lay hold of eternal life, and have it constantly in possession. 'Eternal Vigilence is the price of liberty,' and in this THE MANIFESTO. 179 struggle against self, we grow that strong bond of union which unites us to the whole household of faith, by the tenderest ties of gospel affection,—ties stronger than nature ever knew. When we look abroad over the earth, and behold man made in the image of God, to be a glory to his Creator, what do we behold? what is the present condition of the masses? God is not in all his thoughts, but he is ever following his own passions, seeking pleasure in ungodliness. Where, we ask, is the hand stretched forth to save? Can he ever be reached in mercy? And the answer comes in thrilling tones ; In Zion is salvation for poor suffering humanity—Then how great the responsibility which rests on her inmates, and how few the number to labor for the many millions of earth's inhabitants. We must work, work collectively and individually, work earnestly and consecratedly, till we can fully work for God unreservedly, and feel the blessing of His spirit with us continually. Canterbury, N. H.