SELECT THE STINGING TREE. The stinging tree of Queensland, Australia, is a luxurious shrub, pleasing to the eye but dangerous to the touch. It grows from two or three inches to ten or fifteen feet in height, and emits a disagreeable odor. Says a traveler, 'Sometimes while shootirg turkeys in the shrubs, I have entirely forgotten the stinging tree till I was warned of its close proximity by its smell, and have often found myself in a little forest of them. I was only once stung, and that very lightly. Its effects are curious ; it leaves no mark, but the pain is maddening, and for months afterwards the part when touched is tender in rainy weather, or when it gets wet in washing, etc. I have seen a man who treats ordinary pain, lightly, roll on the ground in agony after being stuns, and I have known a horse so completely mad after getting iato a grove of the trees that he rushed open mouthed at every one who approached him, and had to be shot Dogs, when stung, will rush about whining piteously biting pieces from the affected part. — Frank Leslie's III. WANTED, MEN. We take up the paper daily, and casting our glances down the long column we see many persons asked for after the word 'Wanted.' Cooks and chamber-maids, coachmen and butlers, clerks and porters are needed here and there and everywhere. And yet the greatest need of the nineteenth century we do not see adA^ertised, and if we diJ all that could conscientiously apply would find room for employment, and still there would be acres at least of unoccupied space. Men wanted. Men who are honest and pure. Men who are wholesome and truthful. Men who will not be bribed. Men who are like fair, refreshing fruit, sound at the heart's core. Men wanted. Men who are unwilling to eat the bread of idleness. Men who will scorn to wear what they have not honestly paid for. Men who know what ought to be done and will do it. Men who are not egotistic, but rather have the courage given by the spirit to do and to dare. Men who will give good counsel, who will set a good example for emulation, who will sympathize with the grieving and succor the distressed. Men who will scorn to do a base thing even in their zeal for a friend; for as Jeremy Taylor says, he that does, 'burns the golden thread that ties them together.' Men who know how to obey before they take the command. Men who do more than they talk. Men who do good to their friends to keep them, and to their enemies to gain them. Men whose hearts compare favorably with full pocketbooks—who believe in systematic giving and advocate it. Men whose hearts are touched by the sadness of others, who are moved by a little hungry face and cold bare feet. Men wanted. Men who are brave and tender, who are not ashamed to wipe tears away. Men whose acts will bring smiles to wan faces. Men who hush lamentations, and are rewarded with sweet songs of thanksgiving. Sherman Democrat.