House and Farm Watermelon Preserve —To 30 lbs. of melon add 34 lbs. sugar. Cut the melon in pieces an inch thick, or larger if preferred, and boil in 9 quarts of cider, or acid water, until it is soft, then skim out into a cullender to drain. Pour out the cider and put in the sugar, with water enough to dissolve it readily, and skim it well. Then put in the melon, and let it boil until it looks clear.— Tomato Catsup —To a peck of tomatos, boiled soft, and strained in a sieve that will allow the pulp to run through. Add four table spoonfuls of salt, four of ground pepper, four of ground mustard seed, two of ground allspice two of ground cloves, one of cayenne pepper, one gallon of strong vinegar, boil gently three hours, cool and bottle. M. C. Care of Irons. When irons become rough or smoky, lay a little fine salt on a flat surface and rub them well; it will prevent them from sticking to anything starched, and make them smooth; or scour with bath-brick before heating, and when hot rub well with salt, and then with a small piece of bees-wax tied up in a rag, after which wipe clean on a dry cloth. A piece of fine sand paper is also a good thing to have near the stove, or a hard, smooth board covered with brick-dust, to rub each iron on when it is put back on the stove, so that no starch may remain to be burnt on. Put bees-wax between pieces of paper or cloth and keep on the table close by the flatiron stand. If the irons get coated with scorched starch, rub them over the paper that holds the starch and it will come off. Rubbing the iron over the waxed paper, even if no starch adheres, adds to the glossiness of the linen that is ironed. Religious Telescope Cooking does not render diseased... Cooking does not render diseased or putrefying meat wholesome. To remove a scorch. —If a shirt-bosom or any other article has been scorched in ironing, lay it where the bright sun will fall directly upon it. It will take it entirely out. Worms —'The Formation of Vegetable Mold through the Action of Worms' is the title of Mr. Darwin's latest book. He says that every English earth-worm—a creature which is little else than a digestive apparatus—probably passes, on an average, about twenty ounces of matter through its body in a year. It brings this matter to the surface of the earth, and there deposits it, and brings it up in a very different form from that in which the matter existed before it passed through the worm. The earth is digested or triturated in the gizzard of the worm, and combined with the fibrous parts of the leaves on which it feeds and with which it lines its burrows. The moid that results is what is known as 'vegetable mold.' He says: 'When we behold a wide turf-covered expanse, we should remember that its smoothness, on which so much of its beauty depends, is mainly due to all the inequalities having been slowly leveled by worms. It is a marvelous reflection that the whole of the superficial mold over any such expanse has passed, and will again pass every few years, through the bodies of the worm. The plough is one of the most ancient and most valuable of man's inventions : but, long before he existed, the land was in fact regularly ploughed and still continues to be thus ploughed, by earth-worms.' In many parts of England, Mr. Darwin estimates that more than ten tons of dry earth annually passes through their bodies, and are brought to the surface on each acre of land. Supposing that in Great Britain there are thirty-two millions of such acres, three hundred and twenty millions of tons of earth are brought to the surface by them, in Great Britain alone, in a single year. Selected.