RULES FOR NEW-BEGINNERS. DANIEL OFFORD. 1. When hitching on to a wagon, always put up the pole, or shafts, before hitching the traces. 2. When unhitching from a wagon, or sleigh, always unhitch all the traces, before doing up the lines or letting down the pole. 3. When taking the team out, especially in the morning, be extra patient and gentle, for they are then the most full of life, which life should be directed and guided by the teamster, not provoked by impatience into ugliness. If the team is inclined to back out with a rush, take them by the head and do not use the whip, but speak kindly and deal gently. 4. After getting hitched on to the wagon or sleigh, never start off the instant you get in, but teach the team to stand still till you are sure everything is all right. Glance over the harness and whiffle-trees before starting— make this a habit. 5. After you have driven or been at work and have occasion to stand awhile, put the blankets on, if the weather be at all cold. 6. Never leave tlie team a minute -without; hitching! 7. Always hitch with ties, not with the lines, or bridle, unless from absolute necessity. 8. Always take your ties with you. 9. When a horse is sweaty, never let him drink more than a small pail of water—never let him go to the water tub and drink all he inclines to, when he is warm, whether on the road, or going to the stable. 10. Upon putting the team into the stable, never leave the door open so that the cool, or cold air will blow upon them. 11. On no account, take the lamp when it is lighted, out of the lantern, in the stable or barn—have a place to hang it. 12. Always know that your team is all right, before you retire. 13. Remember that it is with harness as with your own clothes—a stitch in time will often save much loss. 14. Govern your own spirit, if you would have perfect control of your horse. Never strike a horse when you are out of temper. Reprove your own self, then you will succeed much better in training your team. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.