GOD'S KINGDOM-ITS LIFE GILES B. AVERY Spiritually, as physically, when the pabulum of life is scaut, and hunger is rampant, mankind struggle with determined energy to obtain sustenance ; but, when abundance is dispensed, society becomes dainty ; whimsical and delicate. When the human family, unenlightened, and groping in darkness, stumbled into pitfalls of sin, against the laws of truth and righteousness, and, as the fruit thereof, suffered in sorrow and pain, man was prompted to struggle for light, and emancipation from error; but, when, bathed in the sunshine of truth, by the rays of revelation and science, and a high way of truth is cast up to walk in, and eleared of the stumps and rocks of error, then, there is a tendency to indifference, and listlessness ; to effeminacy and weakness ; a dependence on the institution, and its -provincial strength, instead of personal wrestling for the prize of salvation and redemption ! THE MANIFESTO. 171 As the belief in the sufferings of Jesus for the sins of professed believers in his mission, induces in an obtuse conscience, a liberty to sin, so the tendency of bylaws, communal organizations,—institutions of safety for souls, in the dispensation of Christ's Second Appearing,— a privilege of fellowship with the pure and good, is, by some, used as a substitute for personal struggle, and wrestling to overcome the powers of sin in the soul of the individual; thus ensues supineness, weakness, stupidity, a lifelessness and want of interest in the attainment of spiritual force ! ! When Institutions survive only by dint of formerly earned respectability, dead weight character, their decease is inevitable. But, if Christianity perishes in the soul of any individual professor, or any community of professors, it is not from outward opposition, but from internal idleness ;—a suicide ! The tendency of religionists, unless constantly supplied with living inspirations, is, graduating to indifferentism ; but, in this condition, man's hope of Heaven dies ; he then sinks into materialism, and lives but for sensual pleasure, which ends in death for both soul and body. A mere ceremonial Christianity, soon becomes not only tasteless, but disgusting. Prayers which do not flow from the soul's vital recesses and consecrated chambers, are like perfumes, wasted on the desert air. A living spirit is shocked at the contradictions between living principles,—Christian, and the practical lives of many Christian professors ; and, yet, custom, fashion, the poise of the multitude, soon fuse the souls of the masses of professors of Christianity into acquiesence. Sorrowful! The bewildering sophism of justification by faith alone, dazes the senses, bedims the spirit's vision, and alone makes possible the organization of a church whose creed is substituted for righteousness of life. Genuine Christianity, which fits the soul for Divine inspirations, will not permit the covering of internal evils, by external professions. But, it is lamentably the fact, that this kind of Christianity, has, at present, very few devotees ; while those professedly Christian churches, falsely so named, that pander most to worldly vices, and selfish greed, which succeeding ages, and non-professing beholders brand as crimes, will be most numerous ! A profession of Christianity which proposes the attainment of Heaven only in the world to come, while countenancing the indulgence of sin in this life, is the curse of the Christian Cause, the bane of true religion. The world is perishing for a religion that makes an end of sinning, and thus introduces heaven upon earth—its advent in the soul of the professor. A claim to a love of God, which does not find expression in love to man, is as frail as a rope of sand. What the world labels Christian, is a vile drug, producing spiritual disease and death, instead of curing the sinner. It would find its analogy in a sick man's contemplating being healed by his prescribing physician using the medicine himself. But, the world desires a Christianity which will save men in their self-hood of sins ; while Christ's Christianity is to save men from this sinful self-hood; and still, the very religion that the world seeks, it despises ! It has lost faith in it, because of its impotency! But, the human soul, like a wind decoyed aeronaut, is peering into universal 172 THE MANIFESTO. space to find anchorage,—a place of safety and rest; this is prophetic of a new day ; for 'He that seeketh, findeth, and, to him that knocketh, it shall be opened.' Humanity is traveling to a new birth ! The tangled skein of the thread of creedal theology,—called popular religion, has strongly tied up the portemonnaie of salvation, and that soul food that satisfies the hungering spirit for Divine Inspirations ; but, the sword of revealed truth will cut its gordian knot, and open a religion whose love to God above is manifest in love to man below. This institutes a kingdom wherein self interest is eliminated ; and inaugurates the platonic philanthropy, and love to humanity, which provides that all gains shall be dedicated to the weal of that kingdom of God, which breathes peace on earth* to man, good will: therefore, no man can come into this kingdom, in its true and spiritual relations, keepingback his possessions. In this kingdom all are servants of God and His Christ; but, in different ranks of service ; hence, obedience to the revealed will of our Heavenly King, is the law of this association. Every true subject stands ever ready for any service unto which the call extends, if able to perform its duties ; giving life, substance and talents, to the kingdom ; and, in these, the King and kingdom are manifested in their glorious dominion ; for every true soldier of Christ, now freed from selfish, worldly cares, is at liberty, like the birds of Heaven, to move where duty in Zion's heavenly interest calls. Souls enveloped in their sin stained garments are repulsive to virgin spirits, clothed in holiness ! Has the Lord instituted any means of soul cleansing? Indeed, He hath not left man without a very efficient soul detergent—an honest confession of every sin&gt; accompanied by sincere repentance,—leaving off*. Then, that universal love, that develops charity and mercy, the ministering evangel which alone can reach their benighted retreat, and lead them out, into the sunshine of God's great salvation, will heal the wounds that sin hath made. But, the Kingdom of God is not formed by coercion ; it is built up by volunteer laborers, who inherit eternal substance ; not as the wages of hirelings, but as heirs,—sons and daughters in the house of our Heavenly Father and Mother. This kingdom permits no extremes of opulence and poverty, but its bounties are the feast of its every subject, and, poverty, unknown. Therefore, when souls are so progressed in godliness that all their interests are merged in the will of the Divine, no selfish desire and purpose can find a residence in their domain ; neither will they contract a larger self interest communistically, solating family from family, and community from community ; but, they will act on the principle that the whole treasure, of souls truly consecrated to the work of building up a ''New, and Heavenly Creation' that centers in God, and all who serve the Lord, will be their welcome guests ; and all who have sinned, and truly confess and repent, will be invited in. This banishes the incentive which propels the selfish man, the man of the world ; banishes the greed of Mammon, and his hireling spoils ; for no man can inherit the riches of the fullness of the Kingdom of God, who selfishly reserves his possessions of private claim ; aye, more, his personal life. But, if souls truly enter God's Kingdom, they will, THE MANIFESTO. 173 they must lay upon its shrine their only all; for, when their life is merged into this heavenly relation, their whole interest will be like G-od's sunshine, devoted to do good unselfishly, first, to the Household of faith, and thence outward as far as the treasures of their munificence may extend. With true heaven born souls, a selfish portion hoarded, and used only for self, is abhorrent, for their life is swallowed up in the one united inheritance of the saints—the true subjects of Christ's Kingdom. Any other use of gains, starves brotherly and sisterly manhood and womanhood, while the animal body is fed. If the communion table is divided by self interests the Church rends itself into heresies, and ceases to be endued with the Holy Spirit, which i the life of the one united inheritance of Christ's Kingdom. 'Let him that readeth understand.' And, to rule successfully in Christ's Kingdom one must acquire the virtue to love humanity as God loves ; not sins, but souls ! 'All souls are mine, saith the Lord.' And, 'if ye love those only who love you, what reward have ye ? Do not even the publicans the same ?' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.