SANITARY APHORISMS FROM DR. HALL'S WORKS. To live long, and well, and usefully, be temperate in all things, remembering that the only certain and effectual way of being temperate in reference to liquor is, never taste a drop. What a grand thing for the doctors that so few people have any sense, not even sense enough to keep well, by living justly, Jiving temperately, etc. True wisdom lies in the moderate use of all the good things of this life. Alcohol has an affinity for the brain. Within an hour after a glass of brandy is swallowed, more of it is found in a given quanthy of brain than in any equal quantity of blood. Man is the only animal that drinks without being thirsty. If you are eating and find you have had enough and don't want a mouthful more, why in the world don't you stop? There is not a pig or puppy or poodle in existence that has not sense enough to stop eating when he's got enough. Your brother, the donkey, does it. Don't you see you are more than a mule ? Aren't you ashamed of yourself for doing such stupid things and putting yourself beneath the brutes which perish? Let no other man's appetite be a guide for your stomach. Let every man watch over his habits ; cultivate those which are good, and break off those which in the end destroy both body and soul. If alcohol is food, why not give it to your horses? If liquor fattens, why not give it to your beef cattle, your turkeys, your pigs—a good dram of it night and morning? All radical reformers aim at preventives, rather than rectifications. Brandy kills multitudes every year who enjoyed perfect health before they began to use it: hence it would seem fair to infer that it will kill the sick more speedily. It is well to give bad animals as well as bad men a wide berth. If 'bitters' aid digestion, why is it that those who take them all the time are never well? Temperance, cleanliness and industry! This is the hygiene of the Bible,—a 'pathy' as old as the race. The three best medicines in the world are warmth, abstinence and repose. As men have lived in perfect health without liquor, the use of liquor can not add to that health, because a man cannot be better than well. As to use of wines, beers, brandies, cider, opium and tobacco, the only infallible guarantee from a wasted life, an early death, the gutter, or the mad-house, is in obeying the counsel of the inspired volume, 'Touch not, taste not, handle not.' Nature is never cheated. OUR TEETH. They decay. Hence unseemly mouths, bad breath, imperfect mastication. Everybody regrets it. What is the cause? I reply, want of cleanliness. A clean tooth never decays. The mouth is a warm place, 98 degrees. Particles of meat between the teeth soon decompose. Gums and teeth must suffer. Perfect cleanliness will preserve the teeth to old age. How shall it be secured? Use a quill pick, and rinse the mouth after eating; brush and castile soap every morning; the brush with simple water on going to bed. Bestow this trifling care upon your precious 186 THE MANIFESTO. teeth, and you will keep them and ruin the dentists. Neglect it, and you will be sorry all your lives. Children forget. Watch them. The first teeth determine the character of the second set. Give them equal care. Sugar, acid, saleratus and hot things are nothing when compared with food decomposing between the teeth. Mercurialization may loosen the teeth, long use wear them out, but keep them clean and they will never decay. This advice is worth thousands of dollars to every boy and girl. Books have been written on the subject. This brief article contains all that is essential. Never have a tooth taken out if it be possible to hare it filled. The loss of a single jaw-tooth will not only give the cheek a sunken appearance, but it will prevent the proper mastication of the food, and this is a long step toward dyspepsia, with its train of evils. Domestic Journal TEMPERANCE SPEECH John Mitchell [Contributed by G. B. Ayery.] TEMPERANCE SPEECH. BY JOHN MITCHELL. 'My father,' said John, 'used both Rum and Tobacco, and I took to his example as a duck to the water. I smoked young, and it created a fiery appetite for alcholic drinks, which resulted in making me a drunkard. When twenty years old, my case was alarming, and my friends took unbounded pains to pluck me from destruction. 'About this time, I was induced by a young friend to attend a Temperance lecture, by Dr. Jewett. The doctor's wit fascinated me, and his logic impelled me to sign the Pledge that night. The Pledge, however, was but a partial thing. It prohibited Strong Drink in all forms, but not Tobacco. I soon found that in renouncing one stimulant, I used a double quantity of another or, in the words of Theodore D. Weld, I had 'Swapped Brandy for Tobacco !' In fact, I ate Tobacco as an ox eats green clover; and this terrible appetite created a thirst for Rum more fierce than I had ever experienced. My Throat was parched—my chest was a furnace; and I said, 'drink I must, and drink I will!' and like a dog to his vomit, I went back to my cups. 'In two years from this time, by a happy Providence, I heard a lecture on Tobacco, which showed me my mistake, and snatched me from perdition. The lecturer maintained that nine drunkards to ten, probably ninetynine to a hundred, were Tobacco users ; that the Tobacco habit was a boyish one, early formed, and laid the foundations of the gloomy structure of a drunkard; the Washingtonians, who apostatized, were Tobacco sots, almost to a man; that the Pledge, to be safe, must go against Drug and Drink; and that thousands of drunkards; by giving up Tobacco first, had soon given up Rum with comparative ease. Tobacco feeds a fire which no Temperance efforts can quench. I followed the lecturer's advice, and that night threw away my Tobacco forever. 'Now came the tug of war, not with my bottle, but with my PIPE. I was unnerved, my nerves were like the sails of a ship dismantled by the storm. I felt nothing, thought nothing, did nothing, and, like the poor college student, I cried, 'I need* Tobacco to give me Resolution to give up Tobacco !' But God was on my side. I avoided old scenes and associates; I avoided gluttony, and sparingly used nutritious food. I used cold water freely, inside and outside. To raise my prostrate nerves and banish my 'awful goneness,' I used the Fitchburg Antidote a few days; and with gratitude to God I can say, I then conquered both Tobacco and Rum and for seven years have trampled both demons under foot. 'Hence, I would say to every Temperance Lodge and Temperance Society and Temperance Man, the world over, You Can't Curb a Drunkard whilst a slave to his Pipe.' From Anti- Tobacco Tract. The Day Star.