Books and Papers The Herald of Health The Herald of Health. July; Contents : Substitutes for Brandy; Words from India; Physical Exercises and their Regulation; Be wise in Work, and in Recreation; Perfect Health; Antipathy to Fish Diet; Against Tobacco; Studies in Hygiene for Women. M. L. Holbrook, M. D. Publisher, 13*15 Laight St.N. Y.. $1,00 per. year. Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Phrenological Jouiinal and Science of Health, May; Contents; Modern Drama; The true Basis for the Science of Mind. Krao, the missing Link, Illustrated; God, Immortality and Deity; Bermuda Easter Lily; Fredrika Bremer, with Portrait; Aunt Ellery's Ideal; Contagious Diseases; Offensive Breath; Treatment of the Hair; Editorial Items; Answers to Correspondents; etc., etc. Fowler and Wells, 753 Broadway, N. Y. $2,00 per. year, Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Jouknal of Health, May; Contents: Methods of Building up Health; Pure Air and Pure Blood; Piles; The Family Table; The Scarlet Fever ; How to be young at Eighty; Cheerful People ; Efficacy of Vaccination; Food Adulteration; Sleep; etc. E. II. Gibbs, M. D. 21 Clinton Place, Eighth Street,N. Y., Terms $1,00 a year. The Homiletic Monthly The Homiletic Monthly for July is a most brilliant number of that periodical. It contains the usual Sermonic matter from the most popular preach ers. Among them J. W.Rylance, D. D.; C. H, Fowler, D.D.; Canon Farrar R. S. Storrs, D. D.; David Swing; Rev. J E. Converse; Adolph Sophir, D. D.; Decoration Services, by N. D. Williamson and Rev. T. Johnson Lamont; Prayer-meeting Services; Comments on Hebrews; Dr. Schaff's second article on the 'Homiletic Value of the Revised Version'' is exceedingly interesting, as is also Dr. Ormiston's Commentary on James; The Methodist divines come forward in this number and express their views as to the best methods of preaching; Dr. Chamber on Misquoted Texts; D. II. Wheeler, LL, D., brings to us 'Truth From an Enemy,' and John Hall, D. D., stands up for the Independence of the Ministry. Surely the above is abundant for one month. There still remiffli editorials, brief discussions, quaint and useful 'IIomiletic Materials in the Rough'—all written in masterly style. $2.50 a year; Funk &amp; Wagnalls, 10 &amp; 12DeySt. New York.