OUR FATHER'S HOUSE. ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE Paul, a convened Apostle to the faith of Jesus, and zealous worker and defender of the Church in the first peiitecostal age, when speaking of the earthly tabernacle, and looking towards its dissolution, said : If it were dissolved, we have a house not made with hands eternal in the heavens.' He spake of it as a permanent dwelling, also as clothing. As our thoughts turn towards that house we are intuitively led to enquire, What are its component parts ? how made, and of what material is it formed? Certainly it cannot be builded of dissoluable substances like the earthly, and the material bodies which we inhabit. We did not create the elements of which the human structure is formed ; but to a certain extent, by proper food and culture we may shape its features, and add beauty and strength to it and length of days. We reason from the evidence produced to our external senses. If we dwell in the past, and rest upon the experiences of others to the neglect of present duty ; or, if we ignore the past, we cannot employ the present profitably. If we read and rightly understand ancient and modern history, and take lessons from the wise and unwise, and bring forward the Literature, Science and Religion of those of other days, to subserve the present; knowledge thus obtained, is invaluable. The natural is metaphorical of the spiritual; from the former, we generate ideas, and draw conclusions ; and as we advance in knowledge, we see that the purely natural in its proper place, time and season, is as justifiable, as the spiritual in its time and place ; the one is a conduit or stepping stone to the other ; there is no conflict between the two. We find that all material substances, perish with the using, or, are subject to change, by action of the elements. If we, with those materials, build dwellings for the mortal part to inhabit, however deeply the foundations may be laid in the earth, and however strong the superstructure reared upon those foundations may be, yet fire may devour, and floods may devastate. Not so with the 174 THE MANIFESTO. spiritual. The 'Father's house of many mansions,' hath foundations embedded in true principles, strong and enduring as the everlasting hills. Upon those foundations many have builded, and many more will build. If it be so, 'that not one good deed is lost, not one petition is unheard, nor forgotten.:' May we not conclude that the glorious house built in the heavens of 'lively stones,' indissoluble, is formed of imperishable deeds of truehearted, noble, self-sacrificing souls, who give their all to the cause of truth, 'consecrate their gains and substance to the God of the whole earth ?' and that the whole building is firmly cemented together with the prayers and intercessions of saints and martyrs? By the Christ Spirit—the Rock of Ages—the basic foundations of God's house were laid; and the same spirit that commenced it will complete the structure, even to the 'cap-stone.' Every stone in that 'house of many mansions,' will be tried and tested. The Angel who holds the plummet and measuring line in his hand, will apply them with exactness, until all is accomplished. God has His instruments and co-workers. In past ages, He has had His agents on the earth plane. Inspired men and women adapted to the time and age in Avhich they lived, have helped to roll onward the car of human progress until the present time ; and He will continue to employ such Agencies. Angels in Spirit Spheres, also work to upbuild, and sustain every part of the fabric, and are more potent in those sphei-es, to give impetus, and hasten the work, than mortals are, or can possibly be. How better can we employ our talents and energies, than to work as bes we may, to help consumate such a glorious design ? Will it not redound to our honor and happiness ? How can we secure treasures in heaven our prospective home in any other way ? It is not by force and power, nor by the wisdom of man, that God's house will be built; but by His Spirit. Let us strive to possess that Spirit. Then we shall not need to wait until the 'Head-stone' is brought forth and placed in position; but every stone added to tlie temple, will call forth shouts of triumph; and the Spirit of Zerubbabel which God grant we may all possess, will cry 'Grace, grace unto it.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.