SANITARY APHORISMS FROM DR. HALL'S WORKS. To live long, and well, and usefully, be temperate in all things, remembering that the only certain and effectual way of being temperate in reference to liquor is, never taste a drop. What a grand thing for the doctors that so few people have any sense, not even sense enough to keep well, by living justly, Jiving temperately, etc. True wisdom lies in the moderate use of all the good things of this life. Alcohol has an affinity for the brain. Within an hour after a glass of brandy is swallowed, more of it is found in a given quanthy of brain than in any equal quantity of blood. Man is the only animal that drinks without being thirsty. If you are eating and find you have had enough and don't want a mouthful more, why in the world don't you stop? There is not a pig or puppy or poodle in existence that has not sense enough to stop eating when he's got enough. Your brother, the donkey, does it. Don't you see you are more than a mule ? Aren't you ashamed of yourself for doing such stupid things and putting yourself beneath the brutes which perish? Let no other man's appetite be a guide for your stomach. Let every man watch over his habits ; cultivate those which are good, and break off those which in the end destroy both body and soul. If alcohol is food, why not give it to your horses? If liquor fattens, why not give it to your beef cattle, your turkeys, your pigs—a good dram of it night and morning? All radical reformers aim at preventives, rather than rectifications. Brandy kills multitudes every year who enjoyed perfect health before they began to use it: hence it would seem fair to infer that it will kill the sick more speedily. It is well to give bad animals as well as bad men a wide berth. If 'bitters' aid digestion, why is it that those who take them all the time are never well? Temperance, cleanliness and industry! This is the hygiene of the Bible,—a 'pathy' as old as the race. The three best medicines in the world are warmth, abstinence and repose. As men have lived in perfect health without liquor, the use of liquor can not add to that health, because a man cannot be better than well. As to use of wines, beers, brandies, cider, opium and tobacco, the only infallible guarantee from a wasted life, an early death, the gutter, or the mad-house, is in obeying the counsel of the inspired volume, 'Touch not, taste not, handle not.' Nature is never cheated.