Books and Papers The Herald of Health The Herald of Health. July; Contents : Substitutes for Brandy; Words from India; Physical Exercises and their Regulation; Be wise in Work, and in Recreation; Perfect Health; Antipathy to Fish Diet; Against Tobacco; Studies in Hygiene for Women. M. L. Holbrook, M. D. Publisher, 13*15 Laight St.N. Y.. $1,00 per. year. Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Phrenological Jouiinal and Science of Health, May; Contents; Modern Drama; The true Basis for the Science of Mind. Krao, the missing Link, Illustrated; God, Immortality and Deity; Bermuda Easter Lily; Fredrika Bremer, with Portrait; Aunt Ellery's Ideal; Contagious Diseases; Offensive Breath; Treatment of the Hair; Editorial Items; Answers to Correspondents; etc., etc. Fowler and Wells, 753 Broadway, N. Y. $2,00 per. year, Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Jouknal of Health, May; Contents: Methods of Building up Health; Pure Air and Pure Blood; Piles; The Family Table; The Scarlet Fever ; How to be young at Eighty; Cheerful People ; Efficacy of Vaccination; Food Adulteration; Sleep; etc. E. II. Gibbs, M. D. 21 Clinton Place, Eighth Street,N. Y., Terms $1,00 a year. The Homiletic Monthly The Homiletic Monthly for July is a most brilliant number of that periodical. It contains the usual Sermonic matter from the most popular preach ers. Among them J. W.Rylance, D. D.; C. H, Fowler, D.D.; Canon Farrar R. S. Storrs, D. D.; David Swing; Rev. J E. Converse; Adolph Sophir, D. D.; Decoration Services, by N. D. Williamson and Rev. T. Johnson Lamont; Prayer-meeting Services; Comments on Hebrews; Dr. Schaff's second article on the 'Homiletic Value of the Revised Version'' is exceedingly interesting, as is also Dr. Ormiston's Commentary on James; The Methodist divines come forward in this number and express their views as to the best methods of preaching; Dr. Chamber on Misquoted Texts; D. II. Wheeler, LL, D., brings to us 'Truth From an Enemy,' and John Hall, D. D., stands up for the Independence of the Ministry. Surely the above is abundant for one month. There still remiffli editorials, brief discussions, quaint and useful 'IIomiletic Materials in the Rough'—all written in masterly style. $2.50 a year; Funk &amp; Wagnalls, 10 &amp; 12DeySt. New York. Crayon Papers Washing-ton Irving's 'Crayon Papers.' This very Prince in the realm of letters is at last able to enter the homes of ordinary mortals. Until lately his inimitable productions have been practically inaccessible on account of their high cost. The recent expiration of copyright has freed them from the short-sighted monopoly which has preferred to harvest the dollars of the thousands rather than the dimes of the millions of his countrymen who take delight in his memory. The very beautiful Elzevir edition of his 'Crayon Papers,' with a brilliant sketch ©f the Life of Irving by the poet, R. H. Stoddard, making a volume of over 350 pages, is just issued and the publisher with a view to securing promptly the immense sale that is necessary to make the low price possible, offers to send, if ordered at once, a specimen copy, in neat cloth binding to any address, for the nominal price of 35 cents, or in half Russia binding for 45 cents. Irving's complete Works are offered for prices ranging from less than $6.00, upwards. The cheapest edition until recently cost over $30.00. The publisher will send specimen pages free to any one upon request. JOHN B. ALDEN, Publisher, 18 Vesey Street, New York.