CONSIDERATION. FLORA WILLIAMS. What went ye out into the wilderness to see? Matt. xi. 7. These were the words of Jesus to the multitude who had gathered to hear John preach. May we not learn from this that we should always have a worthy object in view in attending places dedicated to religious worship, no matter what the profession of the worshipers may he, a respectful attention is demanded of us as rational beings. It does not become us to act like creatures led by instinct, without reflection or motive. They as the Scripture says, have no understanding and must be guided by those above them. But, God has bestowed upon man a higher form of intelligence capable of comprehending divine truths. And wherein is this pre-eminence to appear but in our acting wisely and with design ? Design is essential to moral conduct, and though a good motive cannot sanctify a bad action, a bad motive will always vitiate a good action. The Pharisees fasted and prayed and gave alms ; but it was to be seen of men ; and thus the deed was corrupted in its principle. An individual that acts without a motive never acts in earnest. It is the result to be obtained, that stimulates the zeal; that sweetens labor ; that repays 182 THE MANIFESTO. every expense. What could induce a patient to submit to the amputation of a limb, but the thought of restoration and preservation of life and health? In common and trivial matters, we may sometimes act without motive, but in every duty pertaining to our moral growth and development in. religious life, Ave should be actively in earnest and never in any degree trifle with divine things; it impairs the conscience and deadens the moral sensibility. The object in attending religious worship should be to gain useful instruction to have truths re-applied and re-impressed. If we do not seek new light, it is desirable to have the mind quickened by remembrance of forgotten truth, and to have our knowledge reduced to livingworks. It is written, that if we 'draw nigh unto God, that he will draw nigh unto us.'Canterbury, N. H.