FISHING FOR MEN. NO. 1 BY REV. JOHN WAUGH [From the Phrenological Journal.] The Great Teacher said to his Apostles after their call: ' 'I will make you to become fishers of men.'* He would empower them to become the winners of souls. To Peter, the fisherman, he said : ''From henceforth thou shalt catch men;' the catching being for salvation, not destruction. Ordinary piscatorial endeavors comprise the death of the prey, but in this moral labor the caught are transferred from a lower element into a higher, from one kind of a liie into a better. These fishers of men are not all of one kind* neither are the fishers of fish. They are of various grades ; being physical, intellectual, moral, and spiritual. Some address themselves to a part of the faculties of human nature ; they seem to labor in ignorance whether any department was made for other realms than the natural, being profoundly agnostic of any light brighter than the sun, or any worlds beyond the cosmic spheres above. But those who go down into the waters of life covering these mortal shores are seeking to find man as he is to know what he should be, and so work out their great ideal to the most attainable perfection. Let every man be in his own order, ignoring all strife and selfish rivalries, that each in his own way may contribute to the general success of all. The anglers in the brooks and rivers, the trollers on the great lakes, the salmon fishers in Alaska waters, the cod fishers off thn New England coast, the fishers with nets where the finny tribe go in schools, as well as the hardy toilers in the Arctic seas, serve as but examples of the variety of endeavors needed in all parts of the ocean of existence. In our view one of the primest qualifications for success in this moral-aquatic sphere is love for fishing. Old Isaac Walton went into ecstasies over its pleasures, saying, 'God never did make a more calm, quiet, innocent recreation than angling.' A loved employment, propelled by a strong will, will never fail to reward the worker. A good piscator can never be made to order more than a good poet from one utterly destitute of imagination and sublimity. A sense of duty will never make a Mozart out of a Dr. Johnson ; and there are many employed as teachers of men who need others to initiate them into the principles of common sense. Many a fisherman fails because of the absence of the fish; but in villages and cities the crowds are moving uneaught by the attractions of virtue, because there are so few to so present her excellencies as to win them into obedience. The man must be adapted to the calling and the calling to the man. His meat and drink must be the doing of what his conscience and heart prompt. He must have self-knowledge in order to know others. A piscator who does not know the nature and habits of the fish he is in search of will return with but few of them as his reward. Human nature is a great study for the win~ 180 THE MANIFESTO. Aers of men, and wanting it many whose profession is the benefit of their fellows become repellants rather than attractives. They never find the road to human hearts in order to enthrone reformatory good. It is largely owing to the want of skill in the fishers of men that the fullness of the seas, with all its tide of life, remains unreached. Good fishermen go to the fish. They rarely wait for the finny tribes to come to them. They go to their grounds, seek them in their haunts, and wait for them in their passage. The corrupters of youth, the destroyers of men, throw out their baits where men most congregate. They spread their nets and allure with their decoys Like the illegal salmon fishers of Scotland, so graphically described by Sir Walter Scott in his 'Guy Mannering,' they attract them by their torches within range of their slaughtering leisters, or three-barbed prongs, and carry off their unsuspecting victims. It won't do to stand on formalities when men are perishing through an ignorance that may be enlightened, or swept away by a destruction that may be stayed. We need a host of amateurs preparing the way for the professionals, proving their fitness for the catching of men in order to their installation for it as their life-calling. He should be regarded as the best fisherman who gets the most fish, but one who had tried his skill upon all waters and yet caught nothing should not be slow in concluding that he had mistaken his calling; to say that he had here and there taken in one should not be regarded as a corrective. In angling, a great deal depends upon the bait. It should be adapted to the wants of the fish. The bait should not be too large, neither the line too long. We may well be amazed at what was thrown to the young in former years. The little ones were whipped because they could not take in the baits of knowledge given in incomprehensible rules and the driest of all definitions. Catechisms were too often given as soul-food made up of dry bones having not a particle of nutriment. Teachers talked in dead languages. The school was made a house of correction. Biting and digestion were out of the question. Few would expect fish to bite at the naked hook; but the little learners were too often given no better : and how often have children been addressed in a language which pretty well educated adults could not take into their understandings without a lexicon. Gospel fishermen have let down their baits from the pulpit with nothing worth biting at. A nibble or two might be given followed by a general turning away. The baits were too large for ordinary swallowing. What a vast amount of preaching is worse than lost because too high and dry—too far removed from human want and comprehension' The fishing should always be according to the fish. Some swim in deep waters and need a long line to reach them. Some keep well to the surface; others go in compact bodies, hence we speak of schools of fish. Some keep by themselves watching for prey near the rocks or under the shelving banks. Some are bold and fearless, others shy and suspicious. Some can be driven into the net by shouting and splashing the waters. The larger number can be caught after a gentle rain in the early morning, or after the sun has passed under a cloud, all of which is strikingly suggestive of appropriate times and seasons for the winning c f souls. Bearing in mind the varieties of human nature as calling for diversity of treatment, Paul tells us that he became all things to all men—to the Jews as a Jew, to the Greeks as a Greek,—that he might catch some, though liable to the charge of catching them by guile. Some moral fishermen proceed upon the supposition that the fish ought to bite because it is their profes' sion to angle for them; but to the subjects of this labor the matter does not appear in this light, and he who would benefit the character of his fellows must make it as clear as he can that the catching will be their gain; that he seeks not theirs, but them, for better things in the present and the future. All those who make it their business to win men over from a lower to a higher plane of life must study their make-up, their physical, intellectual, and moral qualities. A man cannot angle for smelts as he would for flounders, for trout as he would for perch, or for rock bass or cod as he would for pickerel or muscalonge; the hooks, lines, baits, and treatment must be as diverse as the fish sought. Adaptation is a prime requisite for TPIE MANIFESTO. 181 success in the leadership of mankind, and -a great many pretentious and fancy anglers, with all the latest improvements for piscatorial enterprises, return as empty as they went, while some rustic, with an extemporized pole and simple line, will leave the waters with a string heavy and shining with their spoils. Often the failure results from a want of observation of the signs of the skies, seeking for that which is unattainable because absent, letting the lines down too low when the subjects are near the surface, stopping just where there should be a beginning, or beginning where there should be an ending. (To be continued.)