NOTES In the Church of Christ there is to be one faith, which in its ultimate development must lead on to one baptism,— that of the Holy Spirit. This cannot be otherwise than a living and actively growing faith which sees and feels and comprehends what may be wanted to maintain this very desirable condition, of the soul. The ceremonial form which John the Baptist was commissioned to use was only the preliminary step to a greater work and to a higher calling. Jesus accepted il as a fulfillment of righteousness, tut his baptism into a oneness with God, made him a Teacher of God's will to man, and a Savior of the world. In this he becomes our example in humility, in his practical self-denial and in his zeal for the establishment of the Kingdom of God upon the earth. As disciples we must become one with the divine Teacher, when the heavens will be open to our view, and the Angels of God can be no less faithful in their manifestations of care and guidance into the truth. Our lives must correspond with his life, our righteousness with his righteousness and our zeal for the maintainance of the principles of truth, must be moulded by his form of zeal and grow in his likeness for the prosperity of God's work. To accept the profession of a Christian without making continuous and strenuous efforts to learn the righteousness of this new life, and then to secure and put on the whole armor of God, is a sad waste of time and the squandering of a precious privilege. We profess to follow Christ. He left the Adamic plane of generation and gave his life, a holy consecration, to the establishing of the work of re-generation. His kindred were to be known as those who were seeking to do the will of God. We certainly cannot be justified to do less. 'No man can serve two masters.' To follow Christ we must forsake the life of the children of this world. Our relation must be of the same order as was his relation, it must be among those who have come out from the old, selfish, inheritance of the flesh, and be placed among those who have established their hope on a spiritual foundation. These are the fruits which follow a baptism of the Holy Spirit, and which affords life and peace to the soul. As an evidence that he had renounced the world with all its treasures and pleasures, that he might obtain a treasure in heaven, Jesus gives this graphic illustration,—'The foxes have holes, in which to dwell, the birds have their nests, but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head.' His time, his ability, all that he was privileged to possess in this world was consecrated to God, and given in support of the mission to which he was called. Tempted in all points, as we are, and yet without sin, he became so successful that he was able to say, 'Be of good cheer, for I have overcome the world.' We have a corresponding privilege to manifest our love for God, and to follow our Teacher in righteousness, by forsaking the earthly and securing the heavenly treasures. Like him we may pass through trials, and be subjected to temptations, in their multiplied forms, but if we have forsaken ALL we may THE MANIFESTO. 185 have the pleasant experience of being able to testify with him.—'Be of good cheer, for I have overcome the world.' As Jesus secured his inheritance by a daily cross and by a strong self-denial, his followers must walk carefully, in his footsteps in order to obtain the same divine blessing. This journey of faith toward the baptism of the Holy Spirit of Christ, leads us into the elements of eternal life, and makes our lives one with Christ, in virgin purity, in consecration to God, and in our separation from the world.