SELECT THE STINGING TREE. The stinging tree of Queensland, Australia, is a luxurious shrub, pleasing to the eye but dangerous to the touch. It grows from two or three inches to ten or fifteen feet in height, and emits a disagreeable odor. Says a traveler, 'Sometimes while shootirg turkeys in the shrubs, I have entirely forgotten the stinging tree till I was warned of its close proximity by its smell, and have often found myself in a little forest of them. I was only once stung, and that very lightly. Its effects are curious ; it leaves no mark, but the pain is maddening, and for months afterwards the part when touched is tender in rainy weather, or when it gets wet in washing, etc. I have seen a man who treats ordinary pain, lightly, roll on the ground in agony after being stuns, and I have known a horse so completely mad after getting iato a grove of the trees that he rushed open mouthed at every one who approached him, and had to be shot Dogs, when stung, will rush about whining piteously biting pieces from the affected part. — Frank Leslie's III. WANTED, MEN. We take up the paper daily, and casting our glances down the long column we see many persons asked for after the word 'Wanted.' Cooks and chamber-maids, coachmen and butlers, clerks and porters are needed here and there and everywhere. And yet the greatest need of the nineteenth century we do not see adA^ertised, and if we diJ all that could conscientiously apply would find room for employment, and still there would be acres at least of unoccupied space. Men wanted. Men who are honest and pure. Men who are wholesome and truthful. Men who will not be bribed. Men who are like fair, refreshing fruit, sound at the heart's core. Men wanted. Men who are unwilling to eat the bread of idleness. Men who will scorn to wear what they have not honestly paid for. Men who know what ought to be done and will do it. Men who are not egotistic, but rather have the courage given by the spirit to do and to dare. Men who will give good counsel, who will set a good example for emulation, who will sympathize with the grieving and succor the distressed. Men who will scorn to do a base thing even in their zeal for a friend; for as Jeremy Taylor says, he that does, 'burns the golden thread that ties them together.' Men who know how to obey before they take the command. Men who do more than they talk. Men who do good to their friends to keep them, and to their enemies to gain them. Men whose hearts compare favorably with full pocketbooks—who believe in systematic giving and advocate it. Men whose hearts are touched by the sadness of others, who are moved by a little hungry face and cold bare feet. Men wanted. Men who are brave and tender, who are not ashamed to wipe tears away. Men whose acts will bring smiles to wan faces. Men who hush lamentations, and are rewarded with sweet songs of thanksgiving. Sherman Democrat. Extinquish vanity in the mind... Extinguish vanity in the mind, and you naturally retrench the little superfluities of garniture and equipage. The blossoms will fall of themselves when the root that nourishes them is destroyed.— Steele LIFE IN THE WOODS, NO. 5. GRANVILLE T. SPROAT. It was in the month of September, 1837, that, having closed up my school in camp I started on a second vaccinating tour across the great plains that lay across the sources of the Mississippi. It was, I said, the month of September, the month in which the Indians say, 'The Fire Spirits are awake,' that, with Ma-gwah-gah-bo for a guide, I started on my journey. The weather had been very fine for many days ; there had been no rain for nearly a month, and we had noticed, at a distance, as we lay down at night, the distant horizon glowing, as if it caught its hue from burning prairies. Still we did not feel any particular cause for alarm, as the fire, if there was any, must be at an immense cistance, and therefore not likely to visit us, without giving us sufficient opportunity to escape. It was about two o'clock, in the morning, that I was aroused by the voice of Ma-gwahgah-bo, sounding at the door of my wigwam. 'Ish-Jco-da! ish-Teo-dal wain-je-tah! ivaweep!' (Fire! fire! get up! haste! the Fire Spirits are upon us.) I sprang up, and rushed to the door of my wigwam, to witness a sight such as I had never seen before. The whole western horizon, far and near, was one vast sheet of liquid, rolling flame. It streamed up far past our meridian, blazing, and dazzling over-head above even the place where we stood. ' Wa-weep! wa-weep!'' (quick! quick! for life .') cried Ma-gwah-gahbo ; and away he rushed through the tall grass, myself following close at his heels. Away he sprang over the prairie, I with difficulty keeping up. Such speed he made, although he had to break his way through the tall prairie grass before us. At last he reached a rising swell of land, and as we gained the summit, and began to descend on the opposite slope. I perceived before us a broad marsh filled with reeds standing in the midst of water. But the fire, was by this time, upon us ; we could feel the heat as we descended towards the marsh; the air became close like an oven. I was covered with perspiration, and felt my strength rapidly going. As we reached the shores of the marsh I threw myself down, perfectly exhausted. 'Get up! get up!' cries Ma-gwah-gah-bo. 'Haste you will burn to death here!' 'Life, or death,' I exclaimed, 'I cannot go one step farther.' 'Get on to my back, then,' cries the old man, 'get on to my back.' I did get on to his back, and he carried me on, running with me a great distance toward the centre of the marsh. He then threw me over his head into the water, laying himself close beside me, and saying, 'Keep under! keep under! and watch for the burning clouds!' By 'burning clouds,' he meant heavy masses of burning prairie grass brought here by the wind, and lighting all around us, which, if they fell on us, would burn, or smother us. Here we lay amid the rushes and water, looking out on the terrible scene before us. Yonder, over the swell that we had just passed, came the flames, rolling and rolling onwards, a vast deluge of fire. Down the descent they came, we could hear them hiss as they reached the waters of the marsh, and see them careering, like race horses, along its shores, which seemed to say to them, 'Thus far shall ye come, and no farther.' Presently I looked, and saw crouching among the reeds just beside me, something black—I knew not what. I said to Ma-gwahgah-bo, 'What is that?' 'Ma-gwah !' he exclaimed, (A bear !) 'Do you see that thing, which looks like a bush, yonder among the reeds? That is a moose, a moose's horns. Oh, we are not here alone. Company enough! company enough 1' It was so indeed. All the animals in the vicinity had fled to this marsh for protection from the fire. 'Will you kill them?' I asked, referring to the moose and the bear, for I had never before made a bear my bed-fellow. 'Kill them! No ! The same Great Spirit that sent us here sent them here! I will not hurt a hair of their heads.' After a few hours the fire passed off, leaving behind it, a vast plain, covered with smouldering grass, whose damp roots the fire had not consumed. The Indians make war not only against the lives of their enemies, but, also, against their language and inventions. They will not suffer their enemies names to be mentioned in their wigwams, and will have no spoils of 190 THE MANIFESTO. theirs, excepting their scalps. Perhaps I cannot better illustrate this fact, than by relating an incident which took place in the autumn of 1837. I had been instructed to go across the Mississippi and vaccinate old Hole in the Day's band. Hole in the Day was a Sioux, and a mortal enemy to the O-jib-ways, with whom I made my home. I said to Ma-gwah-gah-bo. 'Tomorrow I cross the Mississippi, to visit the Sioux camp, on the other shore, avid will depend on you to go with me, to paddle my canoe safely over,' for the stream was rapid. The old man's countenance fell. 'There never was an O-jib-wah' said he, 'who ever went into the Sioux country and come back again alive.'. 'You go, I replied, 'under my own protection, and are as safe as I myself.' 'Well,' he replied, 'I put my life into your hands. I will go with you.' (To BE CONTINUED.)