A TRINITY OLIVER C. HAMPTON What are Religion—Science—Reason? Those mellowing forces all sublime, Which blend their blessings all in season, To light the gloomy crypts of Time; Or, like the calm and gentle showers In April Ides or early May, Unfolding gay, aromal flowers To deck the dreamy, vernal day. Religion! what intense emotion Thy very name and need implies, The wave song of the calm, oid Ocean With thy enchantment faintly vies. All poesy, how dead and soulless, Without thy resurrecting beam, As gleaming sun on Gladiolus, To warm, to chasten and redeem. Thy faith, thy hope, thy glad fruitions, Lift soul and body from the grave Of rudimental, low conditions, From Sin's remorse and sorrow's wave. That hideous spectre of delusion, Agnosticism, drear as Hell, Against thy peace makes no intrusion, Thy gentle force cannot expel. And thy serene, immortal glory Is culminated all in this, That pilgrims of thy halcyon story Exult in never ending bliss. And Science, systematic power, Untangling all the strands of life, Relieving man's intensest hour Of doubt and weary, mental strife,— Relieving all the ways mysterious, All footprints of supernal Love From terrors of a fate imperious, Grim fiat of an angry Jove; Reducing to their proper level All tho't-germs, solid or unsound, A wrathful God or ruthless Devil, With equal ease to powder ground In these remorseless mills of science; Mills of the gods that grind so slow; Yet yield to error no compliance, Or whom or what they overthrow. Pale superstition fears and trembles, And sin and ignorance stand aghast, When science her dread host assembles Their structures all to blight and blast. O, sacred handmaid of Religion, Be mine, thy mysteries to explore, The beauties of thy realm are legion, Thy blessings fresh, forever more. Bright truths m endless evolutions From chaff of wrong and error sifting, Thy bless'd and growing institutions, So purifying and uplifting, Shall never cease to bless the nationsSo long as time and earth endures, Dispensing grandest inspirations 170 THE MANIFESTO. In rich and everlasting stores. Then comes in glory human reason, God-given guide to finite man, Both instant, in and out of season, All things of consciousness to scan. Fast faithful Mend, thro' all the ages, Unless by curse of sin defied, Mild lamp of light to saints and sages, 'Who thro' all time have lived and died In weal or woe, in fast allegiance To thy rapt oracles of right, To thy suggestions all obedience, Life's dusky paths to cheer and light. Thou sit'st in regal state and royal, And man thy solemn mandate hears, And by thy sacred counsels, loyal, His conscience renovates and clears. Dread, peerless throne of arbitration, Twixt what we are and ought to be In science, art and inspiration, Thou judgest all our destiny. Cold intellect and calm emotion Own equally thy matchless power, And earth, and air, and sky, and ocean, Vast, rolling orb, and tiny flower, And all arcana deep of nature, Here and hereafter, heav'n and hell, Creations all and their Creator, Their mysteries thou unravelest well. This sacred trine—Religion, Science, .Reason, More all the wheels of destiny for man. With these there is no break, revolt or treason, Eternal concord is their peaceful plan. Who would divorce this mystic band supernal' Or break the ties their holy compact rule With atheistic ministry infernal, Must be a gibbering madman or a fool. Agreement, perfect union, reign forever Among all truths wherever felt or found, If any twain, man turning fool might sever, This all the rest might hopelessly confound, If science could with holiest religion Antagonize or make the smallest jar, [region, T'would make all heaven a hell beleaguered And fill the Universe with fiercest war. If pure Religion could conflict with reason And human fate could thus be cut in two, Both halves would be in everlasting treason And God himself a hideous bugaboo. Nay, cease forever this egregious folly, Antagonizing truths with other truths In reason's view, a faith most melancholy, Which only bat-eyed superstition soothes. The truths of sweet religion, reason, science, Are easy, pleasant, all, to reconcile; Unless to common sense we bid defiance, And put our confidence in errors vile. From age to age, like silent dews of Hermon, Distills for every weary, yearning child This pure, this peaceful, elevating sermon, Whereby all truths are blent and reconciled, And still shall sound unto remotest ages This sacred trine of truth and beauty fair [pages Whose light hath gleam'd on all the burning Of past and present hist'ry everywhere. Bright horoscope of future gain and glory, Vast combination of all form and force, Not fickle, fragile, vain or transitory Shall be thy ceaseless upward, onward course. All swift progression and all evolution, From low to high, depend upon ye three, Soul, intellect, and most divine emotion, But in your holy union can be free And normal, timely, and in due proportion, Developed perfectly lor earth or heaven, Dissolve the trine and monsters of distortion Evolve the sins that cannot be forgiven. Religion, may I ever own thy power. Pure science, lead me by thy sacred light, Blest reason, me direct in every hour, As onward, upward still I take my flight To regions pure oi higher inspiration, Of holier tho'ts and actions ever more, Where from sublimest bights of elevation All planes of Love and Truth I may explore. Union Village, Ohio.