BENEFIT OF SILENCE. SALLY CEELEY. There is great benefit derived from silence and meditation. By these we oft times obtain power, not only to act wisely and truthfully, but by comparing the intended acts of our lives by the example of those who follow Christ in all their walk and deportment. In this we are more able to bring our feelings to harmonize with theirs, and come nearer to that state of perfection than we otherwise could. We have good authority to make this our study by the example of those who have redeemed their souls in our day, and by the testimony oi many in preceding generations. Our first spiritual Parents were silent; bowed before God in deep tribulation of soul, and their spirits breathed prayer. Through all the preceding gifts which have been given of God to his people there has been a sacrifice of the will and natural inclinations by all who obtained them. I have heard the older Sisters with whom I was privileged to live, when a child, speak of threatening dangers which arose in their time, which they passed through unharmed; and that Father Job and Mother Hannah called them to the gift of silence, and prayer to God. At one time they heeded the call so faithfully, they thought one might have heard a pin, if it had fallen upon the floor in the room where they were at work the day succeeding the admonition. Obedience to the voice and spirit of God ever has, and ever will insure a blessing to all souls. When the children of Israel were commanded by Joshua to march around Jericho for six days in succession, he gave an imperative order to them as follows ; 'Ye shall not shout, or make any noise with your voice, neither shall any word proceed out of your mouth, until the day I bid you shout.' This required silence and watchfulness, but through their obedience they saw and realized a wonderful display of the power of God, as we read in the eighth chapter of Joshua. We also read 'Whoso keepeth his mouth and his tongue, keepeth his soul from troubles.' And that the prudent shall keep silence in an evil time. The prophet Zechariah commands all flesh to be silent before God. This seems to imply that pleading for our wills to lighten the burden of the cross, or if possible mix flesh and spirit, is not acceptable. There are many truths that prove the benefit of bridling the tongue ; and we know there is no abiding good gained without it. It is the servants of God that possess his love and favor. He has promised to hear while they are speaking, and before they call, to answer. Moses of old saith, 'My speech shall distil as the dew, as the small rain upon the tender herb, and as the showers upon the grass.' It was this same Moses that argued with the Lord concerning speaking his word to the children of Israel; but through obedience to the call' of God his speech has become as the showers to bring about his purposes. Thus it is with the obedient who persevere with constancy ; the clouds by day, or tempests by night do not change their purpose. Though they are in the midst of deep waters, God is their refuge. Let us be obedient and trust in Him. Canterbury, N. H.