EZEKIEL'S VISION. BY' WILLIAM LEONARD. The prophet Ezekiel lived and wrote in a remarkable period of Jewish history. He was a poor suffering child of mortality, and placed great dependence on the Holy Spirit as his name signifies, 'Supported of God or God is my strength.' Babylon or the Chaldean Empire, where the Jews were then in captivity, was a portion of Mesopotamia. a name which signifies, 'A land or Valley laying between two rivers.' It embraced many names spoken of in early scripture. The whole Valley was a garden of the earth ; and that fertile portion of it, was the glory of the Chaldean Empire. This Valley lay between the Tigris and Euphrates. It is said to be, from 20 to 200 miles in width, and from 6 to 800 miles in length. All historians agree that in this vale, Noah and his descendents settled after the Deluge ; and that the ruins of the far famed tower of Babel was enclosed within the very walls of Babylon. This holy prophet could there look upon the remains of this idolatrous tower and could see what it had done for many generations, even before Abraham was called from that region. Stephen says ; Act vii; 2. 'The God of glory appeared to our father Abraham when he was in Mesopotamia,' The Chaldeans 'or worshipers of fire,' seem to have been of the blood that Abraham was called out from, to plant a people who should receive the promises, and give birth to the Messiah. By the most remarkable demonstrations of power, the Hebrews came on, were led into, and delivered from bondage, received the laws of God on the desert, which they repeatedly broke, for Avhich, in the days of Ezekiel, they were sent into the most desolating captivity, to the stock from which Abraham sprung. This pious prophet had spent the earliest years of his life, in the great city of Jerusalem. He began to prophesy five years after the captivity, continued denounceing idolatry for twenty oue years, for which he was slain. Born of the priesthood he had bowed to God in early life among the sacred types at the Jewish altar ; and had trod the courts of the temple in all its magnificence and glory. His lamentations for his people began in the tabernacles of Israel. He had stood in the outer court, in whi.h the multitude listened to the word of God, who spoke from between the Cherubims through priestly mediums. Thus, when the tribe of Judah went into captivity, he bitterly knew how de. plorably they had fallen. When brought under judgment for their sins, lie saw them hurled from their high station, crushed out from among the nations, and their city and temple leveled to the dust. With them, lie was hurried away, to the dismal prison house of Babylon, to lay buried in the graves of slavery in this ancient valley. This prophet went into exile with his people, in a land of beauty, watered by the rivers of Babylon ; but every scene about him was calculated to embitter his life in solitude. As he wandered in his devotions and pious rambles along the banks of the river Chebar, a branch of the great Euphrates sorrowfully and sadly he could say, nearly 1800 years ago, this ground was made sacred by the footsteps of righteous Noah, 'Who was perfect in his generations,' found favor with heaven, and escaped the deluge. Here in this delightful valley God made with him the second covenant with the race, re-established the simple patriarchal religion in the New World, and as with Adam the first, made him earthly Lord of his generations. He could see also where Nimrod came to establish idolatry, one hundred and twenty years after the deluge. The very name of that personage signifies, 'Rebel against God's mediatorial government.' He could see the very structure that this ancient apostate carried up, to oppose God's rule through mediators, and overturn patriarchal authority and set himself on hiarh to introduce false worship. Noah was clothed with the name of the true God, and they who set out to erect this structure, sad ; Gen. xi., 4. 'Let us make us a name.' In every direction the prophet could see that the abominable rites started then, had spread abroad and come down to that generation ; shutting out from all, the knowledge of God's rule and order. How painfully he saw the exposed condition the erring tribes were thrown into. Here he could see what Abraham was called out from ; and one reason why he was cautioned never to return. Perhaps he prayed to heaven by the same river, or in the very grave, where Abraham was told to leave his father's house, and plant a new generation of people. In this trying condition, and under these extremes of feeling, he must have viewed the dead condition of his people. Under these disadvantages he without doubt labored iu sorrow to learn, how the promises of God, made to Abraham concerning his kindred, were to be fulfilled. I have written this, to take the most direct way to show you, that history in- forms us, that the Valley in which the prophet saw the dry bones, was something more substantial than a vision. I have taken the most simple method to show you, that in his entranced s+ate, he saw the bones as a figure, but they were evidently in the valley of Mesopotamia. Now for the vision. By quoting a few verses of the preceeding chapter we can see the meaning more clearly. The prophet says ; Ezek. xxxv : 16, 27. 'The word of the Lord came to me, saying, Son of man when the house of Israel dwelt in their own land they defiled it by their doings, and 1 scattered them among the Heathen. I will take you from among the Heathen and bring you into your own land. I will put my spirit within you and cause you to walk in my statutes, and ye shall dwell in the land which I gave to your fathers.' When entranced in vision, Ezekiel saw this valley and it appeared like a battle field whitened with the bones of the slain. He saw the spiritually dead state of his people, and how the power of God must quicken them to raise them up. He continues ; Ezek. xxxvii., 1, 14. The hand of the Lord was upon me, and set me down in the midst of the valley, which was full of bones. And he caused me to pass them round about, and behold they were very many, in an opi;n valley ; and lo ! they were very dry. And he said unto me son of man can these bones live ? And I said O Lord, thou knowest. He said, prophesy unto them, and say unto them, O ye dry bones, hear the word of the Lord ! Behold I will cause breath to enter into you, I will lay sinews and flesh upon you, cover you with skin and ye shall live. And as I prophesied there was a noise and a shaking, and the bones came together. The sinews, and flesh came upon them, and skin covered them but there was no breath in them. Then he said unto me prophesy unto the wind, (margin breath,) and say, thus saith the Lord. Come from the four winds, O breath, and breathe upon these slain, that they may live. So I prophesied, and breath came into them, and they lived, and stood upon their feet, an exceeding great army. Here my young friends is one of the most descriptive visions ever given to a prophet. It was to show this suffering man of God that his people would be awakened, raised out of their dead state of transgression, and brought to the land and law of their fathers. There is no lack of evidence to show, that this was the real meaning of the vision, as you may read ; Then said he to me, son of man, these bones, are the whole house of Israel. They say our bones are dead. Our hope is lost, and we are cut off from our parts, (lands.) Therefore say unto them, thus saith the Lord. Behold O my people ! I will open your graves, and bring you into the land of Israel. The sending of the Jews into Babylonish captivity, was to cast the old transgressors out of Canaan, and let their carcasses fall among the Heathen. The idolatrous portion of the younger generation,.never returned to Jerusalem, but remained among heathen Idolaters. History informs us that the most sincere portion, were the only remnant that returned, who built up the city, erected the second Temple, and re-established the !aw. This vision is one of the most remarkable pieces of Bible literature ever panned. The Chaldeans, Medes and Persians, generally had great reverence for the memory of this prophet; they believed in a sort of literal resurrection, and by this vision, the meaning of which they could not comprehend, they were undoubtedly strengthened in that belief. Many of the Jews were strengthened in the belief of a literal resurrection by it. More than 10,000 sermons have been preached from it, for the same purpose. It was the very vision selected, to prove, that the literal body, was the real, eternal, man or woman ; and that the four winds of heaven, or the common air we breathe, was the true spirit of God, which was finally to re-animate these bodies. The simple revelations of Mother Ann Lee which divide between flesh and spirit, set all right upon this subject eternally. They show that the body returns to the dust, and that the spirit travels up to the spiritual heavens, in Christ-like purity and in the beauty of holiness. Of Gog and Magog, we need say but little. They are symbolical terms, signifying, the gathering of tribes and nations, under one head to battle. To put down Buonaparte it required the allied powers of Europe so called, under a British commandei. Such a combination from certain ports of Asia, came against Israel, at certain periods. Ezekiel calls them by such terms as were then used armies of Gog and Magog. I think you will see that this was so by reading Rev. xx., 8. He speaks of a period to come when the nations, from the four quarters of the earth, called in the Apocalypse Gog and Magog, who would gather together, to battle, as the sand of the sea ; and were to cover the breadth of the earth. Thesa remarks throughout this sheet may not be all that you would desire ; but they are about as I view them, and will be satisfied, if they at all interest my young friends. It is somewhere said, that '•The golden moment for proper action should never be lost.' At this time, so favorable an opportunity presents itself, to write a few lines to the dear young brethren and sisters at Canterbury, that 1 feel reluctant to resist the inclination. As I looked around upon you beloved young friends, I thought of the toils and trials, all must pass through, to gain an inheritance in the kingdom of Christ; and I discovered an honorable resolution among you, to carry it through. On every plane, from the highest angels down to honorable men and women, everything elevated and God-like, must be gained by virtue, diligence and labor. There is no way, that wTe can attain to the honors of immortality, till we have marshaled for the conflict, fought the battles, and endured the hardships of the campaign. Ayer, Mass.