PLOWMAN SERMONETTE. To the Church Member of the Period My friend, I don't wish to usurp the place of your regular minister, but I am afraid there are some important truths which you are not in the habit of hearing from the pulpit, and, moreover, I know anything presented from a business stand-point will, from mere force of habit, receive better consideration from you than the presentment of abstract truths. You professed religion, and you joined the church because your minister told you it was necessary to do so in order to be saved. You were told that you were a sinner, which is no news to you or to your neighbors, and it was promised that if you repented, those sins would all be forgiven. Your business shrewdness told you that this was a very easy way to settle up for your past wickedness, and you made that compromise adjustment and considered yourself morally square with the Lord and the men you had swindled and wronged. Now that would not be so bad if you had resolved that your moral life, after unloading your life of sin, should be on the basis of a square, honest, one-hundred-centson-the-dollar morality. But, no, you have made the discovery that you can enjoy the fun without suffering the consequences ; that you can dance and let another pay the fiddler. You consider yourself safe because in your own opinion you have complied with the letter of the moral law, and think that a settlement of all sins past is also a liquidation of all sins futureDo you really think that religion is founded on such loose business principles? If one of your clerks comes to you with tears in his eye •, and confesses that he has sinned against you by stealing your money, and assures you that he is truly repentant, you forgive him, perhaps, and may even retain him in your employ, but do you give him license to go on stealing day after day, with the understanding that the first forgiveness covers all subsequent stealings. No, indeed, you have too much good sense to adopt any such policy in the regulation of your business. You can see at once that it would not be dealing rightly with the young man or yourself. I know that it is claimed that religion is not business, but I sincerely wish that there were a little more business in religion. I sincerely wish every convert who has made his entry in the church the turning point of his life would trust more in his own exertions in leading a pure, correct life, and less on the Savior! This is said in no spirit of irreverence, but in the very spirit that a father would feel toward a wayward reformed son. He would willingly help him out of debt and make a man of him again, but he %?ould admire him and honor him more if he conducted himself afterwards so uprightly and squarely that he would not need any more of his father's help. Now you are a member of the church, ar&gt;d the world knows it because you rent a pew, help pay the minister, and admit you are a Christian. They would never know it by your Christian acts. When that poor woman called on you last week and implored you to give her something to do by which she migh earn enough to feed and clothe her suffering children, you broke her heart with a harsh reply, but the next Sunday when Brother— asked in open church what you were willing to contribute towards a taller spire for the church, you responded, 'Fifty dollars!' Then, how much more benign an expression your countenance bore, than did that of your poor neighbor who could give only one dollar ! To be sure, last week, this very neighbor took up the case of the poor woman you treated so harshly, and by devoting several days to the work, succeeded in getting her steady employment with a comfortable income ; but then he is not considered the shining light you are, and cannot begin to make so fervent and eloquent a prayer ! My Christian friend of the period, you have yet to learn the true religion of humanity. It consists in deeds, not professions and formal ceremonies. A symbol is the token of something else, but with you the symbol is the thing itself. A man may just as well imagine that he is getting shaved by leaning against a barber-pole, as to assume that by formally joining the church and performing the ceremonies, that his heart is filled with true religion. Am I assailing your church, or the religion you profess? No; I am assailing (hat sham, that painted image which personates religion and which possesses as much of its true spirit as the wax statue does of the living man it is intended to represent. The existence of the counterfeit doesn't affect the genuine, except in subjecting it to more rigid tests. Test your religion by the acid of misfortune and see how quickly it will tarnish and betray its baseness. In religion, as in business, get the genuine, for it is only that which will pay in the end. Western Ploughman.