He that loveth father or mother more than me... 'He that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me, aud he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.' These words Jesus spoke unto his disciples before they were sent out into the world to preach the gospel and maintain those principles which he taught and practiced. Jesus well knew the greatest cross they would have to bear would be to forsake father, mother, brother and sister and all the family ties that naturally exist among the children of the earthly plane ; and he also knew if they were not willing to forsake the world, with its kindred ties, they never would be worthy to bear the name, Chosen disciple. It also would have been unwise to have commissioned them to preach those principles of purity, if the last tie that bound them to the world had not been completely severed. But, undoubtedly, it was a severe trial for them to pass through ; bitter tears might have flowed from their weeping eyes, even in the midnight hour; their groans might have been heard and in their agonizing distress they might have thought the trial too great for them to bear. But as their minds centered on Jesus in all his purity and loveliness of character, realizing the fact that 1 e had to pass through the same trying ordeals, that the same struggles and sorrows which darkened their pathway, and the temptations which surrounded them on every side, were no greater than those their master had experienced. As they gazed into the future with their eye of faith, realizing the lasting happiness that was in store for those that followed his blessed example,—their tears ceased to flow, their sorrow and anguish subsided and the rays of divine light beamed upon their souls. They were willing and anxious to be among those who would forsake the world and follow the example of their master and leader. When the last tie that bound them to the world was severed, the pentecostal baptism soon followed and then their zeal and enthusiasm was such that they gloried in their suffering. Yea more than this, they were willing to become martyrs for those principles of purity and godliness. The disciples undoubtedly hadfathei'S, mothers, sons and daughters or some earthly kindred that were dear to them : but when they had fully decided to follow Christ, their hearts began to expand with love and tenderness for all mankind. Selfishness was an unknown attribute of their purified souls, they labored to elevate all mankind to a higher standard of purity. Now they could truthfully say. 'Behold my mother and my brethren ; for whosoever shall do the will of my father which is in heaven the same is my brother and sister and mother.' Is it any wonder then that they received such a powerful spiritual baptism after having so fully decided to forsake the world and live a life of purity and unselfishness ? If Mother Ann and the early Believers had not been enthusiastic and earnest enough to have thought more of the principles of Christ than any earthly idol they never could have succeeded-in organizing a society of Christian believers ; and if there is any thing that will deaden the spirituality and retard the progress of Shakerism it is for professed believers to be partial to those of their own earthly kindred. Selfishness can never be in harmony with the true principles of Christianity, for Christ and his disciples and Mother Ann and those connected with her, considered kindred selfishness nothing else but a friend to 'the unfruitful works of darkness,' so we should love all mankind and consider every follow* r of Jesus our brother and sister. What a grand army would soon flock to the kingdom if all that desired a higher, spiritual, development would drop the weights of consanguinity and selfishness and live in harmony with the higher elements of their nature ! It is the low propensities in man that keep him from enjoying that high and elevating happiness which is as eternal as the heavens. But the evil nature is so largely developed in man, that the majority prefer to live only in the happiness that is attained to on the lower plane of life. Animalism is their ged, it is the sanctuary before which they bow. They willingly become subservient to the will of their lower nature. But how different it is with those who have severed all the ties that enslave them in the world ; they now fully realize that they are living in the celestial department of their nature ; free from the degrading influences which accompany those that are governed by their lower propensities. Their love for their kindred is no less, but their love for humanity has increased so largely that the ties of consanguinity are entirely lost sight of, so great is their effort to promulgate the principles of purity and establish the kingdom of heaven on earth. By having this purified and unselfish love permeating in us, the world can comprehend that the resurrection life can be obtained before man enters the spirit land, and further, they can fully see demonstrated the true principles on which to establish the brotherhood of man. May we so live and show by our life that we are worthy to be called Chosen disciples of him who said 'Pie that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me and he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.' Floyd C. Field.