My dear mother; It is Saturday evening... Shaker Village, N. H. July, 1883. My Dear Mother ;—It is Saturday Evening, cool, quiet and pleasant in our little Village, plainly bespeaking the close of another week of labor and the blessing soon to be ours of a Sabbath for rest in spiritual enjoyment. I received your kind little note, also quite a lengthy letter from my dear sister, almost more than my share at one time, but we are all so glad to hear from you, that I think every one feels especially addressed, when your letters are read at our family table. Sister A. who has just read your kind letters, tells me that the piece—'Let my life be with those who have conquered,' that M. Louisa requested to have sung in remem- brance of her, was sang last Sabbath by the youth and children in their morning service, as a prayer for the absent. Does not this prove that your angel guardians hold communion with ours? We shall try to preserve this interchange during your absence by a careful regard to all good impressions, believing in the power of influence to convey many hundred miles even the fragrance of a child's sincere prayer. How many times, do I recall my first lessons in prayer when a little girl. I remember of wondering why our mother prayed with us especially, sometimes, before sending us out to school, besides our morning prayer; and with eyes, often filled with tears, saying;—'0 Lord, draw nigh unto these little ones,' desiring that we be kept from all evil during our absence and then standing in the door while we walked thoughtlessly away to school. Ah! the prayers were all need ed then, and even they were not sufficient to keep your precious treasures from the knowledge of much wrong. I am sure there must be a united effort between Parents and Teachers before protection from moral vices and bad associates can be secured in our common schools, which can never be accomplished by teachers who work only for wages. Whenever I realize a lack of fervency in prayer, I am often condemned by the occurrence of my mother's prayers in early childhood. Surely I have been a favored daughter, and that my parents were enabled to accept the Christ life and become as brother and sister in the hundred fold relation, giving an example to their children of coming out fromthe world as did Jesus, my harp will never be 'hung upon the willows,' nor can I cease to utter praise while I give my life to God. I am pleased that you are so kindly entertained by good friends, and find consolation in the religious experience of others. I can imagine that you have been very busy in attending meetings, speaking, praying and aiming to inform inquiring friends concerning our religious belief. May your efforts be attended with success is the prayer of your home friends who feel a confidence that only good fruits will be the result of your mission. My room-mates are singing as I write, just what you would like to hoar, '.'For grace renewed my soul hath prayed,' and join me in love, the sweetest, to one whom we know only to love and trust. That you may feel a reward, in the assurance that your daughter will ever be true to her precious calling for your kind guidance and love in past days is my sincere prayer. S. F. Wilson.