FISHING FOR MEN. NO. 2 BY REV. JOHN WAUGH [From the Phrenological Journal.] A good fisherman will never continue in a way in which he has repeatedly failed. If the fishing-ground changes he will follow it up; no need of letting down lines and nets where there is nothing to be caught. The changing seasons will require a change of bait, from worms to minnows, or from one kind of flies to another. In the most of industrial pursuits the instruments of labor are in advance of those of ruder times, and the mind-workers of to-day cannot regenerate the world with usages and forms no more adapted to the times than the arrow of the middle ages is for modern warfare. The nf eds, the truths remain the same, but the modes of application require are-adjustment. He who can say, 'Behold I show unto you a more excellent way,' and can demonstrate it by fact, as did Arkwright, Stevenson, and Morse, with the cotton mill, the railway, and the telegraph, should receive a unanimous following. But the new methods must be approved by their results. If less fish are taken by some recent tackle than by the old Waltons of piscatory fame, then let us angle as did the fathers. In common-school teaching, in college instruction, in gospel preaching, in all efforts for the improvement and reformation of men, the supreme desire should be, ''In what way can I best meet the ends of my calling?' We have read of sorrow being upon the seas. Ships have passed through floating masses of dead fish slain by some commotion of nature. Oui ocean of life is filled with dying, dead, and hopeless humanity. Yet the waters may be healed as the Prophet saw the Dead Sea teeming with life from the inflow of aqueous healing from the Temple gates. The fishers of men in all departments of reformatory work should study the best methods. The failures largely lie in conservative ignorance, which ov.ght to be and must be enlightened if the world is to be saved. A treatment that will fail with some will succeed with others. There are thoughtful and secretive natures that, like the finest trout, keep themselves in some shady retreat, who need to be sought out, their sensitiveness overcome, their confidence secured, and, with the needed instruction given, may be brought to do grand service for their race. Combative natures need to be won with no show of authority, but by sympathizing words from warm hearts, and by the exhibition of a true brotherly regard; a slumbering conscience may be revived and their dormant aspirations for better thiogs invigorated to corresponding ac ion. There are lethargic, sluggish individuals, slow to think and slower still to move, who, by some appeals to their leaden hopes, may be aroused to attempt something in the way of improvement. There are some people very easily discouraged; they lack enterprise: they have been thrust into the corners of human life and kept there by habit and circumstance; hope and imagination seem to have no part in their being. Yet even these by a little kindly manipulation with kindness and truth properly presented may be encouraged to attempt some good thing, and from some little strength attain to more. The development of acquisitiveness may be so exorbitant in some that it may be found difficult to turn the upward gaze. Yet by wise appeals to self-love, benevolence, and the reasoning faculties, the lesson of wisdom may be set into fermentation and essentially modify the character. That mental attribute which is strong should be set at work to help that which is weak. There are some so far down in the depths of degradation that to human view no line of helpfulness can reach them; yet in toe lowest deep many have been brought to the surface to see the sun and rejoice in a brighter day. In the floods of humanity pouring over our land and filling our tenement houses in narrow and filthy lanes, our settlements in the oil regions, and the murky mines, there will be found all orders of mind and character calling for all varieties of workmen and skill in operation. That grand old soul-angler, the parabolic writer of 'Bedford jail,'' from his post of observation over the River Ouse, thus quaintly says : 'You seethe way the fisherman doth take To catch the fish! What engines doth he make ? Behold! how he engageth all his wits; Also his snares, lines, angles, hooks and nets; Yet fish there be that neither hook, nor line, Nor snares, nor net, nor engine can make thine. They must be groped for, mid be tickled too, Or they will not be catched, whate'er you do.' No other fishing requires so much practice and art as that for the catching of men. It is the highest of all human callings. It does not come by pedigree, by manipulation, or by royal charter. It is acquired in the school of experience and by long consultation with wisdom. Such are the patriarchs, prophets, priests, apostles, witnesses, and kings of the Great Ruler of the universe. They do not seek recognition among the orders of nobility; it comes by divine right. They are engaged by the side of all waters, on the highway of nations, by the surging tides of foreign immigration, by the dirty waters of politics, in order to save the drowning anglers for office; by the tide flow of youthful life, to save the young and inexperienced from the torrents of social corruption issuing from garret and cellar, rendering existence itself but one asphaltic lake ; by the tides of trade and commerce, to bring the riches of the seas as ministers to virtue. And this they do not for social distinction, for human applause, for coveted wealth, but that those sinking in the waters of ignorance, the floods of intemperance, the rapids of vice, or being carried over the frowning falls of despair, may be transferred to knowledge, sobriety, goodness, and hope. The greater portion are unknown to fame ; they pursue their work in obscurity and silence. They may be found in the school, the pulpit, the platform, at the desk, in the tenement house, the miner's cabin, in the slums of festering city life, in the fetid atmosphere of the hospitals, and by the dying bed of the outcasts of society. They fish with the earnest appeal, the warm persuasion, the benevolent smile, the supplicating prayer, the consecrated purpose to get a hold upon the human heart and transfer it from the abyss of death to the source of all true life. Blessed be these fishers of men ! They are more numerous than we reckon. They are hard workers, faithful students of success in their vocation, among the most self-denying of their race, and yet upon the whole the most contented and happy. Their chief solicitude is to save some from going down into the depths, and in the eternal morn, when their account will be given, they will blush to find it fame.