OUR MANIFESTO. MARY ANN HILL. Our Manifesto, coming each month, laden with rich treasures and living testimonies, from the good brethren and loving sisters as well as kind friends, is always a welcome messenger. I love to read its pages, there is so much good in it. To me it is inspiring, for it helps me to travel up the Holy Hill of Zion, on to that better land where all is peace and quietness, where truth and righteousness prevail and all strife and contention are done away. I am pleased to have it circulated through the land, that others may know of our faith and better understand our religious views : for I do know? of a truth, that by living the Christ-life, I find that peace and happiness which will abide with me even unto' the end. Yea it will be as a garment well wrought, a robe of purity and innocence, which will never wear out: therefore I will take courage and 'weary not' in the strife. We read in the Scriptures, 'They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles ; they shall run, and not be weary ; they shall walk, and not faint.' Let us lay hold of those rich promises and be willing to wait upon the Lord, let us work for Him and be willing to give our whole souls to Him and overcome evil with good. Thus we shall rise on the beautiful wings of freedom to the higher plane, and live the higher life in truth and verity. We shall then be able to help others as we have been helped; consecrate all that we possess to God, and make no selfish reserve ; it takes the whole to be a Christian, we must each give up our own will and way and be devoted to His holy cause, then we can walk and not faint. Christ said to the young man, who asked 'Good Master, what good thing shall I do that I may have eternal life ?' 'If thou wilt enter into life keep the commandments.' The young man replied, 'all these have I kept from my youth up, what lack I yet?' Jesus then said, 'If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven ; Come and follow me.' Here was the test, and to this poor soul as to many others, it was a severe test for we read, he 'went away sorrowful, having great possessions.' 0 I thank my Heavenly Father and Mother that I was called to this way in my youth; I do not feel that my life has been thrown away, or lost; nay, I have been blest of God and his people, by living the virgin life. I have won many victories over self, and am able to say as the little piece expresses ; 'Where Thou leadest I will follow ; Where Thou goest I will go ; Through the flood or through the furnace,— Try me Lord, and bring me low. Fain would I ascend to heaven, Give my selfish life away. Thy seal of promise Thou hast given, Strength according to my day.' It is my prayer from morning until evening that the guiding hand of my Heavenly Father be with me and the watchful eye of my Heavenly Mother be upon me, that I may live as my precious faith teaches,—a life of consecration, fraught with deeds of love and mercy ; for while I bless others 1 feel that I am being blest. For the young Christian I have an especial blessing. Endure unto the end and ye shall be saved. Ye who have put your hand to the plough, see that ye turn not back, for I would that ye be worthy of the kingdom of heaven. Dear young friends, let me say unto you as did Paul to the Ephesians. 'I beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called,—Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.' With all my heart I bless you and I feel your constant blessing in return. Such affection and sympathy is akin to that love which the angels bear to one another. 1 feel a care for all humanity, and most earnestly do I pray that they may be led into all truth. The Scriptures say, 'If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forg've us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.' I believe this to be the only true and living way, whereby we can find salvation full and free, and meet the acceptance of God. I feel an interest in the prosperity of all Zion's children old and young. As age increases, so does my love increase and my confidence strengthen. I want to do all the good I can in this life, to sustain our great and glorious cause. I have full faith in an honest confession of all known sin. Mine have gone to judgment long before this day, and I am a daughter of the free woman. One by one I confessed them, to God in the presence of his witnesses ; and I know they are all forgiven, no fear have I of the coming future, when this little bark of mine shall have ceased to sail upon the sea of life. My spirit will find both rest and employment, beyond the veil, my treasures are stored in heaven, where I shall some day be garnered with my fathers and my mothers, who have gone on before me to that sunny land of peace and blessedness. Eternal life is mine, by prayer and watchfulness we know it is obtained. Our dear Savior taught his disciples to watch and pray. How anxious he felt for them in his last hours ; three times he went to them, and repeated these words : 'Watch, I say unto you, watch and pray that ye enter not into temptation.' It seems very needful for us to watch and pray without ceasing. Let us love our neighbor as ourselves, for this is the command of our blessed Lord and Master ; and in this gospel of Christ and Mother we are counseled to lay aside all selfishness, and run the Christian race with patience. Let us remember that 'the race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong.' Step by step we must ascend the holy hill, and hour by hour we must watch and pray, lest the Holy One come and find us sleeping. As children of the Resurrection let us be found living the life and doing those works which will insure us happiness here, and heaven in the great hereafter. Now Beloved Editor, being 84 years of age on the 10th. of August I have prepared this little message, and shall send it to you for publication, with my everlasting love which shall abide with my testimony ever and forever. West Gloucester, Me.