House and Farm SOMETHING ABOUT CHURNING. JOSEPH WOODS. When a youth, as good or ill luck would have it, I was occasionally called upon to do the churning. On rainy days I had a spi cial call and will make reference to one of these privileges. Dinner was over, and the old dash churn was soon supplied witli something that was called cream, and I was informed that it was ready for me. After some hours of labor with no perceptible change in the cream, I began to express some doubts about the article that I was churning and suggested that it might be milk, or possibly buttermilk, if the former, there might be some ground for hope, as king Solomon had said.—''The churning of milk bringeth forth butter.' Hour after hour passed away but my task was not done. Kupp t was announced and I was quite ready to attend to it. This over the churn was again in active operation. Occasionally an examination was made to note the changes if any were to be seen, and then it was churn, churn, churn until quite late in the evening, but without any perceptible change in the contents of the churn, and I doubt if there would have been if I had worked at it till the present time. Fortunately, a very good Aunt of mine, was with us, on a visit, and she remarked that the cream might need rest. Be that as it may, I knew that I needed rest. We now proposed to try an old churn which ante-dated the dash, and possibly before Adam the first was appointed a gardener. Who knows? The maker may have secured a patent-right. We have never heard of an infringement, nor of but one claimant, and that was a small boy, who on being asked by his instructor in rather a sharp tone of voice, 'Who made the world?' became a little frightened and did not reply. The question was repeated in a sharper tone. Fearing punishment if he did not answer the question; Replied 'But I'll never do it again.' On the fallowing morning the contents of the churn were put into a closely woven, cotton bag, and this encased in another of similar material and then buried in the earth at about the depth of one foot. The pit was made in a body of yellow sand. The next morning the sack was taken from the ground, and my doubts were all dispelled in reference to the contents. The butter was collected into one lump, while the buttermilk had nearly all been drawn out into the sand. You may be assured that I was delighted with thi» ancient churn, thinking there would he no more long pulls for me, but in this I was destined to disappointment. The two or three quarts of buttermilk lost in the ground was considered of more value than my labor, and it was not till long after this, that some kind friend informed my parents that if they would scald the milkas soon as it was brought to the dairy, we might, obtain the butter from the cream as quickly as in the summer. This was proved to be correct. Where I now reside we keep upwards of thirty cows. The milk is set in Cooley creamers and we are informed that the labor of the dairy is reduced about one half. More butter is obtained from the same amount of cream than on the old plan and of a superior quality. We use the Blanchard Churn. 'The best.' We also use the Blanchard BUTTER WORKER, which for ease and perfection in working out all the buttermilk, and evenly working in the salt, has not been surpassed since the days of King Solomon. Canterbury, N. H. KITCHEN EDUCATION The origin of many of the troubles which afflict mankind may be traced to a disordered stomach. Carlyle was a dyspeptic and he made his home-life cheerless and gloomy. No doubt but some of our bad legislation maybe attributed to indigestible hotel breakfasts, and the burdens of sorrow produced by social disturbances have no more prolific contributor than the disordered stomach which produce disordered minds. If we want to raise the average of morality, happiness and prosperity of the people, the science of eating must be given a more prominent place in our educational system. Through ignorance, and much of it inexcusable, we eat disease, we drink it, we sleep with it, and breathe it. What to eat- how to cook it and when and how to eat it, are certainly subjects of study, quite as practical and beneficial as the conjugation of Greek verbs. Isn't it a little strange that while we employ the best medical skill we can obtain to cure disease, we turn our stomachs over to ignorant cooks and allow them to cram it with dietetic abominations which ruin its functions and produce disease? If talent, genius and skill are looking for a good missionary field, the kitchen is the great uncivilized realm. We want the coming generation of girls taught how to cook intelligently. Give the stomach good, wholesome food, and it will ii 1 your veins with pure blood, which in turn will give you a healthy brain and drive away the whole brood of manufactured troubles. We have had education for the parlor, and we are a nation of dyspeptics. Now, as a matter of experiment let us try education for the kitchen. Western Plowman. PICKLES. Take small sized cucumbers, and scald them three successive mornings in weak brine. Drain them dry, have ready a brass kettle and some nice strong vinegar, with cloves, allspice, and a small piece of alum, which will make them green and brittle, a little horseradish root improves them. Pickles made in this way will keep through the year. To starch collars, cuffs, etc.... To starch collars, cuffs, etc. so that they will be stiff and glossy as those bought at furnishing stores, add to one quart of the well boiled(corn)starch three ounces of water gloss, one ounce of gum arabic, and two ounces of loaf sugar—Use polishing iron. Sci. Araer. Very Nice Doughnuts. —One heaping cup sugar, three eggs, one cup sour cream, one small teaspoonful soda, flour sufficient to roll out. If cream is not attainable, sour milk will do, or use sweet milk adding a small piece of butter, and a little less soda.— A. J. C. Corns can be cured by... Corns can be cured by a paste of sal-soda and brown soap.— Dr. Hebbard. A bit of butter rubbed on a white spot... A bit of butter rubbed on a white spot on varnished furniture, will restore the color. Take one ounce of spermaceti and... Take one ounce of spermaceti and one ounce of white wax. melt and run into a thin cake on a plate. A piece the size of a quarter dollar added to a quart of prepared starch gives a beautiful luster to the clothes and prevents the iron sticking. It is said that the 'wicked borrow and never return'.... It is said that the 'wicked borrow and never return.' How long can a person keep righteous and retain borrowed articles, books, papers, tools and umbrellas? J. Woods.