Sanitary BRIGHT'S DISEASE AND ICE WATER A Baltimore druggist of experience and ample opportunity for observation, has advanced the idea that Bright's disease is attributable to the immoderate use of ice water and cold drinks. He cites the fact that the people of this country use ninety per cent, more ice in their drinks than the people of any other country. Greenlanders notexcepted. We have seventy-five per cent, more of Bright's disease. He cites the fact that the wine drinking countries of Europe are comparatively free from the malady. Travelers have observed and commented upon the prejudice which seems to exist against ice water and iced drinks in all countries outside of the United states. The Englishman and the German fairly shun ice, though placed in easy reach of boundless quantities of it, and the Frenchman who sips the light wines would as soon think of taking an emetic as of chilling his stomach with an iced draft. Our drug friend points to the fact that Bright's disease has kept pace in this country with the increased consumption of ice, and claims that before ice became a common household necessity the malady was scarcely known among physicians. There may he something in this theory. Baltimore Gazette. KEEP A BOTTLE OF LIME WATER If good milk disagrees with a child or grown person, lime water at the rate of three or four tablespoonfuls to the pint, mixed with the milk or taken after it, will usually help digestion and prevent flatulence. Lime water is a simple antacid, and is a little tonic. It often counteracts pain from acid fruits, from 'wind in the stomach,' and from acids produced by eating candies and other sweets; also 'stomach-ache' (indigestion) from overeating of any kind. A tablespoonful for a child of two years old, to a gill or more for an adult, is an ordinary dose, while considerable more will produce no serious injury. A pint of cold water dissolves less than ten grains of lime, and warm water still less. Pure lime water, even though pretty closely corked, soon deteriorates by carbonic acid in the air, which unites with the lime and settles as an insoluble carbonate. To have it always ready and good, and at no cost, put into a tall pint or quart glass bottle, of any kind, a gill or so of good lime just slaked with water. Then fill the bottle nearly full of rain or other pure water, and let it stand quietly, corking well. The lime will settle, leaving clear lime water at the top. Pour off gently as wanted, adding more water as needed. Some carbonic acid will enter, but the carbonate will settle, often upon the sides of the bottle, and freshly saturated water remain The lime should be removed and a new supply put in once a year or so, unless kept very tightly corked.— American Agriculturist.