THE INFLUENCE OF A GENTLE VOICE. MARY M. COCHRAN. The human voice is capable of being used in many ways, and the different tone sometimes conveys a great deal of meaning, equal, seemingly to the language of different nations. The variable influences produced on the mind, seem to have their origin, in many respects from the tone of voice used by those with whom we daily associate. A mild but firm voice has charms that would dispel the most sullen or fretful feelings ; which are so disagreeable, yet so common, and so easily produced. To associ te with a person but a short time who exercises a rough and harsh voice and language, the influence is deadening to the finer senses and feelings; and without great care we should adopt the same manner ourselves, for we are so organized that whatever kind of company we mingle with the most, we are liable to partake of the style of language, whether vulgar or chaste. If we associate with those who love purity of spirit, and are choice in their selection of language, their influence draws out the better feelings and aspirations of our hearts. A mild voice,—O how sweet is the music of a pleasant and cheerful voice; on the feelings of the weary, and oppressed with cares and burdens. In my own experience, its power is beyond expression; its influence is elevating; and a few words, spoken in the voice of love, are worth more than many sermons. Who has not, when contending with temptation, or under a sense of their weakness, and inability to live to a correct faith, feeling the force of evil in their own spirits, stronger than the power of good,— who lias not felt the electric influence of a gentle voice speaking words of encouragement, although ignorant of the strife within? It dispels the brooding host of temptation, creates new feelings and desires ; divesting the dark path of life of its perils and dangers, and making the narrow patli of self-denial pleasant and as beautiful as the garden of God. Did we but bear in mind the importance of the verse, 'Speak gently,— tis a little thing Dd i th ht' dp well; b p gy, Dropped in the heart's deep The good, the joy which it ma}r bring, Eternity shall tell.' How careful we should be to speak in the spirit of Christ even to the least, were we conscious at all times that each word left its impress on the soul, to be met in Eternity, whether good or evil. Canterbury, N. H.