Letter Box My dear Shaker friend Agnes; I believe... Maple-wood, June, 1883. My Dear Shaker Friend Agnes ;—I believe I owe you a letter. I have had to take my books home a great deal on account of examination. Our vacation begins soon. I am going to take two parts in two different dialogues the last day, and speak a piece alone if I get it learned by then. It has been a very pleasant day here. We are all well, Charley is as healthy as ever. Emma says she would like to see you ever so much. Father and Mother are very busy. I had the mumps they lasted me a day and a half, I am all well now and able to go to school. The Summer is very cool here. Is it very warm weather up there? I suppose your planting is all done. We have no garden this year. We send bur love to you all. Good bye. Your Friend, Gracie Wells.—Age, 11. Gracie Wells My little friend Gracie; Your letters are... Shaker Village, N. H. July, 1883. My Little Friend Gracie ;—Your letters are always welcome little visitors; as I enjoy hearing from you and your friends very much. I am glad to hear of your success in your studies; but not so well pleased, to learn that you study at home, beside the regular hours for study. While we would cultivate the mind, we must not forget the body, which is the temple of the mind; and if that is not strong and healthful, the mind is greatly influenced thereby. Study the lessons in school hours diligently, but seek health, when those hours are over. Have you been to the top of High Rock this year? We enjoyed the extensive view, of land and sea which it afforded, very much. By the way, Have you been berrying this season? Our children have had several rambles after berries. Some of them find more fun and frolic, than berries, judging from the scantily filled pails that return. I heard one little girl say, that she kept shaking up the berries in her pail, but it would'nt look full, any way. Elder N—whom I think you will remember, assisted by others, takes charge of the vegetable garden, and iruit growing districts, which promise abundance, this year. As I write, the robins are singing for joy in the cherry trees. If they would prudently dispose of one cherry at a time, we would not mind; but they take a little nibble of all the best ones, which we don't like a bit. We have very sudden changes of temperature ; making Summer and Winter clothing, alternately, a necessity. Since you visited us. have had the roof of our barn tinned, covering an area of 10,000 square feet- Summer school is in session. Number of pupils, 28. Ages ranging from G to 10 years. We would be kindly remembered to your father and mother; and all of the friends. Kindly yours, A. E. N.