'For Mine Eyes have Seen thy Salvation.' JOANNA J. KAIME. While reading the little pamphlet recently issued, containing a brief outline of the life and experience of Mother Ann Lee, the thought suggested itself, to write for my friends a cherished dream, or vision of Mother, which occurred to me in the early period of my experience as a Shaker sister, being then, nearly twenty years of age. 1 hope thereby to interest, if not profit, some of the risiug class among us who have never been privileged to see or converse with any of those noble characters who were her immediate associates, and followers, while in the form. It may b? well to state that at the time to which I refer, there were many mediums in our Societies, gifted with boautif'ul songs, who often sang complete stanzas when thus entranced without any hesitation in a peculiarly melodious and touching manner. ¦ This form of inspiration was greatly to be coveted by one so newly and deeply convicted of the need, as well as of the beauty, of a religious life, heightened by such heavenly influences. Yet, all my earnest prayers seemed to fail to bring me the desired immediate ministration. I was also particularly anxious to know more of Mother Ann, whose life I had so often read and re-read with ever increasing interest, just as I trust many of my youthful readers have done, and are still doing. But to my vision ; which, let me state, occured at a time when engaged in the Family's Cooking Department;—:it being then, my duty, to prepare ve ;etables for the table. At the gjose of a somewhat busy day, I attended our usual evening worship, and on retiring thereafter, soon fell asleep. In my dream however, I seemed to be about my daily duties again when the tidings reached us, that Mother Ann Lee was making a visit to the various societies of Believers ; and would call on our family sometime during that day. Soon after the announcement was received, Mother entered our apartment unattended, being attired in the usual simple garb of the Sisterhood, and greeting us with a pleasant smile, (her only language,) began at once an inspection of the kitchen and its utensils. I confess that I felt some trepidation, lest the places and possessions of which I had special charge, should betray a want of faithfulness,—but after her survey, I was made most happy, as her hand of approval rested upon my head in silent blessing. The grave, yet exceedingly sweet, tender and maternal expression of her countenance, as she quietly withdrew, is still vividly retained in memory, and seems as fresh to-day as au event of yesterday, although nearly forty years have elapsed since its occurrence. I awoke in the morning refreshed and delighted with the interview, which was too precious to mention to any one till I had related it to my spiritual guides, which I resolved to do, at my earliest convenience. It so happened, however, that directly after breakfast was over, Eklress M. called me to her room saying;—'J. Sister C. has a little message for you from Mother Ann,—and will sing the same if you will listen.' The medium sang as follows ; 'Fear not my child, I claim you mine, Your efforts I can bless ; Know when in trial I am near And would this truth impress,— Hope shall your anchor be, Strength equal to your day ; While trustingly you meet the light And lovingly obey. Faint not, though sorrows come, Your faith shall stand the test; Abide in Truth, make it your home, Your everlasting rest.' This unexpected summons was to me a confirmation of the real spirit presence of our Mother with whom I had so longed to become better acquainted, and not having had the opportunity to relate the dream according to my resolve I regard it a pleasing coincidence. To my young friends for whom I have narrated the above, I would idd, that as you intelligently give your best, purest thoughts, and conscientiously listen to your religions convictions of duty you will receive corresponding spiritual experiences from divine sources, and attain unto a faith in those principles which will only constitute you a genuine Christian, as taught by Mother Ann Lee who is neither a myth nor fable in that unseen realm of perfectness to which we are all aiming. No vague fancies, no ideal goodness will hold you to the purity of life which she lived and p omulged. A humble confession of all known sin with the legitimate fruits of repentance will give you a perception of her beautiful spirit and holy influence which I then realized and has been to me a talisman through the vicissitudes of this life, an \ I trust will be a passport to the world beyond. Canterbury, N. H.