That the church of Christ could not be... That the church of Christ could not be built on any other foundation except that of religious communism must be the ultimate reached by all who carefully study his life and spiritual ministration. From the day that he preached his first lesson of righteousness to Simon and Andrew, on the sea shore, till his crucifixion on Calvary, his absorbing theme was the Kingdom of God. The twelve were called to follow him, and he would commission them to go from place to place preaching the word of God and healing the sick. Jesus tells them that he lias no home, that is, he has no home which constitutes his selfish property, but his home was with his brethren, Avho mutually assisted each other in providing for the little community. Peter says, we have left all to follow thee, and for this ^acrilice receives the assurance of abundant blessings in this life, and an eternal reward in the world to come. The disciples were recommended to dissolve all the relations that formed the wonderful bond of kinship, which proved an effectual death blow to the selfishness of the human heart. Sell all thou hast said Jesus, give it to the poor of the church, and after you are released from the power of this earthly magnet, then and not till then will you be ready to become a Christian. Jesus takes away evei*y thing from those who sought his advice, that woald in the least, contribute to foster the old Adamic relation. He would have them interested in the work of regeneration, in the resurrection that would take effect in this life, and then in the order of an united inheritance which would award to every disciple the inestimable treasures of the Kingdom of God. The disciples accepted this unselfish manifestation of the testimony. There is not the faintest idea, in which we might place a hope, that a class of Jews like those who followed Jesus, would have sold all they owned, their houses and lands, and then have given their money into the treasury as a common fund unless they had received the full understanding from Jesus that it was to be the order of his church. Indeed, there is no way in which people can have 'all things in common,' except by the formation of a community. By holding in check the individual selfishness, they are able, through discipline, to care for and minister to each other. The experience of an hundred years in the maintaining of community relations has afforded our Societies a knowledge, which unfolds the beauty and consistency of this doctrine as taught by Jesus and the disciples.