THE PRESENT VILE SOCIAL SYSTEM OF SOCIETY AND ITS REMEDY. ROBERT STEVENS. Dear Friends ;—In making the following desultory remarks on this vitally important subject (viz.) the present wretched social system, and its only adequate remedy, 'Bible, Divine, or what other name you may give,' to constructive, not destructive communism, allow me to state once for all, that I do not blame, or judge, or hold responsible any individual, or parties, for the evils of the present social system. These evils are inherent in the system, itself as absolutely necessary effects of certain false principles, upon which the system is founded. We may lessen, or change these evils for a time as men and women of good hearts are doing to-day, but who do not look deep enough for the cause, and therefore do not remove it, so that our remedial measures are but palliatives, like the patching up of a dam, or embankment that has been constructed on false principles. The water will ooze out in fresh places, gather strength, and soon or late the whole erroneous construction will break up, and over-whelm all in its terrible path. Again suppose the different classes of society, labor and capital for instance the rich and the poor, the producers, and the nonproducers, the monopolists, and the antimonopolists, change places when they are young, if they do so we know that their thought and action, their general character, nationally speaking would be reversed when they arrived at maturity. It is error therefore, erroneous systems that we are at war with and not with men. Upwards of eighteen hundred years have gone, since the great Paul, and the greater Christ inaugurated a new, a divine practical religion in which men should be supremely lovers of God, and their neighbor as themselves. They also inaugurated a new a divine, social system of society, a righteous, political, economy in order to make that divine religion possible, for it would not have been wise to adopt the then, as now rile social system. It would not have been wise to attempt to repair the old shoddy garment with the new, the divine robe of righteousness. Therefore, soon after the terrible, the lamentable death of the great, the self-sacrificing, the divine Master, for all goodness is divine, the disciples came together with one accord, strong in spiritual life, over-flowing with spiritual love, they were of one heart, and one mind, one with Christ, their beloved Master, one with God their loving Father, and one in material things followed as an absolutely necessary effect upon those previous causes. So full were they to over-flowing in spiritual love, of unity in Christ, in God, that this their loftier, their higher state of being outweighed every other consideration, and they sold their possessions, and brought the prices and laid them down at the Apostle's feet, neither called any man anything his own, that was his own, for they had all things in common ; and similar results will of natural necessity follow to-day, whenever similar causes, similar means are realized. But these noble men and women with the noble, thevv 236 THE MANIFESTO. brave Paul at their head, were persecuted, were scattered and in seven years their wise social organization was broken up, else there is little doubt it might have continued in the Church till the present day, nevertheless the leaven was embedded in the heart, and in the mind of humanity at that great Congress of spiritual love, and of wisdom, the day of Pentecost, and the whole must be leavened, and if the Church continues to be unfaithful to its high mission then rude hands—aye, terribly rude, will take it up and do it with vengeance. Day by day we hear the ominous knocks of these rude hands at the very door of civilization: nay they are already stained with its blood, and are but waiting like bloodhounds in the lash to go on with the work. Allow me to repeat dear friends, it is for the professed Church of Christ, of God, it is for the wise, and the good of the nations, those who alike freed God's colored children from chattel slavery, and saved this great nation from wreck and ruin those who to-day are redeeming the nations from the alcohol curse, and in a thousand ways persistently working to lift up humanity to higher aims and realities, I say it is for these glorious men and women to say whether the blood stained hands shall go on with this vital work of divine constructive communism, (divine in itself as a higher truth,) or whether they will take it from their fiendish grasp, supersede them, take the question from the turbulent sea of politics altogether, and launch it into the peaceful, but not less buoyant, and progressive stream of religio-social questions. Some of our friends say that communities fail, and so do general business firms fail at the rate of a thousand a year. As to the practicability of constructive communism, I need but point to the numerous communities of this country. The Shakers' common property organization, and many others, in spite of what some conceive to be, not errors of heart, but of brain, they have by their practical experiment in the case of the Shakers of a hundred years duration completely solved the vital questions of the present, senseless, social system. They have proved, demonstrated by actual experiment, that with extremely few exceptions, all the vice, crime, poverty, disease, war; the awful amount of general misery under which mankind suffer, is preventable. These communities for upwards of a hundred years, have not had, or needed, prisons, police, war between capital and labor, for they are all working capitalists. A man, or woman, or poor widow with a numerous family, may join these communities, and that moment they become in law and in fraternal love equal owners of all they possess, though they may not have brought in a dollar, and there are not the drawbacks in them that is generally supposed. These practical demonstrations of the possibilities of an infinitely higher social state, like all other truths, the more they are examined the more positive they appear. It is either true, or false that the mental, and physical labor of the world produce all the food, clothing, shelter and ^capital of the world. It is either true, or false, that labor is the worst fed, the worst clothed, and the worst sheltered. That it has the least chances of education and of culture, and that its life is cut short by ten years of the average duration of life among other classes of society. That more than one half of the children of the lower strata of society die before they are five years of age. That labor is dependant for the necessaries of its life, and for those of its wife and children upon the private capitalist as much now, or more, than under a system of chattel slavery. If all this state of things be true and in the main, it is self-evident, then is humanity cruelly outraged by fearful injustice, the very enormity of which is a daily peril to civilization itself, and a positive menace that struggles for the disruption of society will continue at whatever cost. Let therefore the goodness, and the wisdom of the nations assert their strength (ere it be too late,) for love is more powerful than dynamite, or the assasin's dagger, and it may make this vile, this senseless, selfish, groveling system of society like chattel slavery, a thing of the past, so that righteousness, and therefore happiness may dwell among the nations of the earth. Come forth to community, Thou man of care, and toil, Leave competition's strife; In brotherhood, till the soil, God would have thee holy, pure. With happiness to shine, Woi.ld strew thy path with many a flower And dwell with thee, and thine.