THE SHAKER BETSEY KNOWLES The traveler is occasionally surprised by a sight, new and striking, but, seldom one which attracts his attention by its quietness, so much as does a Shaker Village. The simple forms of architecture, the simple dress of the citizens and the air of quiet which pervade the whole, strike us as something peculiar in this day of elaborate adornment. It would seem that all the world had gone crazy for ornament, from the Emperor on his throne, who expends fifteen millions in a coronation pageant, to the hardworking day laborer who exhausts his earnings in trappings for the body. But to the contrast; on the busy street or in the crowded car you meet the Shaker; perhaps old and wrinkled, his life may have been spent in the outer world save a few declining years, or perhaps, a young man whose modest self-possession speaks of the restraining love and care of Shaker discipline. The man by his side is hastening on to his business, intent on procuring the means of sustenance for himself and family; another is feeding ambition in the exciting whirl of politics ;—believing that his candidate, if successful, will restore the country to the justice and righteousness of the days of Washington. Still another fellow-traveler is preaching the gospel of Christ, and on his merits, imagines that himself and like believers will find acceptance. All these characters and many more seem to have their object, and to he following their ruling love. We can understand that they have something to call out their energies and make them participants and actors in this world's drama. The Shaker can take no part in the political movements for Christ's gospel teaches him that his followers are not of the world even as he was not of the world. While it does not allow him to fight, but to 'overcome evil with good,' it says to him, 'If ye forgive not men their trespasses neither will your Father in heaven forgive your trespasses.' 'If the world hate you, ye know it hated me before it hated you.' No political scheme, not even the ballot-box, has called him out from his quiet, contemplative home. Home, he calls it, but can that significant designation be given to the Shaker's resting and abiding place? None of those ties which impel his neighbor on to activity and toil are for him, and home, that sacred and charmed spot, can be to him scarce more than a name. Like his Teacher whom he professes to follow so closely, his 'Mother and brethren are those who do the will of his Father in heaven.' Like him. he supports none of the natural or selfish relationships of the earth. He has no wife, no natural descendants. 'Who can tell his generation, for his life was taken from the earth.' The impulses and passions of his nature are held in check and overcome by the mandate of his Teacher. 'Whoso taketh not up his cross and followeth me is not worthy of me,' (or cannot be my disciple.) And although others around him, professing to be disciples, live in the full indulgence of this nature, which they believe the Savior crucified, still, to him this is no abatement of the injunction to take up the cross and follow Christ. A follower, according to Webster is THE MANIFESTO. 227 one who comes after another in the same course. As nothing tends more to mark out the order of one's life than marriage with all the relationships consequent upon it, the Shaker considers this special feature of the virgin life of Christ as most worthy of his imitation ; and as nothing can be more crossing to the affections of nature, he considers this self-denial emphatically the cross of which Jesus so often made mention. Tempted in all points like as we are, his tender, sympathetic, nature yielded to the dictation of the God within. On this point without conflict, stern and heart rending as his temptation of forty days and nights in the wilderness is proof, 'Yet without sin.' The God triumphed over the man, the spiritual over the natural, the mind and soul over the humanity and the pattern was set while Angels came and ministered to him. What was the need of such a pattern? Adam and Eve had set one years before, which had been faithfully copied. 'Created in the image of God' they had fallen from a high, natural, plane, by listening to natural enticements. Instead of fulfilling the intention and perfecting the nature, created a little lower than the Angels, this plane was reversed and sensuality filled the land. When, therefore, the time was come for a more spiritual dispensation than the law or the prophets announced, they were still unprepared. They imagined that the Messiah was coming to set up a temporal kingdom, to overcome all opposition, and feeling the force of his spirit they -were ready to crown him their King. But when they discovered that this was not his mission ;—when they heard his rebuke for their hypocrisies and slowness of heart to believe ; in short when he offered them the unacceptable life of the cross, they turne.l from it in disgust, and were ready to accuse him of being an enemy to the country. They had already accused him of being a disturber of the peace, for when the words 'follow me,' were pronounced, no ties of business or relationship were sufficient to release them from the obligation of the call to forsake all. 'I am come' said he, 'to set a man at variance against his Father and the daughter against the Mother and the Mother-in-law against the daughter-in-law, and a man's foes shall be they of his own household.' 'He that loveth Father or Mother more than me is not worthy of me, and he that loveth Son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me ; and he that taketh not up his cross and followeth after me is not worthy of me.' The Shaker is, emphatically, a subject of the higher law. When the lower or earthly come in collision with the gospel law, the former must yield, as he considers himself not only a subject of the gospel and of a new dispensation but as in the resurrection. Obedience to law is to him a matter of duty and conscience, as a peaceable, rderly loving, citizen. Of the resurrection of the body he has no comprehension, but to him the term resurrection implies a rising or elevation from natural, ear hly and carnal, into spiritual, heavenly and refined states; a work of the spirit which not only induces purity of thought and action but calls for a pure receptacle. 'Know ye not ye are the temples of God and the spirit of God dwelleth in you? If any man defile the temple of God him will God destroy; for the temple of God is holy which temple ye are.' Purity of heart, is the talismanic charm to undo the gates of bliss. 'Blessed are the pure in heart for they shall see God,' finds fulfillment with him for he sees the manifestation of God m his people and feels a certainty of happiness such as none others have. It is not with him 'a hope' or 'a trembling hope,' he says, 'my passport is sure.' He has the 'white robe' and is confident that he shall stand with the Lamb on Mount Zion. His confidence no man can shake. The children of this world marry and are given in marriage, but those who are accounted worthy to attain to that world, neither marry nor are given in marriage, and he considers himself no more of this world than was his Teacher. He supports none of the private, or sensual relations with which the world is filled. By so doing he lays the axe at the root of the tree, and in destroying that, feels that the limbs or minor evils will die also. 'Whence come wars and fightings? come they not of your lusts which war in your members?' Subdue these lusts and the wars cease, &gt; 228 THE MANIFESTO. But while the Shaker is as rigid in his selfdenial as the monk, while he craves none of the Corinthian indulgences for a sensual nature, he holds a pure and elevated relation, ship with woman. The participation of woman in matters of government both spiritual and temporal is a matter long since settled by the Shaker as the prerogative of woman as helpmeet for man'The man is not without the woman nor the woman without the man in the Lord.' They were both necessary to constitute the image of God, and therefore, he feels that in excluding woman from an equal participation, mankind not only wrong her, but deprive themselves of the more immediate love and wisdom manifestation. 'With the Shaker, therefore, woman is neither an object of idolatry nor chivalrous devotion, nor yet of sensual, selfish, love. She is the companion, the assistant, the Mary, or the Dorcas, full of charity and good works in the household of faith. While the journals of the day teem with accounts of cruelties inflicted by children of this world, the Shaker Sister in the security of her peaceful home, blesses God for its quiet from the lawless, ungoverned passions which rend and agonize so many in the world, who still continue to walk in the broad way. Many of them know, by experience, that no relationship can be so near as those that grow out of marriage, still none can be so agonizing in their misdirected or ill assorted realizations; nothing so transforms the image of God into a brute and debases all holy and generous impulses in man, as to give unbridled reins to sensuality. So far from envying those who are living in that state where 'they twain become one flesh,' she blesses God for a call into a work which teaches meekness, peacefulness, and righteousness. The married woman careth for the things of the world, but unmarried for the things of the Lord. She lives and believes in the angelic life. The loves of her aature are not cramped as many suppose, but become widened and diffused, to embrace in the bonds of love all the household of faith. In the depths of her soul, she breathes the prayer for more of that self-denying love; that all-embracing love which animated her Lord. Dediicated to God, her life is not only angelic in its purity and entire abnegation of self, but filled with use ; for industry with her is morality and religion, indispensable for spirituality. When, therefore, the early morn finds her in duty, cheerfully performing her allotted labor, not for herself alone, who can say that her life is not heroic? The ancient mother who counseled her son to return to her on his bier rather than his country be dishonored, is not her superior in the heroic or the brave. Her life is continual sacrifice, a sacrifice not to the country, however noble that may seem, not to any earthly mandate, but a cheerful, continual and hearty response to the voice of illuminated conscience. She has no time to spend in idle gossip as her religion teaches that if she has aught to say of another, it should be in her praise of virtue and not of demerit. She can be no exclusive or aristocrat for her gospel reads that they all may be one and thus the mountains of exaltation sink and valleys rise in the Shaker life. She can covet nothing better for herself that is not consistent with her love for others. Her deeds of benevolence and self-denial may never secure for her a nation's gratitude or the approval of earthly rulers as her name may never be heard beyond the precincts of her home, of consecration. The serene and quiet consciousness of right abides with her, and the approval of him who was poorer than herself, in as much as 'he had not where to lay his head.' She feels in harmony with prophets, saints and martyrs. They see her mission sustain and bless her in it. Her life is comprehended and governed by the Mother spirit above, and believing with her whole soul that the great problem of the elevation of the race must be solved in this way, she stands among the first fruits of the new dispensation. The ultimatum would reconcile her to crosses, trials and afflictions, but present peace is more than sufficient to counter-balance all the trials. With her 'The Angels of the Lord eneampeth round about them that love Him.' She feels that the calm and quiet of that 'city whose walls are salvation THE MANIFESTO. 229 and whose gates are praise,' are something to be enjoyed prized and loved. Harvard, Mass.