HENRY CLOUGH, No. 1. The subject of this sketch was born in Canterbury, N. H. Feb. 6, 1751. His parents, in regard to wealth and character, occupied a place among the first families. As religionists they accepted the faith of the sect called Armenians. Jeremiah Clough, the father, owned a large farm in the west part of the town, which was kept under good cultivation. He also officiated for several years as Justice of the Peace. The means of acquiring an education in those primitive days were very limited, compared with the facilities that hold out their invitations at the present time, and into which the poor as well as the rich are freely admitted. Henry was privileged to attend the district school and to obtain the advantages which this humble institution afforded. As a literary distinction was not the passion of his life, he did not seek admission into the schools of a higher grade. In fact, scholastic attainments in those days, were not the insignia of manly dignity, but he was a man who had muscle, and will, and judgment, and' morality, and religion. He was a man who earned his bread by the sweat of his brow, and amassed wealth by honest toil, rather than to take from others by fraud and deception. Instead of becoming a mere parasite of society, Henry followed the wise example of his father, and became a tiller of the soil, and became also an industrious, frugal, honest, moral, commonsensed, plain hearted, yeoman,—one of a class that could meet difficulties and overcome them, and face danger with the firmness of the granite hills, upon which he was reared. 218 THE MANIFESTO. Henry cared but little for an outward appearance. He opposed all decorations of person with jewelry, and consequently paid no titles to the high priest of fashion ; but was contented with the needful things of life, which contributed to make the earthly pilgrimage pleasant and cheerful. Modesty and virtue were his guides, in all his arrangements, whether it pertained to his person or possessions. He was very punctual in all his duties, and the principle to do right, because it was right, was his rule of action. In this he obeyed the counsel of his parents, and inherited a blessing which enabled him through life to be reflective and to judge with a righteous judgment. In personal appearance Henry was of medium height, and well proportioned. His complexion was light, hair auburn, and his eyes hazel. His countenance was grave, and his mind disciplined to meditation and penetration. He was at times, quite serious, and yet in conversation, peculiarly agreeable. He was very fond of children and delighted to notice them, and would often speak to them about being virtuous and kind and encourage tiiem to be honest and truthful. He was open and frank in the expression of his sentiments, with a marked honesty in his dealings with others. To those in need, he was very hospitable, bearing in mind, that, 'He that giveth to the poor shall not lack, but he that hideth his eyes, shall have many a curse.' In this way he prospered in the things of this life. In his religious sentiments he was a Congregationalist, and in all propriety might be called a just man. His moral faculties predominated, and when awakened to a duty or , religious obligation, he devoted his whole soul to the work. As a first and enduring inheritance he sought the Kingdom of God and its righteousness and accepted the manifestations of truth as revealed to him with fervency of spirit. He carefully examined into the merits of all that professed to flow from the fountain of wisdom and knowledge, and when he had ascertained that greater blessings of immortality and eternal life were the result, he 'conferred not with flesh and blood,' but boldly entered the field with all the ardor of a faithful and devoted soldier. In the year 1778 a religious awakening took place in Canterbury and the adjoining towns, from which arose the sect called Free Will Baptists. The peculiar tenets of this denomination were, that by the death of Jesus, salvation was provided for all men,—that through faith in Christ and sanctification of the spirit, though by, nature entirely sinners all men may become new creatures in this life, and after death enjoy eternal happiness. They consider that Elders and Deacons are the officers of the church, designed in the scriptures, and to maintain that piety and a call to the work, are the essential qualifications of a Minister, without regard to literary attainments. They agree in most other respects with the trinitarian Christians. This spiritual movement was similar to the preparatory work which preceded the opening of the gospel in New Lebanon, N. Y. and the adjacent towns ; the particular features being the numerous prophecies of the near approach of Christ's second advent,—powerful testimonies against all sin, and the fallen state of religious professors. Such a THE MANIFESTO. 219 preparatory work had preceded the Gospel in every place where Societies of Believers are located. Henry took an active part in this revival and became a powerful preacher and a zealous worker. He was now accepted as a prominent guide among the people, and from the conscientious duty which he owed to God and to his own soul, he pressed forward in the increasing manifestations of goodness and truth which had broken upon his vision. In this advanced work, he continued steadfast until the gospel testimony was opened ; a testimony which strikes at the root of all selfishness, and which is like a refiner's fire and like fuller's soap, to cleanse the soul from the dross of sensuality and bring it into life by the resurrection power of God. Henry was one of the first who received the faith of the Gospel, in Canterbury, and having proved himself an honest, candid, upright man in the natural order, he did not flinch at the crossbearing testimony of the Gospel, but passed the fiery ordeal and was baptized into the awakening spirit which conquers all evil andieigns triumphant over death. He was now 28 years of age, and had made all due arrangements for entering into the marriage relation ; but finding that the gospel of Jesus Christ did not admit of the relation of husband and wife, nor of the accumulation of selfish property, he made a full sacrifice of body, soul and spirit, to obtain the Kingdom of Heaven, and was very zealous in promoting the cause both as a preacher and as a practical worker. 'I did not set out to obey the Gos-' pel,' said he, 'because I felt pressed with the conviction of sin, nor because I was afraid of being lost, but the requirements of the work appeared so reasonable, that I obeyed them from choice, to do that which was evidently right. I was drawn into it, and kept in it by my love for that which is right and good.' At this date Henry was the owner of some 400 acres of land. The farm was under good cultivation. The buildings attached to the place were commodious and in excellent repair. In accordance with his character as a man, he practically exemplified his faith by accepting some thirty or more persons into his dwelling, where by his benevolence and hospitality *they enjoyed a home, with the privilege of working on the place, and in this way, earned their living. For all the improvement which they made, he liberally compensated them. Henry was an example of prudence and frugality and very industrious with his hands when not directly engaged in spiritual labors. In this last calling, however, he was an efficient worker and as a minister, highly esteemed by the people. Frequently when visiting the departments of the Brethren and seeing them busily employed, he would say, 'Happy are they that have employment.' He knew that the idle would be tempted to wrong, and that suitable employment was for the health and comfort of both body and mind. Father James Whittaker informed Henry that it was the gift for him to give his attention more directly to the spiritual interests and to devote himself to be a minister of the gospel, and from this date he was chosen to be one of the traveling Ministry. It was a great cross for him to leave the management of the farm, in which he had taken so much 220 THE MANIFESTO. satisfaction, and his first impression was, 'I cannot do it.' Father James then informed Henry that there were but two ways. 'One way is for you to delve with your hands as you have done and lose your union with the body of Believers, and the other is to leave your farm and all its enjoyable surroundings and become a preacher of the Gospel and be saved.' Henry accepted the gift; gave his life to the work and was blessed of God' in his ministerial labors. From this time he devoted himself to the preaching of the word wherever he was called. His zeal and exemplary devotion were very influential among those who had accepted the testimony of a united inheritance. Henry was not considered eloquent, in the common acceptation of the term, but he abounded with that spiritual pathos which seldom failed to meet the state of his hearers. He would quite frequently remark, 'Innocence is our best defence.' The divine spirit which he was blessed to receive, in connection with his own unwavering integrity as a natural man, made him a very powerful preacher. In his testimony against that which was wrong he spoke without fear, favor or affection. He was inflexible in maintaining a separation between Believers and the World, in all respects. In one of his public testimonies while referring to those who neglected their sacred trust and slighted the call of God, he said, 'If you lose your birth-right through unbelief you can never have another day. Other souls will be called in to take your place. They will come from the East, and from the West, from the North and from the South, and sit down with. Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, in the Kingdom of God, and the children of the Kingdom will be cast out. Reprobate silver will men call them. They will wander in darkness and find no rest; for the heavens over their heads will be as brass, and the earth under their feet as iron. Their judgment will remain.' His whole soul seemed to be filled with abhorrence to 'the unfruitful works of darkness,' and this zeal for the cause continued throughout his whole life. (TO BE CONTINUED.)