We are aware that the subject... We are aware that the subjects which particularly concern our religious and communistic life are not so fully comprehended as they should be by persons not of our order and this is not at all strange. Indeed it would be thought ,hardly possible for those absorbed in interests so opposite to understand fully the reason for maintaining such a religious system. We denominate ourselves Christians ; Believers in the spirit and testimony of Jesus Christ. He always placed the children of this world and the children of his kingdom in antagonism. One were the children of the flesh, the others children of the spirit, one holding and sustaining all the relations of the Adamic order, the others at variance with that relation which has its foundation in the sins of concupicence. The Shaker order, is .strictly a religious order, and it might not, as a general thing, prove a congenial home to those who simply wish to retire from the worries and disappointments of the world. There would be quite a difference between entering the Society on this basis and entering it as is our custom to teach: 'To come.out from the world and be separate.' To make an honest confession of all sin, to God, Irefore an appointed witness. To consecrate all our time and talents to the temporal and spiritual interests of the family in which we reside. If we accept this testimony of Christ, we shall become crucified to the world, subjects of the spiritual resurrection, and messengers, or if preferable, angels of God. Dunlavy writes,—-'We will introduce a passage of scripture which draws the line of distinction and shows to what class marriage belongs.- 'The children of this world marry and are given in marriage : but they which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world, and the resurrection from the dead, neither marry nor are given in marriage. Neither can they die any more; for they are equal unto the angels, and are the children of God, being the children of the resurrection.' Luke, xx., 34, 36. Now the children of this world are not the children of God, nor followers of Christ, as he said, 'They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.' Those, therefore, who marry and are given in marriage, are not the children of God, nor followers of Christ. It is not to be denied, that all the true followers of Christ are, and shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world and the resurrection from the dead. But those accounted worthy, neither marry nor are given in marriage; therefore, noue of the true followers of Christ marrv or are given in marriage.' We do not think that a secluded life is necessarily a 'holy' life. Indeed, we think that the Christian must lead an active, aggressive warfare against the undisciplined elements of the world and one of the strongest powers with which to contend, is the selfishness of the human heart. Those who entertain the idea that a communistic life is a secluded life, after the manner of the monks, nuns or ascetics generally, must be very imperfectly informed. The general outline of our order of life runs very closely by the side of that which governs most families. We are engaged at home or abroad, in secular or religious duties as the occasion may demand, and regret that we are net able to do more for the advancement of mankind in all that serves to make men better in this world, and better able to establish the principles of righteousness in the heart which shall give a more glorious hope oi immortal life. Henry C. Blinn.