My Dear Friend and Brother; In compliance with your repeated... Sturgis Mich., July 18, 1883 Elder Mabee—My Dear Friend and Brother; In compliance with your repeated invitation to express an opinion on your 'peculiar institution' I shall say, that I cannot but respect all who, from conscientious motives, devote their lives to what they esteem the practice of virtue and self-denial. When one is weary of the world's strife and vain-glory and desires to retire from its worries and disappointments, I do not think there is, or perhaps can be, a better institution, to unite with, than a judiciously conducted 'Shaker Community,' but never theless, as I am not a member of a 'Mutual Admiration Society' but in the habit of expressing my opinions unrestrained by a desire to please, and seek the elucidation of truth in preference to imparting self complacency. I trust you will excuse me if I write candidly; but do not, I request, suppose for a moment, that I do not entertain for you and yours the highest respect and esteem. 1st. I cannot see why your order should claim that you are leading a 'purer' life than those who marry. To me every natural act is pure and all the members of our bodies equally honorable. I presume you do not object to the pleasures of the table, the pleasures of sleep, of contemplation, of hope, of memory, of friendship then why object to the pleasures of matrimony? 'To enjoy is to obey' in my opinion. Society, for its own well being, has in this matter established certain regulations, this is right! but had society emasculated, so to speak, any of its members, by depriving them of any of their natural rights or privileges it would not be right. Again, I do not think that a secluded life is necessarily a 'holy' life. To me it would seem more 'holy' to enter boldly and actively into the battle against selfishness and wrong. My dear brother I would rather be an 'Angel of Power' in the future than an 'Angel of Innocence,' I think they stand higher in the 'Great Beyond' and I can gain increased power, only, by the exercise of that degree of strength which I possess. I hope you will excuse :ne for speaking plainly, I am in the habit of doing so, and that you will ever regard me as your sincere friend, Thomas Harding