LIFE IN THE WOODS, NO. 6. GRANVILLE T. SPROAT. We took our canoe, and crossed the Mississippi river. A party of Sioux warriors saw us from a hill, and, with one accord, came rushing down to the river, armed with tomahawks. They descried my O-jib-way. I placed Ma-gwah-gah-bo in the stern of the canoe, while I took the prow, determined that they should pass over my dead body before reaching that of my guide. 'Where is your chief,' I asked, with what little of the language I could command, as we reached the shore, 'Yonder, in his wigwam on the hill,' they replied. 'Send him tome,' I said. Presently I saw him coming down the hill, surrounded by his twelve body-guards. He approached. 'I have come,' I said. 'Take care of me, and take care of my guide!' pointing to Ma-gwah-gah-bo. 'I will!' he replied, at the same time ordering his body-guards to surround us, and march with us up to his wigwam. Ma-gwah-gah-bo took his seat in the farther corner of the wigwam. I was there seven days, vaccinating. During the seven days Ma-gwah-gah-bo kept his seat in the corner of the wigwam, and never left it, for fear of these treacherous Sioux. After my work was finished, I said to the chief, 'My work is done. I will return again to the O-jib-ways.' 'Very well,' said he, 'My warriors shall guard you to the river and half way across,'' (they consider the middle of the river the dividing line between the two countries,) 'and I have commanded that not one of them shall follow you any farther, *Os-kin-je-gon, you are safe!' So we bade adieu to the old chief, who made me a present of a buffalo robe, curiously painted with the twelve great battle scenes of his life, and we departed for the river to our canoes, the twelve body-guards accompanying us, also in canoes, half way across the river. Then, both parties gave each other three cheers, and we parted, one for the Sioux, the other for the O-jib-way shore. As we reached the shore, my old guide *Silver Eyes. A name given to the writer on account of Ms wearing spectacles. threw himself upon the ground. 'There,' said he, 'I breathe once more! I have not breathed before for seven days ! I was a pale face for seven days !' Big Buffalo, the O-jib-way chief, came to visit me that night. He saw the buffalo robe, a present from the Sioux chief, lying in one corner of the wigwam. He kept his eye upon it He knew it to be from the Sioux counT try by its style of workmanship. He was in conversation, but suddenly stopped. 'How many strings of wampum must I give you for that buffalo robe?' he asked, earnestly. 'That buffalo robe was a present from the Sioux chief,' I replied. 'I cannot sell it.' This I said, for I knew that an O-jib-way cannot sell what is given him. It is contrary to the Indian custom. He sat for a long time in silence. At last he spoke, with an earnestness which amounted almost to furor. 'How many beaver skins must I give you for that buffalo robe?' I saw that the buffalo robe must go. 'That buffalo robe was a present from the Sioux chief,' I replied, 'I cannot sell it, but I can give it to you. Here it is, take it.' He called to a young man standing just outside the door. liJIou! Ish-ko-daT (Fire! Make a fire !) The young man kindled a fire just before the door. Hou! Wa-be-non! wa-be-non!' (Throw it on the fire !) said he. He threw it on the fire, and burned it up. It was not long after this that I started in company with about one hundred and sixty O-jib-ways to visit Lake Superior who were to receive payment from our government for the sale of their lands. We were traveling in canoes, on the St. Croix river, which flows into the Upper Mississippi. We were at least one hundred miles from the Sioux country, and did not suppose that there was one of them within that distance. We drew up our canoes, at night, on the shores of the river, to make our encampment, threw up our wigwams of birch bark, which we carried with us, very hastily, (I had my own close by the river,) and laid down to rest. About four o'clock in the morning, just as the day was breaking, I heard the sound of the Sioux war whoop ringing all through the camp, and close by my door. I knew it, for I had heard it once before, and it is a sound 238 THE MANIFESTO. that when once heard can never be forgotten. I started from my couch, and that instant, a bullet came and penetrated the mat where my head had lain. I rushed for the door and raised the curtain, when I saw the arm of a Sioux warrior, with a tomahawk lifted directly over it, to take me as I passed. I sprang back, and broke my way through the side covering of the wigwam. My canoe was there, I seized it, and gave one shove for the river. I had reached it, and was just putting from the shore, when a Sioux warrior seized the prow of the canoe, with his left hand, and, with the other, lifted his tomahawk to take me down. He seemed to loom up, like a giant, right over me. I cried out at the top of my voice, uKech-e Mo-ke-mon!' (I am an American.) His tomahawk dropped. He looked at me very earnestly. The light was just dawning. uKa-get! Kech-e Mo-kemon!' he exclaimed. (Truly you are an American.) and let go the prow of the canoe. I floated down the river. It was a terrible massacre. Out of one hundred and sixty Ojib-ways, only twenty escaped. They killed them, and set their dead bodies up against the trees by the river shore, and, afterwards, their friends went out and buried them. My old guide remained unharmed. He had been aroused from his sleep by the same wild war cry which had aroused me, and had struggled fearfully for his life, against four armed warriors. At length he wrenched the tomahawk from one of them, brained him on the spot, and fought his way through the others to the river. There I found him, far down the stream, concealed by bushes, and took him into my canoe, covered with dust and blood. And this was the most perilous, as well as the most fearful of all the dangers that I encountered, while sojourning among the Indians of the North West. —The End.— Canaan, N. Y.