SHAKERS AS FARMERS A Visit to the North Family, at Mt. Lebanon On invitation of Elder F. W. Evans, of the North Family of Shakers, we visited that community recently, to note what was interesting from an agricultural point of view. So many times have the religious and social aspects of Shakerism been written upon, that anything we could say would be but a repetition of what has already been better said, hence we confined our notes strictly to what was either directly or indirectly connected with the farming interest. We met with a most cordial welcome from our genial friend, Elder Evans, the leading mind and chief head of the Shaker community in this country, or in fact of any country where Shakerism has been established. Busy as he always is, either with hand or brain, he yet found time to show us about the place, and call our attention to what would be of interest for us to relate. Directing our steps to the great stone barn, the Elder first called our attention to the three huge silos, that have just been completed. But first a word as to the barn itself. This was built several years ago, of stone, five stories in height, 196 feet in length, by 50 in width. Its cost was about $20,000. Below are the long lines of cattle stalls, and on either side on the floor above, bays run from the second to the third story upon which the loaded wagons are driven from the elevated ground in the rear. From this floor the hay, or other crops, can be pitched directly into the deep bays. On either side of the broad entrance door, are situated the silos above mentioned. The one on the right is 15 x 15 feet, and 37 feet high, and the two on the left are of the same height, but each is only 7 x 15 feet in the other dimensions, thus making two narrow silos, separated by a cement and stone wall. These two were built of Portland cement, used in about the proportion of one to five, cement and gravel, and cost about $300, the large one opposite being of Rosendale cement, and costing about $200. Openings about four feet by six are made on the first and second floors through which the ensilage will be taken out, when fed. The clover and corn which they propose to put in, will be cut by an ensilage cutter, and carried by elevator in at the top of the silo. On a scaffold between the silos, a strong platform is being made, upon which barrels of sand will be placed, which will be used as a weight when the silos are filled. 'What is your opinion,' we asked, 'as to the value of ensilage as fodder?' 'We should not judge as to the value of this fcdder from the mere fact that cattle eat it well. I look upon this as an abnormal appetite which cattle form, quite similar to that which a person forms for tobacco, for instance, and it does not follow that the value of the fodder is in porportion to the avidity 234 THE MANIFESTO. with which cows eat it. This musi; he judged by the condition of the stock in spring, after having been fed on it through the winter, by the quantity and quality of the milk, etc. Some claim that ensilage is a better fodder and more nutritious than was the original corn or clover, but we should be satisfied with' it if it is as good. A chemical change may take place, and the fodder be improved thereby, but just to what extent such change is desirable, is not quite apparent. When we have six months winter, and when we can keep three or four times the number of cattle that we could on pasture and hay alone, it is certainly worth trying. I consider it an excellent thing for stock, in spring; they will do well on it; but if it is fermented, it should be fed alternately with hay, or, if in summer, with pasture. But as to its value taken all together, there is little doubt.' The Shakers take a pardonable pride in their fine cattle. The North Family now have about 100 head altogether, mostly a c ross between the Holsteins and native stock. Besides these they have several fine, pure-bred Holsteins, and also grade Durhams, Ayrshires and Jerseys. 'You seem to prefer the Holsteins, and why?' we inquired. 'Because they combine the good qualities of various breeds. Their milk is rich enough; they give a good quantity; they are docile; possess great vitality; make good beef, and the oxen are strong, sturdy workers. TYe were fortunate in having good stock to cross upon, and we now have as good a herd of cattle as one could wish for. We have 33 cows from which we manufacture about 130 pounds of butter per week, at present.' The creamery where the butter is made is a model of neatness, and being in charge of an experienced dairy woman—one of the sisters—there is no wonder good butter can be made. 'We believe,' said our host, 'that in order to make butter that shall be free from every taint, we must begin with the cowbarns. These are perfectly ventilated, so that even when doors and windows are closed in winter, there is sufficient ventilation to conduct away all offensive odors, which are so liable to taint the milk. Not onlv are our stables well cleaned, but they are perfectly ventilated.' The milk is set in 20-inch cans in the creamery tanks, and the best appliances for churning and working the butter are used. One important consideration for every farmer has been met by the North Family, in providing an adequate supply of water for the stock. They have recently built a large reservoir on the hill above their buildings, and from this the water is conducted through iron pipes to the horse and cattle barns, the poultry-yard, and wherever pure running water is needed. Also, they provide motive power for running their barn machinery, their grain mill and laundry machinery, having a pressure of 65 pounds to the inch. Hydrants are built with which hose can be connected in case of fire, and each and every room in the dwellings can be flooded at short notice. Any poultry fancier -would be pleased to visit the spacious poultry yards, where now about 600 fowls are kept. 'Poultry keeping pays,' said Elder Frederic, and from the care given the poultry, and the accommodations they here have, we were not prepared to dispute the point. One brother has sole charge of the poultry-yard, and finds quite enough to do. Pure running water for the fowls is an essential to success, and this they have in abundance. Last winter eggs brought 35 cents a dozen, and we saw at once why there was money in the business. Speaking of each department of farming as having some one in charge of it the Elder said: ' Yes, that is advantageous. Each man does the work he likes best, hence it is well done.' The kitchen garden was quite worth visiting. The brother in charge was hoeing the tomatoes, and was suddenly made aware of our presence by the Elder's saying, 'Peter don't touch those tomato plants when they are wet; they will wither very quickly;' so Peter touched them not, and we in our ignorance learned something about tomato culture. In the garden everything in the vegetable line necessary for the large family of seventy is cultivated, and besides there was a fine display of blackberry bushes, quince trees—the largest we had ever seen—and almost everything to tickle the palate and please the taste. The Shakers being quite strict vegetarians, THE MANIFESTO. 235 find here much that supplies their tables with daily food. But space will not permit us to go farther into detail. In conclusion we may remark that the Shakers raise the various cereals, grasses, potatoes, in fact all farm crops in large quantities, though much of their land is stony and mountainous. The benefits which accrue from their farming are shared in common, and they are, as Elder Evans remarked, 'nothing hut a large family.' Industry is practical not theoretical with them ; they have no room for idlers and all are busy. They use the latest and most improved machinery, and their farm lands give evidence that progressive farming is thoroughly believed in, and advanced farm methods are practiced. Could our farms in general be tilled with the care they use and with like industry, the products therefrom would aggregate much more , and labor would be better remunerated. That we may not seem ungrateful, we wish to say that our entertainment at the dinner hour was most sumptuous, and was most heartily appreciated, and we are under many obligations to our host—Elder Evans, for favors extended. Chatham Courier