THE RELIGIOUS STATUS OF HUMANITY. GILES B. AVERY. In all human progress, except religion, men are reaching to the extreme limits of human capacity, for the acme of perfection ; the farmer how to raise the greatest amount of the best material food, with the least labor, on the smallest quantity of land. The floriculturist the most abundant leaflets, and gorgeously glowing colors with the g:eatest variety and beauty of development; the mechanic seeks the most simple device to accomplish the greatest power with the least expenditure of force, and the most direct adaptability of means to the ends desired. The philosopher searches for the foundation principles of forces, and new sources of wealth and weal for humanity. The scientist searches for the laws which govern the appropriate operations of organizing and disorganizing materials and directing forces. But, in religion there is widely extant an organized effort to evade the force of law and order ; to reverse the action of causes and consequences, and to affect faith in abnormal productious. Arraigned at the bar of a civil tribunal there are probably few men to be found, who, acting as jurors, would pronounce in favor of punishing the acknowledged innocent and good, for the sins of the absolutely wicked and evil. But, in religious professional belief men, in multitudes may be found who, while pretending to have faith in a good, just, righteous, loving and merciful God, yet feign to believe that it is His Divine will and purpose that His innocent Son Jesus Christ, should suffer physical death ; to appease the wrath of God against the sinners who should acknowledge the gift and mission of His Son. If reasonable and reasoning men, in their inward understandings believed in this theological notion, in all sincerity, would they build state prisons, gallows, execution blocks? Or would they organize and equip armies for battle to settle difficulties which Jesus' merits would cancel? Would they institute courts of | justice, and enact laws for the punishment of offenders for whom that Jesus' sufferings had already paid the penalty before God ? In no wise ! All would depend on the atoning blood of Jesus for redress of wrongs ! But. be not deceived ! 'God is not mocked,' 'Whatsoever a man soweth that shall he also reap.' Neither the physical blood of Jesus nor his righteousness, though in the imagij nation of the worshipers at the shrine of human creeds, Jesus be exalted to the throne of the Eternal, can ever make one sinner's robe white without that sinner's own confession, repentance, and conformity to the life that Jesus lived. True religion's work is sot merely to adopt a faith in some mysterious theological dogmas, to subscribe to some creed of human formation ; it is to soften the obdurate heart; for revenge to institute pity, charity and forgiveness, like our Heavenly Father and Mother, to bestow our love on those who love not us ; to do good to all, even the evil, and unthankful ; to subdue the stubborn will, and bend all its energies to the service of God; to cleanse and purify the heart and make it a fit temple for the indwelling of the Holy Spirit, to bring harmony where discord reigns ; to make the Earth an Eden, and Eden the Kingdom of Heaven; to institute 'bounty for ashes ; the oil of joy for the spirit of 224 THE MANIFESTO. heaviness' so that the soul may sing, 'I thank thee, Father, that I live, Though wailings fill this heart of mine ; To labor for thy suffering ones, is joy Divine.' But, in the popular theological way of thinking and reasoning, termed religion, there is a very little free thought, it is mostly creed bound ; and there is less free soul emotion that finds expression in practical life experiences ; sectarianism trammels almost all; partisan policy cloaks error, varnishes the sinner, and puts a lullaby on the conscience, and, because of the lack of faith in,,the eternal and conscious existence of man, or, believing that death makes a saint of a sinner, to the masses of mankind this world has more influence than the world to come. Multitudes have yet to learn that moral and spiritual laws are as real and true to cause and effect as the material. But, thinking to avoid superstition, millions are, at present, plunging into the vortex of atheism ! This phase of human experience, future and near developments of life will correct. The human state of progress is on the balance beam of the scales of experience, and htr education will prove that truth will outweigh at last, and faith in a God whose realm of law is righteousness, goodness, purity, and love, will at length be found the safe school of ethics. Who would jump a precipice, ignoring the laws of gravitation after witnessing a few people try it? So, jumping the precipice of sinful pleasure is purchased at the expense of life itself! It was the vices of the Roman Empire that produced its desolation. Thus the vices of the individual consummate ! And, sinful pleasures, so called, are, at length, torturing pains, and should ever thus be pronounced. But, virtuous life is the source of durable pleasures. The age we live in is an epoch of social and religious transition. Change, and a desire for change, permeates society from circumference to centre ; this is of two kinds, one reaching heavenward,— seeking the development of spiritual life, the other, earthward tending to make of man a mere worm. Religious reasons for being and doing good are called 'old and time worn' and, with multitudes they are being derided and rejected. This change is ominous of ruin ; for, when faith in virtue, and confidence in God, and His laws of truth and Heaven are lost, what is there left for human salvation ? All is blank and desolation ! 'If the motives prompting to morals and religion are lost, men will cease to be moral and religious.' What have been these motives ? Fear of Hell and love of Heaven ! Now some fickle shallow mind, or lover of sin tells us that one 'Ingersoll' 'has knocked the bottom out of hell, and there is, therefore, no more sorrow for sin.' If so, then he has, at the same time, taken top, bottom and sides away from Heaven, and left it to be blown away by the winds of sinful passions, like the chaff of the summer threshing floor. But these sophists will yet learn that both hell and heaven, are, to each soul, the production of that soul's own life deeds, consequently beyond the pale and dominion of Ingersoll's wand of power. It is sorrowfully true that multitudes are now throwing off both morals and religion, and lacking a knowledge of their own standing in the scale of virtue and worth in society, and remind one of a narrative of a Colporteur traveling in Illinois who called on a matron in an THE MANIFESTO. 225 out of the way location inquiring if the family had any bible? 'Of course we have' said she, ''Why ! do you take us to be haathen because we live away out m this new country.' Would she please let the visitor see her bible? 'Certainly' But, after searching a long time she finally produced one cover, and a few scattered leaves, and said to the stranger, 'Really I did not know we were so near out.' Even so the masses of these scoffers at morals and religion know not they are so near out of a vii tuous character and good standing in society. They lustily declaim against so called Christian priests and people, declare these all to be on the brink of one common ruin, and prate as though their own role of life was the desirable path of reform. That there is error, and even iniquity to be found in the ranks of the priesthood, and the ranks of church-going professors of Christianity, is sadly too true. But this is no reason why morals, true religion, and the proper functions of either the priestly offices or lay church membership of genuine Christianity should be abandoned, and infidelity and immoral and irreligious latitudinarianism should be substituted there for. There is a sneer upon religion, the credulity of faith in God, in prayer, in spirituality, in soul existence, soul life and food, as though these were only the ephemeral creations of imbecile minds, and, by these, only to be thought of while their votaries were sailing on the crest of inspiration's wave of enthusiasm ! But, an every day travel on the even highway of practical Christian life will convince the intelligent portion of humanity that more and better brain is used by the consecrated moral and religious devotee, who sincerely and truly lives to his best light, than was ever even dreamed of in the infidel sophistry. This savors of Paganism which presents only inherent weakness, and a cheerless prospect, not recognizing, or, at most, doubtfully admitting a future life ; limiting the hopes and destinies of man to this world ; teaching that temporal prosperity may be safely gained at any cost; and looking to suicide as the relief of the brave from misfortune ! But, thank God for His revelations. There are those who can in truth declare that the baptismal Christ (not Jesus,) has now come the second time, to some souls. What for? To make an utter end of sin and bring in everlasting righteousness, to unwind the error tangled skein of human conditions, and form, on earth, a heavenly pattern of society. To cast in the sickle of truth 'and reap the clusters of the vine of the earth'—gather the natural families of this world, and garner them into the one family 01 Christ; to make the sin-sick, world worn and weary, his guests. The Kingdoms of this world, and the kingdoms of mere pseudo Christianity grow by natural generation and the spoils of unjust gains ; but Christ's true kingdom grows by regeneration, virgin purity, the harvest of the world, consecrated services and treasures to the redemption of humanity from sin and selfishness. In Christ's kingdom the interests of every true heir is merged into and swallowed up of the interests of the Kingdom, temporally and spiritually. But all persons who feed, at the tables of Christ's kingdom temporally and spiritually, but still hold their own selfish gains and earthly unconsecrated treasures are not true heirs of Christ's kingdom as sons and daughters of the household of faith ; 226 THE MANIFESTO. they are simply sojouniers.—boarders at its Inn. Selfishness is the bane of human society ; it induces the murderer to slay his victim, either for earthly pelf, sensual pleasure, or the love of revenge. Applied to nations as to individuals as witnessed in ancient Rome, it never allowed man to be considered as a living, thinking, rational being, but simply as a thing ! Rome's course to greatness was pursued utterly regardless of human suffering ; she had no conception of the equal rights of men. But, universal Christian equality, means universal benevolence, and the upbuilding of that Kingdom seen in vision by the Prophet Daniel, which, ''in the days of these kings the God of Heaven should set up that kingdom which should never have an end I' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.