NOTES If all should become Shakers, what then ? If—and that diminutive word admits of a world of doubt. It is surprising upon how small a pivot some of the greatest works in this world will turn. It may not be for us to determine the interest that should be manifested in the religious orders, but we may with all propriety be workers for good in the cause of humanity. Other questions might be raised with equal propriety, as the above, and yet they would vanish like the morning mist. No one would give them a second thought. If all persons should insist upon following one occupation, what should we do? and we might add. If the whole world wanted to live on the Sandwich Islands, what would they do? and these questions are about as momentous as the first. Mankind, as a whole, care but very little what becomes of the world if it can be made to subserve their selfish end. God's laws are as carelessly thrown aside as a penny whistle, when they come to enforce a disciplinary order of life, and the sins of indulgence of one generation are wickedly thrown upon another generation. When Jesus made reference to the spirit of his gospel work, to the cross that must be borne, to the separation from the world which his disciples must make, to the peaceable lives which they must live and to the exceeding righteousness which was in harmony with his Kingdom, he very considerately added this remark. 'It is not given to all men to receive these sayings.' The voluntary crucifixion of one's own life was a work which demanded a deep spiritual consecration. It was far more than the mere profession in which the Prophet says, 'This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoreth me with their lips ; but their heart is far from me.' Jesus so well understood this fact that he was able to speak of it without reserve, and yet he most affectionately invites all who are weary of sin and heavy laden with the cares of this world to become disciples of the gospel work. While the family of man are privileged to dwell upon this earth, there will, without doubt, be a graduated scale of mind. The earthly have, and in all probability will predominate. Generation after generation moves along on the same highway wholly satisfied with the present as was the preacher,—because a man hath no better thing under the sun than to eat, and to drink and to be merry. Below these are the sensual. Their baneful influence has its effect, and is too well understood to need any illustration ; but there is a class whose lives we may emulate with a good conscience. Those who hunger and thirst after righteousness,—those who are peacemakers, and those who are pure in heart. Paul says that God will have all men to be saved and to come to the knowledge of the truth. It is this word of truth and righteousness that has awakened in the hearts of many an inspiration which glories in the cross of Christ. The name by which this class may ba mown among the children of this world, is of the least consequence. If they ac- THE MANIFESTO. 233 cept those principles which Jesus taught, peace, purity and righteousness, it will carry them into that order that neither marry nor are given in marriage, making them as he predicted, those upon whom the end of this world has come.