Books and Papers The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health. Sept. Contents : An Illinois Pioneer and his Associates; This is an illustrated article of a very interesting character by Alice D. Shipman; In this honored company we find Abraham Lincoln, James Shields, Stephen A. Douglas, Joshua F. Speed and Judge J. Gillespie; A chapter on the Character of horses; After thoroughly studying this article the reader can have the pleasure ef selecting the horse that is most agreeable to his own mind; The Editor has told us a wonderful story about this idolized and much abused animal; Read it. The true basis for the science of Mind; The Parliament of the Faculties; Political Economy; The Kepples Head; Whims of celebrated Men, are so very much like the whims of men who are not celebrated that this article will be read with much interest; Women's Rights, is excellent, and if the Rev. W. K. Darwood's sermon was equally as geod throughout, it is a sad pity that the whole was not printed; Comus. by John Milton; The Blues; Notes; Editorial Items; etc. etc. Fowler &amp; Wells, Pub. 753 Broadway, N. Y. $2. a year. Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Journal of Heai/th. Sept. Contents; Warnings; Neuralgia; Rheumatism; The Princis Escape; Treatment of Goitre; Quinine in the Treatment of Whooping Cough; The Home Doctor; How a Man Walks; St. Vitus' Dance; Food Adulteration; etc. etc. E. H. Gibbs, A. M., M. D. Editor, 21 Clinton Place, 8th. St. N. Y. $1. a year. The Herald of Health The Herald of Health. Sept. Contents: The Salts of our Food; A Glance at Europe; The Habits of George Bancroft; In the Rain; Decay of New England Stock; An incident in Sea Life; Studies in Hygiene for Women, etc., etc. M. L. Holbrook, M. D. Pub. 13 &amp; 15 Laight St. N. Y. $1. a year. CYCLOPEDIA OF SCIENCE The publication of the World's Cyclopedia of Science is an event of remarkable interest to many. For the first time, it brings the scholarly productions of the masters in modern science within the reach of students and all readers who most need, and most highly appreciate, their work. The plan of the Cyclopedia differs from any previously published, in that, instead of being a mere alphabetical list of briefly treated topics, including a mass of unimportant subjects, it will include, complete, the most important works of leading scientific writers upon subjects of the highest value and interest. Each volume will be complete in itself. Volume one, just issued, a large 'model octavo' of nearly 700 pages is sold at the price of$1.50 for the cloth, and $1 75 for the half Russia binding, and contains what has heretofore appeared in numerous volumes obtainable only at many times the cost; the works of such authors as T. H. Huxley, R. A. Proctor, Herbert Spencer, Andrew Wilson, R. C. Trench, Alexander Bain, George Rawlinson, and others. This volume will be followed soon by volumes two and three, the contents of which are said to be of even greater popular interest and scientific value than the present. It is almott superfluous to name the publisher of this grand contribution to the intellectual progress of the masses, for who else would furni=h so .nuch that is excellent for so little cost as John B. Alden, New York? For sale by booksellers and club agents.