READ and UNDERSTAND. ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE. As we trace the lines of the 'pen of the ready writers' especially if they are intelligent and liberal, we try to understand their language, to define the thoughts expressed, and if worthy to claim our attention, to enter into rapport, in a limited degree—and see if we cannot add to our cumulated knowledge already attained, something that will be useful and make us wiser and better, whether it be in reference to material things pertaining to the earth life, or the spiritual, bearing upon and pointing toward the life in the great beyond, the boundless future. The revelation of true thoughts and ideas transmitted to others,—'emptied from vessel to vessel,' is beneficial to the giver and the receiver; it prevents stagnation, and promotes growth and increase in knowledge, goodness and virtue. In all that we do, and say, we should not only strive to enhance our own happiness, but lend our best talents, and put forth our strongest energies as well, to benefit others ; thus eschew selt- THE MANIFESTO. 221 ish aims and purposes, which in a marked degree, is the bane of society. A proper digest of good substantial reading, strengthens the intellect, and gives mental vigor ; while light trashy literature, stimulates the passions, weakens the moral forces, instead of strengthening and elevating. What we need, is the real; and if the appetites are not perverted, that is what we shall desire and crave. Our delight will be to study the universality of God's Laws, as seen in the great book of Nature ; to read and understand how fixed and unchangeable they are, and with what precision they move from age to age. By the chart spread before us, which to the external senses, is real and tangible, we can trace the source from which we derive knowledge, even the secret springs of life. And that as we reason Godward, we are led to the conclusion that the visible creation is an indicator of the invisible ; that there are thrones of justice and judgment, and fountains of wisdom and knowledge established in interior spheres from which we derive all true revelation, through mediatorial agencies,—and receive power to act. He holds the balances in his hands and will de:,l justly. Measure by measure, the Infinite makes known His will and purposes as mortals are prepared to receive. 'God is light,' the great Central light of all worlds. Mortals in unprogressed conditions could not bear the effulgent, piercing rays of light in great fullness to burst upon their sight at once, it would create blindness. Hence scintillations are emitted; from which our sight is strengthened, and we see more and more clearly the path of duty before us, as we journey on ; in the highway of progression ; and we become more convinced, as the vision expands, that the world which we now inhabit, and is so apparent to the outward senses, is symbolical of other worlds, to us invisible. That if in this probationary state of existence we take lessons and study them well, and grasp all the knowledge within our reach, we shall find after all, that we are imperfect in knowledge and have only learned as it were the first letters of the Alphabet. But the more true knowledge we gain of God as revealed in natural laws, the more convinced we shall be that there is no inharmony between the Natural and Spiritual, but are 'parts of one great whole ;' the one well preserved, and kept inviolate forms a basis for the other to rest upon. When children are young,—if well born and morally trained, they look to their parents and teachers for instruction, and from them take lessons, little by little as they can comprehend ; and that is the best method to develop and strengthen the intellect, enlarge the understanding, and promote growth. Reasoning from analogy, we judge that it may be the wisest for children ot larger growth to learn to rightly read and understand the book of Nature, and the laws stamped upon her pages, and learn through all the different ramifications of those laws, how to find and commune with the Creative Source and center of those statutes. The more we learn, the greater evidence we have that Infinite wisdom directs all, in the Natural and the Spiritual; that the same good God who framed the one, established the other; and seeing the end from the beginning, will perfect all in good time, if we co-operate with, work diligently, and wait patiently. 'Wisdom 222 THE MANIFESTO. is profitable to direct' and will be justified, of, and is the justifier of her children. Among the lo heres and lo theres in our own time when there are so many discordant voices and theories extant in our land, we say, that they who find the true God, and the true altar of sacrifice, and make their oblations there, and through spiritual faith place their offerings upon that altar, are sure to find a steady, gradual growth, into the divine and heavenly. It is our privilege to learn wisdom from the wise and unwise in every age and clime. Ancient Greek, Roman and Egyptian philosophers, were more or less imbued with wisdom and held many truths which are true today. They also imbibed errors ; and their mixed truth and error need fanning and sifting, that the false may be removed and the true retained, the same as with modern philosophers down to the present time. We have Simon Maguses in our own time who would enchant and bewilder. Epicures who would, and do derive their chief happiness through sensuous appetites and voluptuous living. In such we see little to admire, and much to condemn. From those like Pythagoras who first was a follower of Epicurus—sought pleasure through self-indulgence,—then through extreme abstinence, and finally found and chose the middle line, we learn many useful lessons. Amidst it all, we need to listen to the still small voice in our own conscious being and in deep soul communiugs find God, and feel the holy inspiration that quickens into life. This must be attained by living faith in Him and prayer which cannot find utterance in words ; but can only find expression by the deep gush ings forth from the well-springs of the heart. This is the holy of holies ; in this we find God, and rest in peace and love under the shadowing wings of the Cherubim. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.