Books and Papers Herald of Health Herald of Health. October. Contents : Family Registers; How can we escape Insanity ? How to make life worth living; Long hours and Health; Almost a Centenarian; The EdenicDiet; How to keep from drowning; Apples for food; Studies in Hygiene for Women; etc. etc. M. L. Holbrook, M. D. Publisher, 13&amp;15 Laight St. N. Y. $1,00 per. year. Elzevir library THE EJLJEJEVIH, Among the recent issues of this unique, and in respect to cheapness and beauty of form and typography, really remarkable publication, are the following : 'Aristotle,' by Sir Alexander Grant; 'Plato,' by C. W. Collins; 'Horace,' by Theodore Martin. These are in the famous and excellent 'Ancient Classics for English Headers' series, heretofore obtainable only at the price of $1.00 each, but now published in this handsome form for 15 cents each. 'The Indian Song of Songs,' by Edwin Arnold, author of 'The Light of Asia,' is published at 6 cents, the cheapest edition heretofore issued being $1.00. We also have the 'Life of Alex. H. Stephens,' by F. II. Norton, author of 'Life of Gen. Hancock,' and other works. It contains an excellent portrait, and a fine illustration of 'Liberty Hall,' Mr. Stephens' famous home. Though a copyright work, paying the usual royalty to the author, it is published at the astonishing price of 10 cents. The last issue is Schiller's celebrated 'Song of The Bell,' and 'Hero and Leander,' all for 2 cents. These publications are not sold by dealers generally, but only direct, by the publisher, John B. Alden, 18 Vesey St., N. Y., Phrenological Journal and Science of Health In the Phrenological Journal and Science op Health for October, the reader finds special attractions as striking facts of human science are interwoven with literary sketches and illustrated descriptions, and the whole is presented in a very entertaining style. On opening the Number a fine portrait of the late Montgomery Blair greets us, and an interesting digest of his character follows. Next we have a well-written discussion of the 'Relations of Phrenology to Modern Philosophy,' in which the criticisms of Professor Bain are sharply analysed. Next we read a beautifully illustrated description of the 'St. Gothard Railway.' Following that are 'Some Observations on Amativeness,' The unfortunate Capt. Webb receives an appeciative notice, and an instructive article on Ossian, the ancient Scottish poet, follows. Eleanor Kirk gives some items of good advice to the modern youth, who thinks keeping his bureau-drawers in neat condition is woman's work; and a Western journalist sends the result of an interview with a deaf, blind, and dumb woman, who is certainly a remarkable case of intuitive apprehension. There is also a portion of Milton's charming 'Comus,' with notes by the editor, and original illustrations. In the Health Department Dr. Allen discusses the 'Laws of Heredity,' and other writers who know of what they speak, give excellent advice on the 'Eft'ects of Alcohol;' 'The Food of the Brain and the Teeth;' How Warm Water Cools,' etc. The subscription price is $2.00 a year. Address Fowler &amp; Wells, Publishers, 753 Broadway New York. The Homiletic Monthly The Homiletic Monthly for October begins theeighth volume, and gives promise of decided improvement. Its new cover and broader margins, and delicate tint of paper, show it off to advantage, and its contents are fully up to its high standard of excellence. The foreign pulpit is represented by Dr. Parker, Rev. Stopford A. Brooke and Rev. C. II. Spurgeon; while Dr. J. M. Buckley, Dr. Buttz,. of Drew Seminary, Dr. Dobbs, Dr. Jeflry and. others, sustain the high character of the American pulpit. Dr. Ormiston's able 'Commentary on the Epistle of James;' Dr. Howard Crosb}''s 'Lighton Important Texts;' and Dr. Curry's'' Great Preachers Whom I Have Known,' are continued. 'The Minister's Study,' by Rev. W. T. Crafts, and 'Homiletic Spectacles,' by Dr. Holme, are suggestive. 'The Prayer-Meeting Service,' as usual, cannot fail to be helpful, while the numerous editorial departments are crowded witli matter full off pith, interest, and suggestive thought. The announcement of numerous papers on a great variety oi important subjects, by some of the most distinguished scholars and divines of America and of Europe, specially written for this work, must make the current volume by far the richest and most valuable of any that has proceeded it. $2.50 a year; 25 cents a single number. Funk &amp; Wagnalls, 1O and 12 Dey street, New York.