A VISION. NO. 1. I had solicited the attention of kind guardian spirits to watch over me and to assist me in all the walks through life. T now felt a heavenly baptism and found myself in the presence of her to whom I had directed my humble petition. I asked her name. She answered; Sarah-----and that she lived before the church was gathered in Niskeyuna. That it was her spirit duty to take charge of those who came to untimely deaths by carelessness. Would you like to accompany me? I said the privilege would give me great pleasure. She remarked, I have often heard you express a desire to sec L.-----your companion. Do you wish to see her now? I answered, Yea. She then took me by the hand and led me through an obscure passage, in and around which, everything looked sad. At last we came to a long, narrow house, painted red, which I should not have thought was calculated for any human beings to dwell in, but on entering the door, the first object which arrested my attention was L.-----sitting upon a footstool, her face being turned from me. She did not appear to mind anything about me until I spoke and said,— L.—is this you? She said very composedly,—-'It certainly is.' She was clothed in a dark colored dress. A white neckerchief, having a. red border was thrown over her shoulders. Her employment, at this time, was sewing strips of cloth together. I was surprised at the presentation before me and immediately asked,— What can be your object in being thus engaged? 'Alas!' said she, 'all these strips of cloth which you see around me are those which I wasted while dwelling in the body. They are now all presented clearly before me, and I must sew them together for my garment and wear it.' 248 THE MANIFESTO. Some of the strips were only half an inch wide. The arrangement inside of the building seemed much like the stalls in the market place. The building had a long, narrow hall running from one end of it to the other. On the right were places numbered from one up to thirty. Over the one of which I am speak ing was written in large letters, 'Selfishness.' S.—asked me to look around the apartment where L.—was and inform myself, particularly, in regard to the order of the place. In one corner I observed some crumbs of bread. They were left among the dust. A short distance from this place stood an earthen vessel with soap in it. On a shelf I sawpieces of bread and of cake. By the side of these were fragments of meat. On another shelf I saw some fruit and vegetables in a state of decay. I asked S.—What does all this mean? She said, it was as wrong to eat too much, as it wa3 not to eat enough. I have known persons to waste their food, when it was prepared, rather than to eat it. She then pointed to a dish in which were several varieties of food. Nothing, said she, should be thrown away which will serve as food for any creature. Under a shelf were large quantities of yarn broken into small pieces. By the side of these were pieces of thread, and fragments of garments. I asked S.—if all this belonged to L.— I think it did. 1 was made sick at the sight, and turned to trid her 'good bye' when she said,— 'The next time you come, you will not see me here. I must work diligently now, I did not profitably improve my time when I was upon earth.' I now left my sorrow-stricken companion. (To be continued.)