Letter Box Dear children, you cannot look after your... Enfield, Conn., 1883. Dear Children ;—You cannot look after your habits too carefully. You desire to be happy ; with bad habits you cannot enjoy real happiness. Every wrong habit is injurious, and produces evil results. Bad habits are strong, and continually lure their victims to pleasures, which satisfy not. 'The way of the transgressor is hard,' as well as foolish, while ^'Wisdom's ways are pleasant' and peaceful. Every act contributes its iota toward forming your characters, moulding the individual beings which you become. Day by day, you are sowing seed, from which must come the fruit of your after lives. Consequences are inevitable. W/iat you sow, you will reap. Sow only good seed. Destroy the weeds. 'Sow an act, and reap a habit; sow a habit, and reap a character; sow a character, and reap a destiny.' Conquer sinful habits, or they will conquer you. 'Array a bad habit in costly attire, it is a bad habit still.' Bad habits, in their beginnings, may soon be overcome ; but when grown into your very lives, they are difficult to subdue. Shun the beginning of evil, is golden advice to follow. You may form habits of kindness, or unkindness, honesty, or dishonesty, vice or virtue. Virtue's path is safe. Walk therein. Watch for the sinful habits, and uproot them before they get a firm hold. I want to say to every one that I find indulging in wrong habits, Beware ! You are sowing seed for a harvest of woe ! Your Brother, Daniel Orcutt. Dear Sister L; As Sister Asenath gave the... Shaker Village, N. June 13, 1883. Dear Sister L ;—As Sister Asenath gave the scholars the privilege to write to the sisters that we would like to talk with, so I thought I would write to you and tell you how I am getting along in school. I feel more interested this year than I did last summer. I study Physiology, Grammar, Arithmetic, Geography, Heading, Spelling, Writing, Drawing and Singing. I know a good deal in all these studies, I like Physiology the best. I know a little about many of the bones in the body. To show you what I know about the arm and hand I will tell you all the bones in them. There is one bone in the arm the name of it is Humerus; two in the fore-arm, Kadius and Ulna; eight in the wrist, nineteen in the hand, fourteen in the fingers, three in each finger, two in the thumb. This is all I have to say about my studies. Now I will tell you about the cherry tree by the East House. Sister Edith told me that the robins would eat all the cherries on our cherry tree so Lizzie and I planned to make a scare-crow and put it in the tree so as to keep the robins away so that we can have some cherries. I often have wished to thank you for taking care of me. With love I close, Blanche.