PROPHETIC DREAMS BY H. REYNOLDS, M. D Several instances are recorded in the Bible in which the future was made known by dreams, and the interpretation of dreams was sometimes an important part of the prophet's mission. Dreams in all ages have been believed in as affording indications of the future. In ancient Greece it was believed that dreams came from the great Jupiter, the king of gods. In ancient Egypt and Babylon, the interpretation of the monarch's dream was an important state office, and was intrusted to a college of wise men. In consulting the Greek and Roman oracles, it was common after performing sacred rites, to sleep in the temple, so that the information desired might be made known in dreams. Ancient philosophers wrote treatises upon the interpretation of dreams, as even Bacon seems to have believed that something might be learned from them. In modern times, however, very little 252 THE MANIFESTO. attention is given to dreams, and they are generally dismissed from the mind with only a passing thought. The popular saying, 'As idle as a dream,' well expresses the sentiment of people generally in regard to this kind of phenomenon. This popular estimate of the nature of dreams is undoubtedly a just one as regards dreams generally. Yet it is possible that there may be exceptions. Some dreams may have a meaning which it is important that the dreamer should interpret aright, and understand its import. The mind, sometimes, in sleep can do that which it failed to do when awake. A difficult mathematical problem which, during the working hours, had baffled all efforts for its solution, is sometimes solved with ease during sleep. Many events, experiences, and impressions which apparently had long been forgotten, and could not have been recalled in the waking state, may come back vividly to mind during sleep. The mind can accomplish some tasks during sleep which it could not accomplish during the waking hours. It is possible that the mind, during the sleep of part of its faculties, may receive at times foregleams of the future, which, rightly interpreted, may be of advantage to the dreamer. In ancient times, too much reliance was placed upon dreams. In these modern times it is possible that dreams are too indiscriminately thrust aside as belonging to the vagaries and fancies of the night. The venerable Ralph Waldo Emerson says of dreams : 'A skillful man reads his dreams for his selfknowledge, yet not the details, but the quality. What part does he play in them—a cheerful, manly part, or a poor, driveling part? However monstrous and grotesque their apparitions, they have a substantial truth. The same remark may be extended to the omens and coincidences which may have astonished us. Of all it is true that the reason of them is always latent in the individual. Goethe said: 'These whimsical pictures, inasmuch as they originate from us, may well have an analogy with our whole life and fate.' The soul contains in itself the event that shall presently befall it; for the event is only the actualization of its thought. It is no wonder that particular dreams and presentiments should fall out and be prophetic. The fallacy consists in selecting a few insignificant hints when all are inspired with the same sense. Every man goes through the world attended by innumerable facts, prefiguring (yes, distinctly announcing) his fate, if only eyes of sufficient heed and illumination were fastened on the sign-' Some very remarkable instances have occurred in which dreams have come to pass in the manner revealed to the dreamer. According to the London Mews, on the occasion of the terrible railroad accident from which Charles Dickens narrowly escaped with his life, there was in the same train a lady and gentleman just landed in England, after their return from India. Just before the accident, the lady said to her husband: 'I seethe great wave rolling; it is close to us;' and then the crash came, and she was killed. The husband was unhurt, and at a later time, explained the strange words of his wife. Ever since they set out from India, she had been haunted in sleep by the dream of a vast silvery wave, and always as it was about to break on her, she had wakened in terror. This was the wave she recognized immediately before the accident which caused her death. Prof. Hedge relates that 'when Andre, in a visit to friends in Derbyshire, before his embarkation for America, was introduced to a certain Mr. Cummington, that gentleman recognized in him the original of the countenance of a man whom he had seen in a dream, arrested in the midst of a forest, and afterwards hung on a gallows.' The subsequent death of Major Andre in the manner indicated in the dream was a remarkable point in its fulfillment. Prof. Hedge in commenting upon this dream and others in which the event took place as foreseen in the dream regards them as tending to show 'that the soul is essentially clairvoyant; when not impeded and overpowered by the action of the senses and the exigencies of the waking life, it seems to be taken up into unison with the universal spirit, to which there is no here nor there, no now nor then, and to have sight not only of what is, but of what has been, and what is to be.' During our long civil war, many instances occurred in which men were forewarned in dreams of their own death or that of their THE MANIFESTO. 253 comrades. A week previous to the battle of Fair Oaks, a New York volunteer dreamed that in just one week there was to be a great battle, in which he would he killed while charging across a field; that two sergeants of his acquaintance would be killed in the woods, one shot in the breast and the other in the groin, and that a large number of others would be killed. The soldier appeared so depressed in spirits the next day that his companions rallied him about being homesick, and he reluctantly told his dream. In just a week the battle took place, and the dreamer was killed in full sight of his regiment, and the two sergeants were killed, twenty minutes after, in the woods, one shot through the breast and the other in the groin, just as had been foretold in the dream. More than fifty men, it is said, were witnesses of the truth of this statement. The night before the cavalry fight at Brandy Station, a trooper who slept as he jogged along in the column, dreamed that a certain captain in his regiment would be unhorsed in a fight the next day, and while rising from his fall would be wounded in his left knee. He told the captain his dream, but was laughed at for his credulity. But in the very first charge the next day, the captain was unhorsed by the breaking of the girth, and he was pitched heels over head into a patch of briars. While he was struggling out his horse was killed by a shell, and a fragment mashed the captain's left knee so that he had to have it amputated. Three days before the engagement at Kelly's Ford, 'a corporal in the Sixth Michigan cavalry dreamed that a brother of his, who was a sergeant in another company, would have his horse killed in the action, and would almost immediately mount a dark bay horse with a white nose. Within five minutes both horse and rider would be killed by a shell. This dream was related to more than a score of comrades fully two days before the fight. Early in the action the sergeant's horse was struck square in the forehead by a bullet, and dropped dead in his tracks. It was scarcely three minutes before a white-nosed horse, carrying a bloodstained saddle, galloped up to the sergeant and halted. He remembered the dream, and refused to mount the animal, and soon after picked up a black horse- The white-nosed animal was mounted by a second corporal in another regiment, and horse and rider were torn to fragments by a shell in full sight of four companies of the Sixth.' In the last instance, apparently, the life of the sergeant was saved by heeding the admonition of the dream. The writer who narrated this and other similar instances, adds, that 'there was a time when a soldier's dream saved Gen. Kilpatrick's life: when a dream changed Ouster's plans for three days ; when a dream prevented Gen. Talbert's camp from a surprise and capture ; and when a dream gave Gen. Sherman more accurate knowledge of Early's forces than all the scouts.' Numerous other instances of prophetic dreams might be narrated, but enough has been adduced to show that there is something worthy of considerate attention in some dreams, however trivial the greater part of them may be. The prophetic revelations made through dreams in ancient times are perhaps sometimes repeated in these modern times. [From the Phrenological Journal.]