GRACE AND KNOWLEDGE. FLOYD C. FIELD. 'But grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.' 2 Peter, iii; 18. There are two points brought to view in tin's passage; growth in grace, and a knowledge of Christ. Webster defines grace as follows :—'The exercise of love, kindness or good will; disposition to benefit or serve another; favor bestowed or privileges conferred.' Therefore, grace is a practical illustration of the teachings and life of Christ, and the exercise of grace or love should be the guiding star of all our actions and the foundation stone upon which we should build our thoughts, impulses and character, as the Apostle expresses it; 'being grounded and rooted in love.' Therefore we should grow in that spirit of love which characterizes the life of Jesus, and follow his example that the same pure love that manifests itself in him by action, word and deed might find a dwelling place in 254 THE MANIFESTO. our heart, thus following the advice of Peter by adding to faith, virtue; to virtue knowledge ; to knowledge, temperance; to temperance, patience; to patience, godliness; to godliness, brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness, charity: for if these things be in us and abound they shall make us that we be neither barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ.' Thus Christ by tthis pure love and grace, conquered the' evil propensities that had so long reigned supreme in the affections of man. Peter knowing Jesus, personally, and being one of the disciples and practicing the same pure principles, and looking around him and seeing man reveling in his lower nature, and utterly disregarding the teachings of Jesus, is it any wonder that he should exhort the brethren in this language, 'But grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ?' Every blessing and favor which we receive from the Divine Father, is a grace, and all favors we bestow on each other are graces whether by kind words, brave deeds or worthy acts. It was by grace, that the noble founders of our grand Institution toiled, labored and gave their all, that the future generations might enjoy the fruits of their labor; it is by grace that the doors are open to all who desire to live the life of Christ, and they can come and partake of the waters of life freely, and reap the reward and blessings that are given to those who live a life of self-denial, and receive heavenly grace that flows from the great fountain of light. A knowledge of Christ is as truly a requisite as grace. To know Christ is not simply to know him historically, but experimentally and practically. First, look at his sacrifices. He sacrificed wealth, honor, home and friends and entered life with nothing but the true principles of manhood, having not even where to lay his head. Look at the kindness he manifested in all his actions. In all the record we have of his life we find no human heart made sad by unkind words or ungenerous acts, but that his loving tender mercy gave joy to even the thief upon the cross Look at his power to resist temptation, for when the evil one offered him the whole world he preferred the integrity and purity of his holy, beautiful life. Nothing is • too great, good, or precious to give for the Pearl of great price. As Paul says, 'Yea doubtless, and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord: for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, that I may win Christ.' And also we should know him by his sufferings and the power of the resurrection. As Paul says, 'That I may know him, and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his sufferings' also, 'I am crucified with Christ, nevertheless I live; yet not I but Christ liveth in me.' No one can have a true knowledge of Christ without having his spirit, living his life and dying as he died to sin. Paul says to the Romans 'For in that he died, he died unto sin once; but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God ' May all, indeed, die unto sin, and live unto God taking the cross, not as a burden or dread, but as a treasure by which we shall become victorious over sin and death and by having a true, inward knowledge of the sacrifices and sufferings of Jesus we are prepared to live the same pure life and rise above impurities which we behold at every step; for go where we will we see the need of that divine and holy life. Yea, we must have a true inward knowledge of the resurrection and realize what it is to come from the lower to the higher, from the animal to the spiritual; from death unto life. If we follow Christ and receive this' grace and knowledge we are prepared for soultravel, and in order to make proper progress we must throw off all the weights that are antagonistic to the divine principle within, for so long as the carnal nature has the ascendency or control of our being there is no progress. Before grace and knowledge can produce that soul-travel which Christ enjoyed, we must cast aside the weight of worldly love. One may strive to soar in the ambient air of God's love but how soon he realizes he is still groping in darkness with the children of earth; and there are many in this sphere of life that are honest in their convictions, but their minds are so befogged by the dogmas of THE MANIFESTO. 255 the antichristian world, that even the near whisperings of angels cannot be apprehended by them. Anger and hate must also be thrown aside and the last vestige completely severed before man can soar in the realms of peace, joy and love, and partake of that divine spirit of purity that comes from God. Sensuality, pride, anger, hatred, deceit, hypocrisy and backbiting can never be in harmony with the divine elements of our nature, and as long as man clings to those evil propensities, just so long lie will remain in darkness, doubt and misery. When man is willing to throw oft his evil nature and sever the last chord that is antagonistic to the divine principle within, then he will receive that love and peace that surpasseth all knowledge ; his heart will expand with tenderness and love, and hate will be unknown; for where purity dwells, hate cannot enter. If those who desire to grow in grace and knowledge, would follow the example of Jesus, the weights of sin would fall, as the scales from the eyes of the blind man, and they could travel in the sunny skies of purity and be wafted higher and higher in divine love that flows from the angelic sphere. This is the resurrection life in which the pure can travel and be fed with spiritual food. And may we all attain this happiness and we can if we grow in grace and a knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. South Union, Ky.