PROGRESS, ORDER AND INDIVIDUALISM. ALONZO G. HOLLISTER. It is our understanding, that a Shaker's progress is with his back to the world and its customs, for 'the fashion of this world passeth away,' as well as the lusts thereof, and the whole fabric is destined to cease, and be no more forever. That when the essentials of a true Shaker faith are complied with, all minor matters will be adjusted and disposed according to interior law. No matter how small the beginning, if we continue increasing in the right direction. Better begin small as 'a grain of mustard seed,' and keep advancing, than to commence with a long stride and have to recede because we have not grown to it. That the New Creation to which we are called, including the new earth possesses all the principles and elements of life, growth, and happiness, necessary to perfect the entire man. That in the spirit revealed in Christ, are 'hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge,' conferring superior advantages to the learning and science which the natural creation affords, admitting a portion of the latter to be ever so useful and necessary, in its place, and of sufficient amplitude to employ the most capacious minds of our race, all the ages of Eternity in acquiring it. And all that it needs to obtain these priceless treasures, is to devote our energies to the new creating work, and obey its requirements as fast as they are made known to us. That the Order of the Church of Christ's Second Appearing, established under the ministration of Father Joseph Meacham and Mother Lucy Wright, and confirmed by their successors, is a revelation of the Order of the Kingdom of Heaven upon earth; of which it is written, 'Of the increase of its government and peace, there shall be no end * * to order it, and to establish it, with judgment and with justice, from henceforth even forever.' That as the 'little horn' foretold by Daniel, drove the witnesses of Truth raised up in Christ's first appearing, into a wilderness or foundationless state, by 'scattering the power of the holy people,' the second appearing of Christ was to be signified by a reverse process ; for 'He shall send his angels with the great sound of a Trumpet, and they shall gather together his Elect,' etc. Jesus when asked by his disciples 'Where, Lord?' replied 'Wheresoever the body is, there will the eagles be gathered together.' That 'the Eagles' are those who hear and obey the voice of the Son of God, in this dispensation ; which is likened in the visions of John, to a flying Eagle, because its subjects fly above the spiritual elements of the natural earthly man. That 'the body,' is that Christ-like unity of spirit, and action, symbolized by one loaf of bread, and one cup, of which his disciples partook at the last supper; for Christ is 'the bread of God.' 'See Eph. i., 10.) 256 THE MANIFESTO. Hence the Psalmist sings prophetically 'Gather my saints together unto me ; those that have made a covenant with me by sacrifice.' What sacrifice? The sacrifice of sin by coming to judgment—and of their carna' wills, that they may do the will of God. Jesus said, 'I came not to do my own will,' implying the possession of a will distinct from the will of God; which he submitted, or sacrificed. That as God is a God of order, and order is Heaven's first law, 'the nearer we approach the Kingdom of God, the more order we must come to' and, according to the most reliable evidence that can be had, Shakers are in the commencement of that Kingdom which is destined in its progress to 'break in pieces and consume all other Kingdoms,' while to the increase of its own government, order, and stability there shall be no end, consequently, Shakerism is aggregation, centralization, organization,—a building up, a progress into increasing degrees of order and government, while the progress of the world, and its systems, effected by the great increase of light, is towards disorganization, individualism, and final dissolution. That this demolishing work, which produces so much clash, confusion, and distrust, in the mental, religious, and political world, is nee essary that the Kingdom begun to be set up, may have room to expand—'For in the place where the Most High beginneth to show his City, there shall no man's building be able to stand.' It is also necessary that souls may be set free from the binding influence of all man-invented creeds and dogmas, and from all institutions of power that bind the conscience, and obstruct the proper exercise of rational freedom ; that they may be at liberty to accept the terms of the 'everlasting gospel,' when that is presented, and to press into the Order of the Kingdom of Heaven, and furthermore, to educate them to the true dignity of manhood, that they may rightly appreciate the heavenly call. The Kingdom of Heaven is composed only of volunteers, and built up by a continual volunteer service, as shown by the following testimony. 'If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me.' This shows that we advance in self-denial. It also shows a daily sacrifice required, as the price of the daily bread, for which we are taught to pray. Finally, it shows that the only way to follow Christ in the regeneration, is by denying our own wills daily, until it becomes our meat and drink to do the will of God. This affects individuality which is God's own gift, similar to a school of training, where there is freedom to withdraw in case of insufficient inducements, to which agrees the words of the prophetic singer; 'Thy people shall be willing in the day of thy power.' By voluntarily subjecting individuality to the Order of God made known in the dispensation of His mercy. When souls enter this heavenly Order, the work of demolition and dissolution, proceeds upon the elements and principles of the world within. 'Whatever trials or disadvantages one may labor under who is called into this work, because of circumstances, and the frailties of human nature, these can never be but temporary to those who abide faithful; an J every one will reap what they sow, and be recompensed according to faithfulness and the degree of sacrifice made; for such is the pr mise, founded in the justice of God. The government of this Kingdom is the most stable, because it is just, being founded in the revelation of God, and conserving the highest interests of the governed. Though its laws are absolute in their cognizance and control over individual actions, they leave the individual free to unfold in the line of eternal life, because they emanate from these principles, as revealed in the gospel of Christ's first and second appearing. They are administered by a parental authority, which is the highest expression of the united wisdom and faithfulness of the body, guided by revelation and experience; through the most truth loving individuals, whose own interests are identical with the interests of the governed. For none can be more truth loving than those who cease from their own wills ; in other words, l-ay down their lives daily for the sake of the Truth, and for those who have come into it. This is God's way, therefore, man can never improve it, though many have tried. It is the only way yet made known whereby suffering mortals can escape victors from the THE MANIFESTO. 257 Beast, his image, and the number of his name ; and it is free for all who will, to enter. All are invited to thoroughly examine its claims. Those who have tried it, testify that it has made 'new creatures' of them, and their works bear witness that their testimony is true. We who follow in their footsteps, find in present attainments, a prophecy of the same result. For as God makes no arbitrary changes in the life or character of individualized intelligences, every kind of life contains the seed and prophecy of what its future will be, under appropriate conditions. Ours therefore, is irradiated with the prospective attainments and glory of the future for which we strive ; and though at times beset with difficulties which must be overcome in order to secure it, the contimial positive gain of the present, united with patience and perseverance, assures the final triumph, after which, nothing can impede our progress into the everlasting increase of order, beauty, glory and felicity of the Kingdom of the Saints of our God. It is a long and arduous journey through the transition state, the furnace of purification, and what mortal ever found life's journey anything but arduous? But it is the only one that gives assurance of ending our trials and sorrows by removing the cause— while the pay is sure, and ample, along the entire distance, to those who win and the final result more than a thousand, yea ten thousand fold rewards the toil. ML Leba?ion, iV'.