WOMAN. MARTHA J. ANDERSON. Who shall define her sphere, or mark her boundaries? If she was created man's help-meet, why should she not stand his equal in all the relations of life? Their qualities are admirably adapted to run parallel and aid each other, in balancing the accretive and concretive forces that are continually molding forms of beauty and use. Woman, dwarfed and crippled, by erroneous customs of society, cramped by false ideas of education, and fettered by fashion, is not the being of whom we speak; but, woman emancipated from the thraldom of ages, with equal facilities for mental expansion with her brother, which have been denied her for centuries because she was the weaker sex, and man has been her Lord and master. If her body and brain are smaller, they are finer, and active enough to make up for deficiency in size. Exercise gives development; if you compress the powers of a human being, or a race of people in a small compass, and restrict their unfoldment, of course you necessarily have dwarfed capacities, and where this continues for generations it becomes a natural inheritance. African slavery established this fact, and you only need to trace the effects in another form of bondage and there will be seen as marked results. It is true that man is organized for the heavier burdens of life, where muscular strength is required. But, on the other hand, he prostitutes his manly qualities for the sake of ease, and blocks the avenues to many a field of labor that woman is pre-eminently fitted to fill. If she is obliged to toil for her own support, or that of a family, which care alas, too often devolves upon her, it must be at the stipulated wages that man chooses to give her, regardless of the actual worth of the labor. Thousands of women work for starvation prices, breaking down their delicately organized nervous systems, suffering untold agonies the while in trying to eke out a miserable existence ; or else happily find an early grave, as the only end to mortal trouble. Under these unjust usages of society, it is no wonder that so many lead a life of vice. Infringement of God's just law has blotted out the seal of true equality which He enstamped on human life ; passion has blinded man's vision, and liquidated his obligations to do right; all things subserve its base purposes, and what, or who, more than woman? Her school of culture has been to perfect the art of seduction ; her accomplishments, the blandishments and charms of personal grace and mental refinement, that captivate and lure to pitfalls of sensual pleasure. Turn the currents of her life in channels of usefulness ; open to her the halls of legislature, the academies of science THE MANIFESTO. 251and art, and you will soon see a new unfoldment of powers that man never dreamed she possessed. Some feminine minds are absolutely starved, because they are hampered by masculine opinion, and are by the sterner sex refused admittance to those fields of study and research which they are often better qualified to fill than their own brothers, who have all the opportunities to follow out their inclinations ; while their genius must be blasted on account of the imagined limitations of sex. A few strong-minded women have pushed their way into medical colleges, and struggled to maintain their position despite the sneers and frowns, accompanied by personal insult from the chivalrous male students, with whom they were obliged to associate ; and where they have been able to break the barriers of prejudice, at the expense of their keenly sensitive natures, they have proved by true womanly courage and persistence worthy the highest honors of the institution. Society demands a change, especially in this line. Woman is eminently fitted to attend her own sex, and nurse the afflicted of tender years. Her qualities as an efficient nurse combined with a thorough knowledge of the human system, make her more skillful than man in the treatment of some diseases as has been practically demonstrated. Does knowledge unfit her for domestic duties ? Far otherwise ; it enlarges her perception of those duties, and causes her to work intelligently wherever life's needful burdens fall to her lot to bear. When educated aright, she puts thought, system and thoroughness in all her work. Domestic relations do not claim the attention of all the lair sex. Some are capacitated for intellectual pursuits; their thoughts and ideas are the oiFspring they cherish ; others engage in philanthropic work, and through their largeheartedness and desire to do good, enlarge the sphere of their love, and go out from their homes on true missions of mercy and charity, prompted by a desire to uplift the fallen, and place humanity on higher planes of thought and action. Let woman move in the way that her mind and intuitions dictate as right, and there will be great changes in social life. The world will have nobler mothers and better developed children; consequently superiorgenerations, of men and women will be the effect of the new evolution of things—And out of it shall come seed for the New Creation—the Christ Order—for nature molds her highest types in God's divine ideal. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.