Sanitary CARE OF THE FEET When the feet are damp and cold it is impossible to keep well. There will be cough or sore throat, or hoarseness, sick headache, or some other annoyance. If cold and dry, the feet should be soaked in hot water for ten minutes every night, and when wiped and dried, rub into them well, ten or fifteen drops of sweet oil; do this patiently with the hands, rubbing the oil into the soles of the feet particularly. On getting up in the morning, dip both feet at once into water, as cold as the air of the room, half ankle deep, for a minute in summer ; half a minute or less in winter, rubbing one foot with the other, then wipe dry, and if convenient, hold them to the fire, rubbing them with the hand until perfectly dry and warm in every part. If the feet are damp and cold, attend only to the morning washing, but at night always remove the stockings, and hold the feet to the fire, rubbing them with the hands for fifteen minutes, and get immediately into bed. Under any circumstances, as often as the feet are cold enough to attract attention, draw off the stockings, and hold them to the fire ; if the feet are much inclined to dampness, put on a pair of dry stockings, leaving the damp ones before the fire to be ready for another change. Some persons' feet are more comfortable, even in winter, in cotton, others in woolen stockings. Each must be guided by his own feelings. Sometimes two pairs of thin stockings keep the feet warmer than one peir which is thicker than both. The thin pairs may be of the same or of different materials, and that which is best next to the feet, should be determined by the feelings of the person. Sometimes the feet are rendered more comfortable by basting half an inch thickness of curled hair on a piece of thick cloth, slipping this into the stocking, with the hair next the skin, to be removed at night, and placed before the fire to be perfectly dried by morning. Persons who walk a great deal during the day, should on coming home for the night, remove their shoes and stockings, hold the feet to the fire until perfectly dry; put on a dry pair, and wear slippers for the rest of the evening. Boots and gaiters keep the feet damp, unclean and noisome, by preventing the escape of the insensible perspiration and odor which are constantly emanating from healthy feet; hence the old-fashioned shoe is the best for health and for the strengthening of the ankles, by habituating them to support themselves. Pieces of newspaper wrapped around the feet over the stockings keep the feet remarkably warm. Cold feet arise from the want of a vigorous circulation in them; this is often remedied by putting them in hot wate* in a wooden vessel, so as to cover the toes; in about ten minutes, put both in cold water, the colder the better, of the same depth, for half a minute ; the object being to produce a shock, calculated to draw the warm blood to the soles; this may be done on retiring and rising. Nothing should be considered a trouble, which can have even a slight tendency to keep the feet warm, because there can never be recovery from disease or substantial good health without it. Hall's Journal of Health.