(Continued from last number.) HENRY CLOUGH, No. 2. In 1788 by the request of Father Joseph Meacham, Henry moved to the Society in New Lebanon, which from this date became his permanent home. He was now, in company with several other members of the family, appointed as an assistant minister to be sent from place to place as necessity demanded. Each society, by divine revelation, had their Elders or Bishops, for both Brethren and Sisters, selected from among this number. No one of this class of assistant laborers of Father Joseph Meacham and Mother Lucy Wright, in the great work of establishing the church, was more efficient or helpful than Elder Henry Clough. In company with others, he was frequently commissioned to visit the Believers where tb.3 societies were being formed, and to assist them to a better understanding of their spiritual duties. Those who accompanied him testify of his gift of wisdom and discernment, and of the great blessing that attended all his ministrations. Elder Henry Clough was one of the three messengers who were sent to Hancock in 1790, to assist the Believers in making arrangements for the establishing of a Society at that place. When the people had assembled they were addressed by two of the Brethren, but Elder Henry did not feel to speak at that time. A second meeting was held but Elder Henry still remained silent. A third meeting was called, and after the two Brethren had spoken in accordance with their gift, they asked him if he felt to speak. He replied, 'I believe I will say a few words,' and his discourse wrought a deep conviction in their souls. He urged them to put away all that was wrong and by an honest confession and repentance seek earnestly the blessing of God. The gift which Elder Henry had administered was universally received, and he felt the burden of the Society upon him to that extent that he thought it might be his duty to abide with them. When this was referred to Father Joseph Meacham he replied, 'Well Henry, if you can find no one who can take the burden from you then you must go and take the charge; but if you can find some one, then that person is the one to take charge of the Society.' Elder Henry accordingly conversed with several of the Brethren who seemed best qualified for the place ; but it was not till he had made known the gift to Elder Calvin Harlow that his burden left him. Elder Calvin was soon after appointed to the charge, and with the assistance of Elder Henry established the Societies of THE MANIFESTO. 243 Hancock, and Tyringham, Mass., and Enfield, Conn. Elder Henry now became the most prominent minister in assisting Father Josep'h. In 1791 he was commissioned with the gift to establish Elder Eleazer Hand over the Societies of Harvard and Shirley, Mass. In 1792 the Society at Canterbury was formed into an order, and until this date the property owned by Elder Henry was under the charge of a large family of Believers. After he had entered the Society at New Lebanon, the Believers occupying his place moved to the family of Benjamin Whitcher, and the property was sold for some $3,000 to Seth Turrell. A generous settlement Avas made with those Avho had been employed on the place, after which he contributed $176 to assist in building the 'Meeting House' for the Believers in Canterbury. The remainder of his property Avas given to the Society at New Lebanon. At the time that Father Job Bishop was commissioned to organize the Societies of Believers in New Hampshire, Elder Henry Avas appointed to assist him. Father Job had preAdously made a journey to NeAv Hampshire but his labors did not prove satisfactory, and he so reported himself to Father Joseph Meacham, Avhose reply was, 'Well, Elder Henry may go with you.' The tAvo Brethren noAv set out on horse back to make a journey from New Lebanon, N. Y. to Canterbury, N. H., a distance of about one hundred and thirty miles. A curious incident occurred while the Brethren were traveling along the road and about one half of the trip accom. plished. Although Elder Henry was the youngest Believer his official position as a spiritual teacher Avas now in advance of Father Job, but had not been publicly recognized as they both had lived Avith Father Joseph. On this journey Job fell into a contemplative state of the mind while meditating upon this subject, and finally fell some distance in the rear. While in this labor, Job caught the impression that he had not publicly acknoAvledged Elder Henry as his spiritual adviser. Putting spurs to his horse he soon overtook Elder Henry and riding up by his side, said, 'Elder Henry, you are my Elder in the Gospel.' j Elder Henry stopped his horse quite suddenly and said,—'Job, go on, you Avill have a gift of blessing. I will return to New Lebanon.' Father Job entreated fo/ him to go the remainder of the journey. ' 'Nay,' said Elder Henry, 'it will be of no use ;' and turning his horse drove on toward his home. At a subsequent date Elder Henry visited the Societies in N. H. and permanently established Father Job as the director of the Believers. In the fall of 1792 Elder Henry accompanied Elder John Barnes to the State of Maine, and assisted in appointing him the Elder OA^er the Societies of Alfred and Gloucester. In the Society at New Lebanon Elder Henry felt it to be of primary importance that the youth and children should receive a careful, moral and religions instruction, as a present protection, and as a future safeguard against the temptations of a sinful world. At one time he Avas appointed their mediate counselor, and became deeply interested in their behalf. His prayers and care were not Avithout effect. Many of the number accepted the instruction and became faithful and honorable mem- 244 THE MANIFESTO. bers of the institution. He instructed them to avoid all rude, unbecoming conversation, but to speak and act before each other in such a manner as to increase their union and respect. By the death of Father Joseph Meacham, the first gift in the order of the Ministry devolved upon Mother Lucy Wright, who had occupied a place in the Ministry, as well as the title for several years. Elder Henry remained in the Ministry, and acknowledged and supported the ministration that was placed upon Mother Lucy. By his humility of spirit, and his untiring devotion to the cause, he became the beloved friend of the Believers in every society. On the 30th. of Jan. 1798, Elder Henry in company with the Ministry of New Lebanon, made his last visit to Watervliet, N. Y., and returned Feb. 3rd. From this time his health began rapidly to decline. He was taken very sick on the 7th. of March, when everything was done for him through the day and night that the physicians could suggest for his recovery. Hopes were entertained that his life would be spared still longer, but it was soon evident that his work on the earth was nearly finished. He continued to fail and on the 12th. day of March, six days only after he was taken ill, he calmly departed this life, at half past seven, A. M. and his soul was removed to higher and more extensive labors. His age was 44 yrs. and 34 days. The funeral was attended by all the members of the First Family, and by the Leaders of the whole Society. The service was very impressive. Canterbury, N. H.