EDUCATION, No. 1. Its Importance. CALVIN G. REED. 'Youth it instructs, old age delights, 'Adorns prosperity, and when, 'Of adverse fate we feel the blights, ' 'Twill comfort and solace us then.' In this world surely, if not in all spheres of existence, education is man's best, most constant friend. It aids us in all our needs, wisely directs us in the performance of all our duties, and helps us to bear with equanimity, dignity and patience our allotted burdens of life. When, however, the importance of education is espoused and advocated by its friends, defenders, and disciples, immediately the fears of the uneducated are aroused, their antagonism is stirred, their opposition placed in battle array prepared to combat a fornaidable and vindictive foe. The illiterate try all the arguments presented in favor of education by their imperfect standards, and what does not agree with these, are judged erroneous, and ignored as unsound and injurious ; validating the maxim : ' 'Tis with the judgments as with watches; no two Times just alike, yet each believes his own.' Education is a vital force ; an intelligent power ; a royal, ruling puissance, guiding and controlling the opinions; social relations ; philosophies ; theologies ; and governments of mankind; a surer and more potent conqueror than the sword; 'For just experience tells in every soil, That those who think, must govern those who toil.'' Education is the eye of the mind, and the observatory, laboratory, and conservatory of the soul. With it we scan the visible and the invisible Avorlds, and weigh, measure, and compare the ponderable and unponderable elements of THE MANIFESTO. 245 •creation. It is the Archimedean lever with which we move the world. Man without education, like a lever without fulcrum, has only the power of liis own weight of animal life. God designed man to be educated and intelligent ; to seek and know the truth. He constituted him with faculties, ability, and desire to acquire, retain, and use knowledge, and to become a repository and exponent of wisdom and understanding ; a true legitimate child of his omniscient Father ; a wise and noble headship of creation. If our Heavenly Father intended that we should remain in a state of ignorance and continue in our childhood sphere, and not use the talents conferred upon us ; it was a marked exhibition of folly, unbecoming the Supreme Architect, to place them in the structure of the human edifice. Lawful possession and ownership implies the right to use. Jesus in the parable of the talents clearly taught the use of them to be our sacred duty. Through long, tortuous, tedious centurias, truths and blessings the present age enjoys, forced their way through hosts of ignorance, error, folly, misrepresentation, oppression, persecution and blood. At last, the white-robed angel of Freedom, with out-spread wings, reared his invincible, invulnerable standard of glory and triumph, upon the Mountain of God's Holiness, proclaiming life, liberty, and happiness, free to all the sons and daughters of men, who through wisdom and understanding will defend and preserve them. Blot out all art and science ; seal up the book of knowledge and experience that has come to us through the growth of the ages ; return man to his pristine state, when first he breathed the breath of life, and looked through infant eyes upon the wild primeval world. Draw, thoughtful reader, draw the picture plain I. Fill out the canvas full and true ! Sketch witli artistic skill, the dark, the vapid, the gloomy pall of weakness, ignorance, and barbarism, that then would bind us down with stronger chains than chains of steel; with denser darkness than the darkest night can boast! Who would ask it ? Who would wish it? Who could bear it? Who would not shudder at the thought of such a withering, chilling, terrible prison state ? Yet do not all, who see but little else than glory, honor, virtue, righteousness, and grace, adorn the past; and folly, shame, duplicity, and crime, pervade the present ; who look with longing eyes to days forever gone, and fancied bliss they think their minutes bore ; but in the present, find but weary toil and anxious care, a lurid sunshine, fading hope, and gloomy future who see through Education's course, but worldliness ; do not all such, cast in their mites, to backward roll the car of Progress, and stay the reign of the Millennial Day ? 'The prudent, the wise, the intelligent, the educated, foresee evil and shun it; but the simple, the ignorant, the foolish, the uneducated, pass on and are punished. The wise shall inherit glory; but shame shall be the promotion of fools. The way of life is above to the wise. The wise and their works are in the hands of God. But the fool hath said in his heart, there is no God. Wisdom strengtheneth the wise more than ten mighty men. The multitude of the wise, is the welfare of the world.' 'Wisdom hath builded her house; she hath hewn out her seven pillars ; she hath also furnished her table. Whoso 246 THE MANIFESTO. is simple let him turn in hither, as for him that wanteth understanding, she saith to him : 'Come cat of my bread ; forsake the foolish and live ; and go in the way of understanding.' ' 'Now we see through a glass darkly' (2000 years ago) but in the l'Jth century and onward, 'Knowledge shall be increased ; but none of the wicked (ignorant) shall understand ; but the wise, (intelligent, educated) shall understand, and shall shine as the brightness of the firmament.' God does not work by partial, but by universal laws, the grand, the best results He keeps in view. He is the fountain, source, and power of wisdom, knowledge, and intelligence. All true educational systems, primarily, emanate fiom Him, and consequently must be of universal application, adapted to our legitimate unfolding and best development. (To BE CONTINUED.)