House and Farm F0REST CULTURE. An Essay by Cephas Holloway of Union Village, Ohio., delivered before the June meeting Warren County Horticultural Societ3'. The Best Practical Mode of Preserving and ^Restoring tlie IToi ests of Ohio. An intelligent observer can not fail to see that our timbered lands are in a rapidly failing condition, and that unless a radical change be made in their management the end or entire destruction of our timber will be seen in fifty years. We think the time has come for deep thought and decisive action to discover and adopt, if possible, the best practicable method of preserving and perpetuating the most useful kinds of timber trees, and also to determine what is the best use to be made of the existing growth, whether it should be permitted to die upon the ground in which it now stands or whether it should be cut down and taken to market while it still has the highest value, namely, Avhile it is still alive. At the present rate of consumption and decay entire destruction of living timber must follow; and the source of future supply has long since become a subject of anxious thought, a subject which all will admit is one of universal concern for all are cognizant of the manifold uses of wood and how absolutely essential it is to our comfort and well being, nor need we now remind our readers of the scientifically ascertained fact that the total destruction of forests of a country will ultimately unfit it for the occupancy of man. The prospective scarcity and high price of timber, necessarily consequent upon the present devastations, would be of themselves sufficient reasons for planting forests of suitable timber, but when to these considerations are added the probable ruin of habitable districts and deterioration of climate in a whole country, there is an imperative demand for decision and immediate action. Hitherto, the best energies of our rural population have been largely employed in the extermination of forests. The time has come now for a change of policy, one which will secure for us neither too much nor too little timber, but a continuous supply if possible of so much, at least, as will approximately meet all reasonable demands, and this subject has now justly become one of National concern, for taking official statistics as a basis for their calculations, careful observers have demonstrated almost to a certainty, that at the present rate of consumption and decay, the pine woods of the great north-west will be exhausted in less than twenty-five years. The pine woods of the South will hold out for a few years after the former shall have been exhausted and after that, if nothing has been done in the way of reproduction in the mean time, we shall have to look to South America for our supplies. That so little attention, comparatively, has been given to this subject, in the past, seems to us strange when we consider the fact that the raising of timber is by no means unprofitable, and that so much of our land is peculiarly fitted for this industry, consisting as it does, of broken or uneven tracts, partially or entirely unfitted for the cultivation of crops, or it may be of shifting sands which may be made a source of income by being planted with pine trees—these trees serving to stay the sand. Apart from considerations of public good, the first question that may suggest itself to tillers of the soil is, will it pay us to plant and cultivate trees? This question we do not hesitate for a moment to answer in the affirmative if as in all matters pertaining to 260 THE MANIFESTO. husbandry as well as in other matters pertaining to this life due discretion be exercised in the first place it must be ascertained what timber is most in demand and therefore likely to bring the highest price, at the same time, having a regard to what is best adapted to the climate and soil in which it is to be planted. The proportion of a farm to be appropriated for timber-raising, should be in our judgment, at least 1-10 to 1-20 of the number of acres composing it, this much would we think, be sufficient for home wants. Next the ground should be prepared for planting by removing all timber already growing upon it, and by destroying by tillage, all seeds for two or three years before planting. We believe that the original growth of trees in Ohio and Kentucky can not be profitably perpetuated, because of the destruction of the undergrowth, and the cultivation of grass for lawns, pasturage etc. Where these have occurred, both being prejudicial to timber growth, because the tramping of cattle injuring the roots, will ultimately cause trees to die exposed to it, and further, because of the fact that leaves alone should cover the ground in tracts devoted to the culture of trees. And hence we have no hesitation in saying, that the better way to perpetuate is by successive periodic cuttings and plantings so managed, that there will be a regular rotation of the same established, by the time that the primitive growth has been consumed, or otherwise made use of; arranging at the same time that trees shall be cut while still in full life and vigor, so that the cutting shall not be delayed until the trees have become useless by reason of decay. As to the best kinds of trees to plant, we would recommend the walnut, oak, poplar, pine, hickory, butternut, Scotch larch etc. Oak sneds or acorns should be planted immediately after they fall, they should not bo dried for they will strike root immediately, the root running down from four to eight inches in the fall, starting as soon as planted, the tops not starting until the following spring. The black-walnut, butternut, hickory, and other nut trees, should be planted where the trees are to remain; other trees, the seeds of which are small, or which make but little growth the first year, are best grown in seed beds until they are of proper size for transplanting. When trees are taken from the seed beds all the branches should be cut off' and the tops shortened. It will more certainly grow and less exhaust the root. Only one leading shoot should to each tree be allowed, and it not be permitted to fork. All large side branches should be shortened or entirely taken off. The best plan for profitable culture is to plant those kinds to be used for lumber— such as Avalnut, oak, poplar, etc., from one to two rods apart, and to fill the intervening spaces with smaller growths—such as locust, Osage orange and Scotch larch; also, hickory and oak, the two latter to be used for hoop poles. If desirable, or deemed more profitable, fill such intervening spaces—one way with corn, potatoes, etc.,—that is, four and one-half feet in all intervening space between standard trees. The best time for thinning is either in the winter or in tke early spring, otherwise the root will be destroyed. The second thinning would be on the locust and orange plants, for bean poles, grape stakes, etc., leaving a portion for still larger growth and use—say fence stakes and posts, leaving a portion still for rail road ties, etc. There should at all times be a sufficient number of the second class of trees left to keep standard trees trimmed and forced up without branching out. The stumps of the second class may be allowed to reproduce, until the standard overtop and destroy them. Thus may timber land be made productive, also to yield returns in money, within twelve months from so laying out the ground. Care should be taken that no domestic stock be allowed to graze on the land, so planted in timber, whether in winter or in summer ; the hog may be admitted after the third year, indeed the animal may be said to be almost indispensable to many trees, being useful because of its tramping and rooting out ground mice, etc, which would, if not interfered with, gnaw off' the bark of such trees under and above the ground, thus destroying them; should this animal be admitted the first year however, it would destroy THE MANIFESTO. 261 all seeds. The expense of fencing can be obviated by the planting of Osage trees to answer that purpose, this species being at the same time one of the best timber trees grown. The best mode of planting for this purpose is to plant a single or double row say one foot apart or wider and plash them the second year down to sixteen inches above ground or less, later plashing them the second time say two feet above the ground, and then permitting them to grow for timber. In planting standard trees, care must be exercised to prevent their being sunburnt. If no intervening trees be put between them, all trees planted should be crowded so closely that no tree will need pruning. Thinning should be carefully attended to. Say hoop poles first, in from three to five years after planting; by pursuing this course, we think that at present prices every acre might be made to return one hundred dollars in poles at each cutting; after cutting let the trees reproduce from the stumps until the larger trees overtop them. It would be our maxim to prevent no timber trees to remain on lands after they are in condition for the most profitable use, as they should then be harvested. Most tree seeds should not be allowed to dry, but should be kept in moist sand or earth in a cellar, but not wet sand, better be entirely dry. They should be gathered through the latter part of the season at maturity or procured from some reliable seed-man, and should be ready to plant in early spring. If preserved as above, keep a tharp look-out and make provision against rats and mice depredations. Every planter will have to select such a list of trees to suit himseli and climate, location, etc. We feel impelled to make an urgent request to parents as an imperative duty to provide by successive planting of lumber trees for their children especially, and also as a national duty, a humanitarian duty. The large dots or stars are the standard treess. The small dots are the four feet apart filling between the standards. THAT OLD BURNER. Perhaps some young housekeeper would like to know how to clean up an old lampburner and make it as good as new. I had one that I was told to throw away, when a friend told me to boil it in strong soap-suds and it would be all right. I did so and saved my burner and the trouble of sending for a new one.;— M. A. B.