PROPHECIES FULFILLED. SIGNS MANIFESTED. GILES B. AVERY. Lo Christ again hath come! The Prophet's purpose Now begins to dawn! Christ, Our God reveals— A Dual Spirit,—Father,—Mother,—God. Thus all the signs declare : First, Tables two Mosaic Law proclaim'd; then Cherubs two The Mercy Seat adorn. Next, Trumpets two The call of God proclaim. Two Goats were used The judgment to dispose. Two tabernacles The temple signified. Two souls were God's Anointed to reveal His will to Man! Two Trees of Life, whose leaves for healing were On either side Life's river seen to grow. Two Olive Trees, that stood on either side Of Zacharias golden heavenly bowl. Two Holy Cities, principles declar'd That build the heav'nly Paradise of God. The first, down trodden by the Gentile horde; The next, descending out of Heaven from God. The Spirit and the Bride,—The heav'nly Twain, —'Christ in His Glory,' now has come to reign! Come to fulfill the Law to Moses given, Come to create the Heavens and Earth anew, Baptiz'd with pow'r salvation to dispense To whoso wills; All nations to embrace, May all their courts now ope, their doors ajar Now stand, and let the Queen of Glory in! The Dual Christ upon the 'Cloud' now sits Sickle in hand, to thrust, and reap the world! The 'clusters' of earth's vine* to gather home, To garners of Our Father,—Mother,—God. The field is ripe; the harvest is at hand, Christ, in a Cloud of Witnesses now comes; •Judgment, his sceptre, now o'er earth lie waves, 'Not to condemn'! but rescue,—save his people, Save by his cross; the same on earth he bore Those who'd be sav'd must ever also bear 'Gainst sin, and strife, and worldly lust and pride,. Hypocrisy, and cant; 'Gainst Pharisaic lies! Christ comes the temple courts to cleanse anew. Her money-mongers' Mammon worship, chide I Drive out the rabble; Altars purify! Truth off'rings bring, and heav'nly incense rise, Prepare a church,—A Body, for the Lord! The Living Christ is come, Not Jesus, but The Comforter, to build the heav'ns anew, Anew the earth, where righteousness shall dwell. The worshipers of Antichrist reprove, Creed thongs, that millions bind, to rend away, That on Truth's ocean wide the soul may sail To Wisdom's port, and at her altars bow, Truth's boundless sea, no human creed hath spann'd', Her waves new trophies to our ports do bring Christ's church to garnish, and her courts to pave? For peace the Christ is come! But Antichrist [war, Hath strewn the earth with gore; her priests teach And drown the nations in a din of strife!