WATCHFULNESS. ABBAHAM PERKINS. '•Every good tree bringeth forth, good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit.' Matt, vii., 17. We are scripturally taught to judge no man ; yet from that book, which exceeds all others in teaching us wisdom and portraying Christian life, and also from personal experience which gives us the most certain knowledge, Ave are made to know truth:—'-5.V their fruits ye shall know them.' Matt., 20. Such evidences are indubitable, sufficient to enable us to understand with what we are dealing, what the character and what the individual or society would be safe and honorable for our association, friendship and relation. When we see youth and young men attracted to the gay and giddy, to the idle and unrestrained, whose element is in that which is light, empty and irreligious, using their language and adopting their manners and habits, we say,— Young man, you are establishing life character, your destiny is being sealed and ruin is sure. On the other hand, when the spirit of caution is manifest in the selection of associates, when a reserve is maintained in language and manners, when respect is shown for the feelings and characters of others, then we may look for growth of the soul, development of just principles and respect for one's self; then we may find a place to repose confidence, a repository commanding respect and a character unblemished if in this world such a condition is possible. The pathway of life is pregnant with danger, full of snares, and few escape falling into some of them. None are THE MANIFESTO. 249 secure because of their station, their honors, their education or their talents ; and however frequent the repetition, that safety lies only in watchfulness and care, or however delusive the idea in a regard of these points as beingprotective, if uttered with the mouth or heard with the ear, yet it is a fact, here is the secret of a prosperous and resurrected life. It is yet to be learned, if not understood, that simply making a profession and having fellowship with a religious body, having associations with good society, being constant at church and uniformly attentive to prayers, although in themselves all good, unless a foundation is laid by cleansed hearts, and lives made perfect by obedience to the light and conviction of conscience, life is a blank, profession a sham, we have no part in Christ and are none of his. 'Every association we form, however limited, exerts some influence upon us. The extent to which we yield to that influence, will be determined by the degrees of intimacy, the constancy of the intercourse and our love and veneration for those with whom we associate.' Therefore, how vital to safety, to protection, to the salvation of the soul and its final redemption, that we are choice in the selection of intimate friends and companions, that no habits of others become ours, unless they be those of genuine principle, which, of course, must be founded on the basis of truth. Our own hearts we should examine critically, our individual course judge impartially, carefully shunning all associations unfriendly to religious life, being faithful in our sacrifices of all worldly considerations that imperil the soul. To the pleasure-seeker, danger seems afar off; to those who are at ease in Zion, the cry is peace and safety, when Heaven declares swift destruction upon the transgressor. Watch, pray, work ;— this is true life, from which we cannot fail of reaping a harvest' of precious fruit. Enfield, N. H.