NOTES. The very simplicity of the advent of Jesus... The very simplicity of the advent of Jesus was undoubtedly the great stumbling block to the worldly wisdom of the Jewish Church. They had anticipated an heir from the royal family, and to this end consulted their genealogical tables with rigid exactness. lie was to be a lineal descendant of the house of David, and they were, by no means, prepared to accept the Christ from any other source. Several of the prophets had seen in their revelations, the coming Messiah, but he had assumed so many peculiar forms, that the revelations became obscure to the Jewish mind. By some he was exalted even to the Creator of (he heavens and earth, by some to a conquering King, while on the other hand he was to be of the most obscure origin, and was even likened to a root in a poor soil. Such conflicting views were not calculated to establish in the minds of the Hebrew nation a harmony which! could accept the advent of any messenger. To those who had anticipated a King, commissioned with authority from the very God who had so signally delivered them from the Egyptians. Jesus was at once denounced as an impostor. The sacred books had informed them that their Redeemer was to restore, the glory of Jerusalem and take vengeance oj their enemies. To the common people he was to be a prophet, a friend to the poor and a physician to mitigate all their physical ills. To these sons of God, whose habitations were to be like the everlasting hills, enduring throughout all generations, the holy city has been lost for centimes and their people scattered among every nation on the earth. Nearly two thousand years have passed and the religious nature of man, is as ever demanding a knowledge of the highway to eternal life, and yet but little has been learned beyond that which actuated the Scribes and Pharisees in the city of David. Regal splendor and self aggrandizement would be the demanded: credentials of him who came as the anointed Christ of the nineteenth century. The messenger Avho came having no where to lay his head, and urging men to dispose of their property for the benefit cf the less fortunate of this world, before he could be accepted as a disciple, would undoubtedly be in the minds of the Christians, at a very great discount. It has become one of the enigmatical problems of the day, to be able to harmonize the selfishness and war-loving spirit of the worldly-minded Christians, with the pure and peaceable followers of the Son of God, and yet there are thousands who earnestly contend that this very thiug can be done. They implicitly believe in the amalgamation of the flesh and the spirit, and that they can, acceptably to Jesus, serve both God and mammon. There may be dissenters from these views, lights which come down from God, whose voices are yet but feebly heard on the earth, and how very fortunate it is for this class in their every degree of advancement that religion may become a work of conscience, that there are no bands nor bars to prevent the offering of a pure heart, of becoming peacemakers, and of crucifying all selfishness and following the living Christ in the regeneration. The scriptural order that was given, THE MANIFESTO. 259 says—'Follow the Lamb whithersoever he goeth.' Not a pre-arranged course as conducive to our fancied pleasure, but wherever the spirit of the Christ shall lead. Earthly rulers demand a corresponding obedience of their subjects; the army no less of its soldiers, and we are looking with interest to see that order arise from among men that may be known by their acceptance of the principles of Christ and can be designated as the friends of righteousness.