My youthful sister M; would you... Shaker Village, N. H. Aug. 1883. My Youthful Sister M ;—Would you like to see how one good thought clothed in earnest words, even by yourself, can be treasured like good seed in other hearts, and anon, be made to grow and expand one at a time perchance, like the tiny leaflets from the auxiliary bud, and lose no virtue by the change ? Well then, let me show you the phenomena. Last evening after a day's pleasant toil together, you and I had the privilege of joining in worship with the good Brethren and Sisters where much was spoken, felt and heard. Much, which, I trust, will be wisely heeded by both speaker and listener. One voice in particular, arrested my attention, while in earnest tones its owner pleaded to be more sincere in prayer, remarking that 'though accustomed to kneel eight times a day, yet I can not be content to treat this exercise as a mere ceremony. I would have my mind busy in prayer.' As I listened to this last expression I mentally rejoined, You are right sister M., and let me add, 'Blessed be even the 'form of Godliness,' to all who are able to understand what it implies. Blessed be the discipline which elevatesthe mind, even though it bows the physical form to meet its kindred dust.' The attitude of prayer, in my view when reverently assumed, is in itself a manifestation of the triumph of mind over matter, and is often far more eloquent in its silence than the most glowing passages which one might quote from human speech. In the brief moments of silent prayer before and after meals, at rising in the morning and retiring at night, one must realize that hero the soul asserts its supremacy, its peculiar character as an immortal existance. All animal life can be sustained by material substances alone ; not so we who are able to reason ; we want to maintain our superiority by some appropriate token of moral and mental power every where. Therefore, let us command ourselves often, to pause amid the hurry and bustle of worldly cares, and gratefully recognize the Source of our many bounties. When I was but a youth it was once my privilege to wait upon an aged Sister on one day of her last illness. She seemed to me then, a pattern of Godliness, or like an impersonation of modesty, humility and chastity. One expression which she made at that time, left a lasting impression upon my memory, wThich I will insert for you. On carrying breakfast to her one morning, THE MANIFESTO. 247 which was simply a cup of gruel, I invited her to eat. She, putting the cup aside for a moment, said,' I must pray first, because, you see, I would not he like the swine, they cannot pray.' This little remark, so pleasantly spoken, rises like a star in the mind's sky often when I kneel at table, and sheds a mild radiance on the^ceremony, as some term it, of kneeling before and after meals. And though I may not always have given by example the decided influence which the subject demands, yet a ready departure from this custom to favor some petty excuse, seems not only careless but Godless to me. So, my dear M., you have my testimony in favor of prayer, just as it grew out of the seed planted in one willing mind. If you can recognize the leaf-bud closed, please accept the same expanded, with my best love. Mention me kindly to your youthful class-mates, for 1 love you all, and hope you will never be loth to acknowledge the goodness of God in the spirit and attitude of prayer. Yours in interest, Asenath C. Stickney.