EDUCATION, No. 2. Its Importance. CALVIN G. REED. As to what shall constitute a correct system of education, can be ascertained, only by acquainting ourselves with the order and number of the particular faculties and their requisitions which are the constituents of a perfectlv organized rational being. Having tabulated this analysis to the extent of our ability to comprehend, we have the area and elements which our educational system must include, and amply provide for. Any system that does not embody and fill all these requisitions, is defective and should not be accepted as sound. When a curriculum as nearly perfect as can be arranged, is adopted, to be successful, competent teachers must be employed to carry the system into effect. As no stream can rise higher than its source, so ignorance cannot impart wisdom. Small vessels cannot hold the contents of large ones. In making an analysis of a properly organized rational being we discover four distinct, yet correlated harmonious systems, or divisions, comparable to the four points of compass, or the four parts of a harmony, viz : The physical, the intellectual, the moral, and the spiritual or intuitional. The physical, holds us in relation to, and in connection with the earth and animal life. The intellectual unites us with the realm of cause and effect. The moral renders us conscious of our duties, relationship, and obligations to our fellow men and to society. The spiritual or intuitional gives us conceptions of God, and of our duties and obligations to the supernal, the eternal, and the infinite. Any system that does not include these four grand divisions and make ample provisions for them in its methods of tuition, is defective, and should be relinquished, and a better, aye the best obtainable should be substituted in its place. These primary divisions have subordinate divisions, requiring proper attention and culture according to their importance and essential bearing upon the welfare, unfoldment, and ultimate perfection of our existence. Our physical welfare, demands that we have a clear and explicit knowledge of the laws of health, of the anatomy and structure of the house we live in, and of the proper aliment necessary 'to keep us in a normal state of growth and development, from infancy to the close of our earthly existence. Our physical education, consequently requires that we study Physiology, Anatomy, Hygiene, and Therapeutics, and put in practice their teachings, if we would have sound bodies. As we obtain our living from the earth and her elements, it is necessary to study as a science as well as practice as an a~t, Agriculture, Horticulture, Pomology, Chemistry, Geology. Mineralogy, Zoology, Botany, Entomology etc., so that we may be able to obtain the best results from our labors, and to secure ourselves against the attack and ravages of depredating animals and insects, and foul weeds. Intellectual education, is indispensable to give us ideas, thoughts, compass of mind, sound reason, mental acumen, intelligent acquisition and dispensation of knowledge, the development of social power, which forms and maintains pleasant, useful, and reciprocal relations with others, which is the basis of good society. Thus intellectual culture requires a knowledge of spoken and written language illustrative of the objective and subjective worlds. Hence the study of Elocution, Grammar, Rhetoric, Logic, Chirography, Mental Philosophy, Mathematics, Drawing, Painting etc. are requisite. Moral educatiou, teaches us our duties, relationship, and obligations to our fellow men. How to conduct ourselves with propriety in the varied conditions of life, and explains the proper modes of dealing with others in the general and particular transaction of intercourse and business. Without this guidance and knowledge we are ever in danger of doing amiss, and of rendering ourselves liable of producing unpleasant conditions, resulting adversely to our prosperity, usefulness, and happiness. If we wish success in our social and business relations, we should study Phrenology, Physiognomy, Moral Philosophy, Sociology, Biography, Etiquette, Civil Government, Trade and Commerce, Legal Business Forms, Book-keeping, Domestic Economy, General History and Literature. Spiritual or intuitional education, opens for our consideration conceptions of God, psychical law, spirit communion, and methods of development to fit us to dwell in the Father's House of many mansions, and to mingle with the spirits of the just made perfect through a consistent course of self-culture and treasure knowledge, wisdom, and understanding, in obedience to the divine law. This field embraces Music, Poetry, Sacred History, Analogy, Prescience, Psychometry, Clairvoyance, Revelation, Contemplation, Prayer, and Devotional Meetings, etc. The combined effect of these unfolded powers comprised in these grand departments of our being, forms the true and substantial basis to sustain the temple of pure and abiding religion. Pursue either exclusively to the neglect of the rest, like the* poet's chain : 'Whatever link you strike, Tenth, or ten thousandth, breaks the chain alike.' If we attend solely to the development of the physical, we grow the brute. If it be the intellectual we produce the ma- terialist. If the moral claims the attention, the result is the bigot, the sectarian. If it be the spiritual, we have the enthusiast, the fanatic, the maniac. Either taken separately and developed exclusively , will make an imperfect man or woman, whose judgments and decisions cannot be safely relied on and followed. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.