THOUGHTS OF TRUTH. THOMAS M'RAE. Each person has his ideal of happiness, and seeks it in his own way. We need frequently to be reminded, that the basis of real happiness is the practice of virtue. It is wise in us to gain the mastery of our passions and appetites. Our emotions are easily excited, and should be properly controlled. There are emotions either of tenderness or anger, either gentle or strong, either painful or pleasing. Agitations may be bodily or mental, and are frequently attended with violence. Human affections, human likes and dislikes, are changeable. The soul raised over human passions and affections, beholds eternal truths, beholds tranquillity. The soul of man is not an organ, but animates all the organs. It is not a mere faculty, but a light. It is not intellect nor the will, but master of the intellect and the will. It is very important that we should believe that we have souls, superior to mere intellect, more noble and more interior than reason itself. Reason is a noble faculty, and should be exercised in inquiries concerning Truth and concerning everything else. Without reason, there can be no religion. Religion d es not forbid the right use of reason. Impulses must not rule us; they must obey the higher reason. Our whims, caprices, and evil thoughts must be brought under the power of a strong will. Self-discipline requires of us to fix the wandering thoughts, to compel the reluctant mental energies, and to concentrate the power upon the performance of duties. Without this discipline, we will driit. liable to be carried away by currents of passion, and into whirlpools full of danger. Purity and virtue are conditions of the soul. They give us a steady purpose, and a perpetual calm. We cannot be too often reminded that the triumph over passions and lusts, over worldliness and selfishness, is more important than mere money making. Selfcontrol is more valuable to us than applause, than fame, than office, popularity, ease, or indulgence ; worth more than the cattle upon a thousand hills. Gold, pleasure buys ; but pleasure dies, For soon the gross fruition cloys ; Though raptures court; the sense is short, But virtue, kindles living joys. South Union, Ky.