RELIGION. WILLIAM G. LIBBEY. What is religion? Webster has the following as one definition: 'Religion, as distinguished from Theology, is subjective, designating the feelings and acts of men which relate to God ; while Theology is objective, and denotes those ideas of God which man entertains respecting the God whom he worships, especially his scientific and systematic views of God, as distinguished from morality.' Religion denotes the influences and motives of human duty which are found in the character and will of God ; while morality describes the duties to man which true religion always influences. What are the facts relating to its operation upon the human race from early times? Evidently, the first religionists, according to our ideas of worship, had a strange way of showing their devotion to the Supreme Ruler of the universe. We have reason for believing that human sacrifices were not uncommon in the days of the Patriarchs. It is but recently that the custom was abolished on some of the islands of Polynesia and in some parts of Hindostan. These people believed it necessary to appease their offended deities. iNovv, if these natives are descended from the Jews, why should they not offer human sacrifices as well as Abraham, Jephthah, or King Saul ? In all of this we can seem to discern a spirit of intolerance in the priesthood until the advent of our Lord and Savior. In short the relations of man to his God are mystified by the priesthood of every nation and people. The Jews from having been one of the most favored, had become the most intolerant. Josephus upbraided them at or about the time of the destruction of Jerusalem for with-holding their accustomed offerings to God in or on the altar of the temple. This is but little better than the Typee savage who places bread-fruit before his idol. To sum it up, there has been great pretense of conferring benefits on the Lord, while men have treated each other as they have found most agreeable to their selfish interest. 'How hardly shall they that are rich inherit the kingdom of God.' Jesus said, 'Clothe the naked; feed the hungry; do good for evil.' Finally, the substance of it all is practically to embody the teachings of Jesus of Nazareth, our Lord and Master. Let us grow correct relations, a pure relation ; brothers and sisters ; fathers and mothers, after the order of Jesus and Ann ; then will come the Millennium. It will be an abiding Utopia with all who keep the sayings of the Father and Mother of the new creation,—The heavenly order or the order of heaven which is purity, love, and peace. Every increase in the order of Divine life has been at the sacrifice of the order that preceded it; this is the% fulfillment of the law. Canterbury, N. H.