House and Farm Professor Threadwell, of Massachusetts... Professor Threadwell, of Massachusetts, found that a half-grown American robin in confinement ate in one day sixty eight worms, weighing together one ounce and a half, as much as the bird himself, and another had previously starved upon a daily allowance of eight or ten worms, or about twenty per cent of his own weight. In troublesome bleeding from the nose... In troublesome bleeding from the nose, snuffing up powdered alum will generally control it. It will also almost always stop excessive hemorrhage from a cavity caused by the extraction of a tooth, by being placed in it. It is not wise to go out in the early morning air before eating at least a few mouthfuls. Especially ought this precaution to be strictly observed in malarial sections, and in seasons when much sickness is over the country. Nothing can be more unwise than to go into a sick-room fasting, and when the sickness is contagious, the result may be dangerous if not fatal. Smell of Paint. —To get rid of this most objectionable odor, slice a few onions and put them in a pail of water in the center of the room; close the doors, leave the window open a little, and in s few hours the disagreeable smell will have almost gone. Another method is to plunge a handful of hay into a pailful of water, and let it stand in the newly-painted room over night. HOUSEHOLD HINTS. Ceilings that have been smoked by a kerosene lamp should be washed off with soda water. Hellebore sprinkled on the floor at night destroys cockroaches; they eat it and are poisoned. A tablespoonful of turpentine boiled with your white clothes will greatly aid the whitening process. Paste for labels is made by soaking glue in strong vinegar, then heating it to boiling and adding flour. Good fires should be kept up during housecleaning time, even though the doors and windows be kept open. A piece of stearine candle,, spermaceti or white wax as large as a robin's egg will give a nice gloss. A teaspoon of salt to each pint of starch prevents sticking. When silk has lost its gloss and becomes limpsy it may be restored by sponging with a solution of half an ounce of gum tragacanth in a pint of hot water. Painted woodwork is washed with soap and water, or a little ammonia and water on white paint. On grained work cold tea is sometimes used. Very little if any soap should be used on varnished work. In washing woodwork do not use so much water that it runs down and streaks the wood, and wipe thoroughly dry. Before re-papering a wall it is best to remove the old paper. This is a troublesome operation. Moisten a portion of the wall at a time to soften the paper and paste and then scrape it off. When it is desired to paper over a whitewashed surface, first scrape off the loose lime, fill cracks with plaster of Paris and apply with a brush a sizing made by adding eight ounces of dissolved glue to a pailful of hot water. Hard-finished walls may be washed with soap and water and wiped dry. Grease spots on wall-paper can sometimes be removed by applying a thick paste of boiling hot starch spread thickly on the spot, then allowed to dry and rubbed off with a soft cloth. Other stains may be cut out with a sharp knife and a piece of clean paper matched on. HOW TO TELL GOOD EGGS A good egg will sink in water. A boiled egg which is done will dry quickly on the shell when taken from the kettle. The boiled eggs which adhere to the shell are fresh. A fresh egg has a lime-like surface to its shell. Stale eggs are glassy and smooth of shell. Eggs which have been packed in lime look stained, and show the action of the lime on the surface. Eggs packed in bran for a long time smell and taste musty. With the aid of the hands, a piece ot paper rolled in funnel shape and held toward che light, the human eye can look through an egg, shell and all. If an egg is clear and golden in appearance when held to the light, it is good, if dark or spotted, it is bad. The badness of an egg can sometimes be told by shaking it near the holder's ear, but the test is a dangerous one. Thin shells are caused by lack of gravel, etc., among the hens laying eggs. Ex. THINGS WORTH KNOWING Castor oil will soften leather. Any tree or plant whipped by green elder branches will not be attacked by insects. Thoroughly wetting the hair once or twice a week in a weak solution of salt water will prevent it falling out A pint of mustard seed put in a barrel of cider will preserve it sweet for several months. To whiten ivory boil in lime water. Tepid water is produced by combining twothirds cold and one-third boiling. A mixture of oil and ink is good to clean kid boots; the first softens and the latter blackens them. Carelessness in changing the underclothing at night accounts for the coarse complexion of many girls. No person in health should drink more than two or three pints of any liquid daily. A solution of cyanide of potassium is the best poison to kill insects of any kind. Faint should be varnished, because it is then more easily cleaned Sprigs of wintergreen or ground ivy will drive away ants ; branches of wormwood will serve the same purpose for black ants. Truckee Republican.