A VISION. NO. 2. (Continued from last number.) S.—asked me if I wished to see H.— I said I should like to see her. She then took me across the hall to the only room on that side-. On entering, I exclaimed, 'Whatsoever a person soweth that also shall he reap.' The loom was small but I saw a long flight of stairs in the center, and II.—sitting near the top. H.—said. Is this you? 'Of course it is,' said she, answering me in a very coarse voice. Her form was emaciated ; her face bore the marks of anguish, and long suffering. Her complexion was quite dark, and her voice much changed. I was startled at her first remark. Why are you here, said I? She answered, quite abruptly, 'I have just reached this place. I suppose I shall be obliged to go to the first stair some time.' How long has it taken you to get so far? She replied;—'Ever since I came here.' I am glad to see you, said I, but sorry that you feel so disagreeable. 'I am quite willing you should,' said she.. What makes you look so sickly and poor? She looked up sharply and replied,— 'Eat your food and regard the Laws of Health.' S.—then whispered to me.—-Ask her if she anticipated comfort after death. 'I did,' replied H.—':I expected great happiness, but I have been condemned ever since I came.' Why did you die while so young? She answered me rather impatiently, 'If you regard the advice of friends you will shun much sorrow.' I told her that her answers were not wholly satisfactory. She replied, 'Humbly acknowledge your faults, maintain the truth and do not live for station, or a worldly name as I have.' This was a lesson, O how my soul sorrowed at the sad sight. What do you have for employment? said I. 'Learn to be humble. I suppose I must go to the bottom of the stairs,' At the foot of them I saw nothing but a small entry. I turned to S.—and said, I would like to go home. I could not refrain from tears, and asked S.— Why is all this? She answered, 'You have seen the condition of souls who came to an untimely death. They did not walk in the light of God, nor learn to love the truth. H.—must find her union and relation to the spirit of God by walking in the valley of humiliation and repentance, and these stairs indicate the little steps which every one must take. You must be careful of your health, not go beyond your strength, attend regularly to your meals, for you need health of body and mind to be able to bear the cross of Christ. I want you to be a permanent pillar in the Zion of our God. I then asked S.—to pray with me, and I poured forth my feelings of thankfulness to my Heavenly Father that I have been blessed to see these things while in this life.