To all whom it may concern; we send... Shakers, Sept. 1883. To all whom it may concern ; we send greeting, in a spirit of true Christian Love and fellowship. We have a true and abiding unitary home, where a solid releasement from the shackles of sin and ruinous habits is to be enjoyed, and where you may be, all the time, engaged in doing good for others ;—the only situation in this or any other life, where one can 'see the travel of his soul and be satisfied.' Do you want to feel at peace with God and all men ? That boon is to be found iu our Shaker Home, by an honest confession of all sin and heavenly repentance for the same; and subsequently and perpetually by a sincere adherence,— 1, to the principles of Celibacy—Community—and non-resistance.—2, to a practical obedience to the rules and regulations, instituted to restrain the passions and protect man from his continual self-injuries through the prevalence of his selfish, rudimental condition. Nothing is more necessary in Heaven or Earth than some plan of salvation by which man may be protected from himself and here we have it not only in theory, but practically carried out to the comfort and glory of every one who sincerely puts these principles and rules in faithful practical requisition from day to day and year to year. Would you be glad to walk with God in the cool of the day, when all the toils and conflicts are over and gone and peace and consolation alone, reign triumphant, with a superadded assurance of a glorious and supernal home in the halcyon hereafter? Here in our tranquil Shaker Home is to be found these unspeakable blessings and beatitudes as has been proven and witnessed to, by thousands of Believers within the last ¦century, who have come into this sequestered retreat, sowed the seed of a Holy life—reaped the Harvest and gone to their final rest in the mansions prepared by the Heavenly Father and Mother. There must be many sorrowful ones in the world who, 'even as the servant desireth the shadow' (that he may be relieved from his toil—his weariness— his sorrow) who are this instant longing and yearning for the fellowship of peace and rest from the sins and shams of a rudimental world, and waiting for the illuminations of love and mercy from on high to reach, comfort and bless them ; and point them to a Holy Retreat, from the cruel storms and disappointments of life. To all such we say here is that Beautiful Home ; and it is waiting for you, to receive, bless and comfort you. The very place the rapt prophet of old saw, when he exclaimed, 'And the ransomed of the Lord shall return and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads ; they shall obtain joy and gladness and sorrow and sighing shall flee away.' Therefore come and partake of the waters of life freely. O. C. Hampton.