SPIRIT OF THANKFULNESS How few are those persons who rightly appreciate and feel truly thankful for what are termed common blessings. The loss ot hearing or of sight is rightly considered a great calamity, a grievous affliction, yet how many pass through life who suffer from one or the other of these crosses, or perhaps have crippled limbs, or even are fc without them! A philosopher who was complaining because he had no shoes to his feet was immediately cured of his murmurings of a kind Providence, by meeting with a poor fellow who had no feet at all. We can be placed in but few situations in life where we shall not find others worse off than ourselves, giving us reason for being contented with our lot. Laura Bridgeman, well known as the blind, deaf and dumb girl few would imagine could be satisfied with her hard lot: Yet she is contented and happy, reads, writes and converses with those around her, and teaches a lesson of patience, meekness and humble submission to the will of Providence that we would all do well to learn and imitate. If a person deprived of the use of one of his faculties had reason to complain, how much greater reason has this poor girl who has lost all that to us makes life desirable ! Yet she can be cheerful, playful and resigned. Then let us never murmur at the dispensations of a kind Providence, knowing that we all receive greater blessings than we deserve. Milton was blind many years before his death, but instead of mourning and repining, he considered the affliction in the light of a blessing, and God made it a blessing to him, May we be more thankful for the common blessings of life, for the air we breathe and the flowers that open in our path, the blue sky above, and the rich verdure beneath our feet. Let us rejoice that we have eyes to see and drink in all the beauty around us, and ears to hear the melody of the birds, the music of the winds among the bows of the trees, and the gentle voices of much loved friends, and that all our faculties are kindly preserved to us. Thank God for all. these blessings lest He deem us unworthy of them, and take them from us. When gone forever we should regret we had not prized them as we ought when they were ours. Selected.