CONTENTMENT. CONTENTMENT. Very much of the evil of life is imaginary, not real. Our fears, our disquietudes, very much modify our joys, and alloy our pleasure. We fail to appreciate the blessings which surround us. The expectations of the future prevent our present enjoyment. It is what we are to be, what we are to have, not what we are, or now have, which lays the foundation for our joys and pleasures; we are constantly anticipating without necessarily realizing. We very rarely fully realize our hopes ; many of our fondest expectations are but bubbles which 'disappear at the touch. Life is fruitful in suggestions of the future ; youth looks forward to manhood with the most pleasant anticipations—the realization does not furnish the satisfaction that was fondly hoped for. There is much of the ideal in our mental structure, and the period of manhood or womanhood, the pleasures of the afterward, are those which we longingly covet. We live much in the future—what we are going to be, what we are going to do. The gratification of our desires, when, as we suppose, we will be more under our own control, is that which inspires our soul with hope, and nerves us on for the present activities of life. That there are pleasures thus possessed, none will question. Imagination has its proper place in our mental constitution, and we would not in any way rob it of its legitimate fruits. It is pleasant, very pleasant to live in the future, in fond anticipation of future blessed realizations. But we all fail in much of the enjoyment of this life for want of a contented spirit, a want of appreciation of the constant occurring, recurring, and passing events of this life. We have our social, domestic, political, and religious privileges and blessings, and each and all of these we may enjoy, some more, .some less, and we are much nearer equalized in the circumstances of our existence than may at all times seem manifest to us. In the providence of God, we all have our sources of enjoyment, and they are all adapted to the circumstances and conditions of our existence. The millionaire, with all his wealth and earthly treasure, is not, in consequence of his possessions, by any means a happier man than the humble artisan who enjoys health and has all that is necessary to meet his wants. Indeed, the common laborer may really be a happier man than the millionaire. But we constantly covet—and it seems natural we should—the supposed more favored condition of others, while it, probably, is a fact that a change of condition would add to our discomfort and misery. It is probable, if not certain, that in all cases where there is a proper regard for the laws of nature, and the laws of society, with proper care and industry, that our condition in life is just what it ought to be to secure our individual good; and th t is the design of a beneficent Providence, that it should be promotive of our present good and future well-being. It will he found, upon a careful survey of the matter, all things considered, that the circumstances of life are much nearer equal thiin generally supposed. The man who received ir.U one talent from his Lord, had he properly used it. would have enjoyed life equally as mueli, and been as meritorious, us bo who received ten. When much is given, much is required, and where little is given, little is required, and it is as difficult properly to use one talent, when we have but one as to manage ten, if ten be given us. It is manifest that we cannot all be millionaires, cannot all lie President.of the United States, cannot all be members of Congress, or managers of railroads. Now, true philosophy would teach us to be eont-nted with our lot, seeking always to make the best possible use of all our resources to improve our condition in life—thus having our contentment a continual fea.-t, and, to our mind, it was designed that it should be so. There is no reason why each and all of us may not fully accomplish the special object of our being, as well as those who seemingly are accomplishing very much more good than we are. The Bible says: 'Godliness with contentment is great gain.' What is meant by this great gain we cannot say; but it is certain that we will escape very much of the sorrows of life, be very much more joyful, and have very much more pleasure if we learn to feel contented with our lot, provided we have tried to make it as good as we could. The experiment is worth a trial. Selected.