SHAKERS. Some one has sent us the following extract from a notice about the Shakers. It is interesting, but not without its quota of errors. Writers are inclined to add to such accounts a few items for their own pleasure. 1. They kneel in the morning by the side of the bed as soon as they arise, and the same before they lie down, and before and after each meal. 2. The brethren and sisters generally eat at the same time, at two long tables, placed in the kitchen, men at one and women at the other; sitting on benches and all silent. They go to their meals walking in order, one directly after the other. The head of the family, or elder, takes the lead of the men, and one, called elder sister, takes the lead of the women. 3. Several women are employed in cooking and waiting on the table, being relieved weekly by others. 4. It is according to the gift, or order, for all to endeavor to keep things in order. 5. Indolence and carelessness, they say, are directly opposite to the gospel and order of God. 6. Cleanliness in every respect is strictly enforced. 7. It is contrary to order, even to spit on the floor. 8. A dirty, careless, slovenly or indolent person cannot travel in the way of God or be religious. 9. It is contrary to order to talk loud, to shut doors hard, to rap at a door for admittance, or to make a noise in any respect. 10. Even when walking the floor, they must be careful not to make a noise with their feet. 11. They go to bed at nine o'clock and rise at from four to five. All that are in health go to work about sunrise. In-door mechanics, in the winter, work by candle light. Each one follows such employment as the deacon appoints for him. 12. Every man and woman must be employed and work steadily and moderately. 13. When sick they receive the kindest care and attention. 14. When a man is sick, if there is a woman among the sisters who was his wife before he believed, she, if in health, nurses and waits upon him. BEMA.RKS. Number one could not be changed for the better, as that is a correct statement in reference to the custom of kneeling for prayer. 2. The Brethren and Sisters, generally, take their meals at the same time, but in large families this rule has many exceptions. As some families are 270 THE MANIFESTO. obliged to accommodate from forty to fifty persons at one time, it requires a large hall for the dining tables. There may be families, that still retain the primitive bench, but those that prefer chairs provide them and in many Societies the chairs have been used for more than fifty years. The Shakers do not engage in conversation at the table, but as waiters are in constant attendance, if anything should be wanted it is referred to them. Conversation during the time of eating is open to many objections. We think that order is the first and best law, and that in going to and from meals it should be carefully regarded. Disciplined men and women have a care in this respect, even in private families. A company of forty or more persons, entering the dining room at one time, certainly have need to walk in order, to prevent confusion and disrespect. 8. As no two families may have the same domestic arrangements, this can refer to only one place. 4. Number four is stated very correctly. 5. Too much cannot be said against Indolence and Carelessness, and we are glad to have it known that we are still able to maintain a living testimony against these evils, and in favor of Carefulness and Industry. 6. and 7. It is a sad comment on the manners of the day that the Shakers are obliged to protect themselves by such a rule of discipline. Contrary to order to spit on the floor. We would like to see the same notice in other places besides the Shaker Village, and we may hope that the neatness of a future generation may warrant us in looking for something better. 8. This is very good whether a Shaker said it or not. 'A word to the wise is sufficient.' A dirty Christian would, certainly, be more objectionable than a Pagan who observed personal cleanliness. 9. This belongs largely to the reporter. The Shakers would teach that the cultivation of gentle manners should be the guide in regard to conversation, opening and shutting of doors, and in rapping for admittance at the doors of other people. A coarse, noisy fellow who may construe all marks of propriety as being subject to some special order, forgets that his crudeness is obnoxious and his p; esence distasteful. 10. Walking is also a matter for cultivation. Heavy walking and scuffling across the floor should be avoided. A man of manners may be known very readily by his walk across the floor of a dwelling. Over the door of the Shaker school-room in Enfield, N. H. is this gentle hint,—'Walt gently and open doors carefully.' 11. While it may be correct that in some Societies the hour for retirement is at nine o'clock, it does not follow that every family of Shakers is governed by the same set of rules. The Shakers are expected to use good common sense in the regulation of their families and arrange their hour of retiring to rest and for rising in the morning to meet the best interests of their families. 12. 'Hands at work and heart to God,' is the Shaker watch-word. All are expected to be industrious and attend to their respective duties as faithful members of Society. Go not in the way of temptation, and to avoid this, find something that is useful in which to be employed. 13. We accept the truthfulness of this remark. 14. The Reporter is responsible for number fourteen, which must be taken with some grains of allowance, as he probably at this time fell into his own states. H. C. Blinn.