NOTES. This number of the Manifesto... This number of the Manifesto remind us of the end of another year, and a the same time of the closing of Vol XIII. Our swift passage through th varied changes of the twelve months ha kept busy, willing bauds and hearts, in the multiplied duties of life. Whethe we have done much or little in our ef forts to diffuse light in the world, mus be left for some future date to deter mine. To have done our duty faithfully, in accordance with our best understanding of right is all that heaven or earth can reasonably expect. The Manifesto will, certainly, anticipate a favorable report from all its readers, for where much is given, much in return will be required. That our little paper in its simplicity, in its truthfulness and in its loving kindness has preached and prayed aud sung to the joy of thousands, is on' ly saying that to which so many have already borne witness. And yet we may not at all times and in all ways be able to accomplish even what our hearts desire. We can, however, in our simplicity give ft eely to God and to humanity, our best gifts, trusting that like the seed of the sower, of which we read in the parable, some will most assuredly fall on good ground and in God's time spring up unto everlasting life. 'Cast thy bread upon the waters, for thou shalt find it after many days.' Even these assurances of reward from nature, should stimulate the Christian worker to renewed efforts and awaken new life with more zeal and strongerconfidence in the spirit of God, to accept every opportunity to publish the good news of peace and righteousness throughout the earth. Since the first number of the first volume of the Shaker paper the Believers have published a testimony which has its foundation in the spirit of Christ, and in the practical and self-denying life of Jesus. Certainly we have no need to be ashamed. Articles have been brought forward that are the embodiment of truth, full and sound to the center. The writers have been blessed in their sacrifices and in their offerings of good gifts, while the readers have been abundantly blessed in their rich and bountiful harvest. Even the children have enjoyed the pleasure of a department in our paper and their labors for the good of the cause have not been in vain. With a little care, a little patience and a little self-denial they have afforded us many a pleasant page. Expecting more and more we shall not for a moment think that the youth and children can ever disappoint us. Some beautiful articles, selected from Books and Papers have been received Prom time to time. Care should be taken to mark all such contributions that due credit may be given to the authors or to the publishers. We should wish to do by others as we would that they should do by us under like circumstances.