GIVING ALL, EDNAH E. FITTS. 'Thou shalt love the Lord with all thy heart, mind, might and strength.' True love brings forth the fruits of service, and when our time, talents, possessions and affections are given to God, there is nothing left with which to feed selfish love and interest. Yet, how often do those who claim to be followers of Christ, limit the bounds of sacrifice, thus acting the part which brought death to Ananias and Sapphira. From early records to those of the present day we have evidence of the proneness of human judgment to exalt itself above the guidings of the power it claims to serve. When the spirit call comes to the soul: 'Arise, slay and spare not,' how quickly we calculate upon a reserve of what we hold dear, and laying aside our pledge of full consecration, take the judgment into our hands, saying it is neither wisdom nor justice to surrender all. Acting from this standpoint, when we seek the blessing, we may be asked, ''What meaneth then this bleating of the sheep in mine ears, and the lowing of the oxen which I hear ?' I. Sam. xv, 14. Why the ruling of earthly elements and passions where the spirit of love, truth and purity should alone bear sway ? When the young man came to inquire of Jesus, what he should do to inherit eternal life, Jesus said, 'If thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments.' The young man told Jesus he had kept these from his youth, but Jesus said, 'If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor ;' share with others the blessings of this life which thou hast inherited more than they, and 'thou shalt have treasure in heaven, and come and follow me.' But the young man went away sorrowful thus proving the truth of the Savior's words, 'Ye cannot serve God and mammon,' for 'where the treasure is, there will the heart' or motive power of the life, 'be also.' As the seed we sow produces after its kind, so the principle ot consecration will yield to us the fullness of blessing promised by our Savior, 'an hundred fold now in this time, and in the world to come eternal life.' Canterbury, N. II.