RELIGION. EMILY OFFORD. Much has been said and written upon this subject, and many explanations have been given ; still we reach forth, inquire, investigate and search for deeper knowledge; for something more reliable and satisfactory. The human heart is ever aspiring, constantly desiring and hoping for something better in the future than the present reveals ; and this ceaseless yearning is the great motor which drives forward the car of human progress. St. Paul said, that pure and undefiled religion, was to visit the sick, the widow and the fatherless. Very plain and practical doctrine, and one that people are more willing to accept, when in want, than the dry husks of theological creeds and ceremonies. True religion consists in purity of heart, and holiness of life, and they who possess it strictly observe the golden rule, and thus fulfill the law of love in all their dealings toward their fellow creatures. Its design being to purify the heart, and give health and strength to the body, the extent of its influence may be estimated by its legitimate effect in producing a life of practical righteousness. But the human mind, prior to experience and development, is weak and fluctuating, when the current of life flows deep and strong, and surrounding circumstances are such as tend to heighten ambition and intensify zeal, then the fire of enthusiasm burns brightly, and the soul is impelled rapidly onward. But, during our earthly existence we are liable to meet with reverses of fortune, the tide of life ebbs as well as flows, fires consume and floods destroy; and there are times when every effort for advancement seems baffled by some opposing force visible or invisible, and what shall sustain the soul under these circumstances ? Nothing short of the power of true religion is able to do it,such as imbued the character of our blessed Savior, and which was so perfectly exemplified by him when at Gethsemane, '0 my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me :' and then buoyed up by this blessed power he added, 'nevertheless not as I will, but as Thou wilt.' But how is this obtained? Amid the din and busy hum of life, and the great and over-reaching demands of mortals for material tilings, the accumulation of which takes so much strength and time, that very little if any is left for spiritual culture and growth, although there has ever been a desire, growing out of the necessity thereof for such time. Hence, the institution of the Sabbath, and the provision made for the assembling together of persons desiring such privileges. Various modes of worship have been devised by the human race, all of which undoubtedly have been intended to give expression to the deepest religious feelings of the soul, for the purpose of producing a better character. It may fall short of this when it leavens into a dry sentimentality, destitute of the spirit. Like a shell devoid of the egg, or the husk without the kernel, it lacks the substance and therefore fails to satisfy the immortal part, the soul. The same causes produce the same effects in every place however often they may be repeated. God's laws are immutable and no person or community can escape the operation of them. Religious observances are indispensable to spiritual growth. True worship is independent of time and place, arising as it does from the pure in heart at all times and in all places. Forms, ceremonies and external arrangements when so conducted as to be the true exponents of the inner life, afford blessed opportunities for the expansion of the divine, and give a foretaste of that bliss which we may enjoy when our whole being is brought under perfect subjection to the higher or spiritual part; or, as it may be expressed, where the law of love predominates, and the 'blessed power of true religion' prompts every thought, word and action. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.