THE REWARD nancy G. danforth When Jesus was asked by the rich man what he must do to inherit eternal life, his reply was, The lirst thing to be done, is to sell and to give to the needy, all your selfish, private property. You cannot receive the blessing you seek, or live the life of self-denial which I live, while you are encumbered with earthly cares and anxieties. When you have parted with every thing, that claims your attention alone and beyond the work which I am called to perform, then follow me, live as I live, daily denying yourself for the good of others, being willing to lay down your natural life, if need be, rather than deny the anointing power, which rests upon me for the salvation of humanity. It is by following this advice that eternal life is obtained. What is eternal life? Does it consist in standing around a great white throne bowing and singing psalms through all eternity? Is there nothing more ? The throne of God in every man is his conscience, and when strictly obedient to its dictates according to light and truth, he is worshiping at the throne of God, no matter what honest labor employs his hands. Peter speaks of having left all to follow Christ, then asks what shall be the reward? Jesus says : To these who have followed me in the regeneration (not generation) shall be granted to sit on thrones judging others and again, they are to be ' kings and priests,' still farther in the parable, to those who had wisely improved the Teacher's gift, after being commended, were gLven more duties, as the care of five or ten cities. These things are verj signifi THE MANIFESTO. 17 cant, first, showing that we shall not be idle after our earthly labors have closed; secondly, that probation does not cease with our mortal existence. The very titles, King, Priest, or Judge implies onerous duties, as the welfare of a kingdom ministering at the altar, to discern between right and wrong ; so to decide wisely in all cases of equity. These duties bring care and burden, not a condition of ease. Those servants were examined and having been found faithful in their stewardship they were rewarded accordingly. Thus it seems to be self evident that we are to work for souls after entering spirit life ; for were there no sacrifice of what use is the office of Priest? 80 also of the offices of King and Judge. Should any say these promises are fulfilled in this life, we would ask where the twelve Apostles sat on 'twelve thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel? ' This is what Christ declared they should do. They suffered cruel persecution until they yielded their lives in the hands )f their enemies. They had no throne but the throne of martyrdom. Still we believe the promises will be verified, not only to the Apostles, but to every faithful soul. God grant we may merit the reward. Canterbury, N. H.