Sanitary HOW TO PRESERVE THE EYESIGHT [From The Herald of Health] The editor of the Huntsville, Ala., Democrat, who has passed his three score years without the use of eye-glasses, and can still, with his natural eyes, read fine print, wishes to give other people nearing the sere and yellow leaf the benefit of his ocular experience. Therefore, he tells them that in 1865 he found his eyesight failing, indicated by dark specks flitting over the page and a hazy appearance of the letters when he was reading. Remembering to have heard his mother say that exPresident John Quincy Adams (who lived to about 80 years) had preserved his eyesight and read without glasses by pressing the outer and inner corners of the eye together, the editor tried the experiment. After retiring to his bed at night, he has, ever since the fall of 1875, before going to sleep, pressed gently together the outer and inner corner of each eye between the thumb and fore-finger of the of the hand corresponding to the right and left eye, applying equal, simultaneous pressure to both eyes. Or, using but one hand, he has put the middle finger on his fore-head above his nose and pressed together the cor- ners of one between the thumb and forefinger, and the corners of the other eye between the third and fourth fingers, striving to give equal pressure to both eyes. The philosophy of the experiment is explained in this way : As people pass the middle age, there is said to be (and we believe it) a tendency of the balls of the eye to lose their convexity—in common parlance, to flatten. The habitual pressure of the outer and inner corners of the eyes together prevents flattening, and thereby preserves the original normal convexity of the eyes, and thereby the original power of seeing. Near-sighted persons are exceptions to the rule. Their near-sightedness (as we un 20 THE MANIFESTO. derstand) is caused by too great convexity of the eye. Oftentimes, as they advance in years, their eyes flatten; that is, lose their original convexity, and become more nearly like the good eyes of young people, and they can see better without glasses, and lay them aside. Whether our philosophical explanation is right or wrong, this one thing we know, that whereas we, over seventeen years ago, were losing our original power of seeing, now, by the manipulation of our eyes as above explained, we can see clearly without the use of glasses, we can read small print almost, if not quite, as well as in our youth, while men and women many years our juniors, some of them our near blood relatives, who have not resorted to our mode of improving the eyesight, are compelled to use glasses. Believing it our duty to mankind to do them all the good we can, we overcome our native modesty about writing of ourself by the consideration that we may benefit others by relating our own experience. The reason why both eyes should be subjected to the equal simultaneous pressure is, that to see clearly, both eyes should behold objects at the same focal distance, and this cannot be if the two eyes have not the same convexity. If the two eyes should see objects at different distances, the object would present different images on the two retinae of the eyes, and produce a confusion of images, and, of course, impair distinct vision. Instances occur of persons who have a natural infirmity of the eyes with different foci—one eye seeing at one focal distance, the other seeing at another focal distance. In such cases oculists provide eye-glasses of different foci, so accommodated as to correct the natural defect and make both eyes see alike THE INFLUENCE OF CHEERFULNESS ON HEALTH HENRY REYNOLDS, M. D. [From the Phrenological Journal.] Cheerfulness exerts an important influence upon the health as well as contributing much to the happiness of mankind. The cheerful man, woman, or child is more likely to be healthy than the gloomy one. Cheerfulness promotes digestion of the food, quickens the circulation of the blood, and facilitates the proper performance of all the healthy functions of the body. The food eaten with pleasant companions is less likely to disagree with the dyspeptic than that eaten in solitude. Some dyspeptic persons have often remarked, that when dining with friends and agreeable acquaintances, whose com- panionship cheered them, they might eat freely, without subsequent harm, of substances which were sure to occasion distress when eaten at home alone. Not a few have noticed that when feeling despondent or feeble while alone at home, the arrival of pleasant acquaintances, or a visit to friends, would at once make them cheerful and cause them to feel like new creatures. If short seasons of cheerfulness will do so much for improving the condition of a person's health, it is easily conceivable that habitual cheerfulness would be a potent means of maintaining a constant state of healthfulness and physical enjoyment. It may be urged, however, that good health promotes cheerfulness, and, consequently, instead of cheerfulness being the cause of good health, it may be the consequence. It is true, that good health is conducive to cheerfulness, yet there may be good health without cheerfulness. The two, howeve*1, have been designed by nature to be intimately associated. Every healthy child is generally cheerful and happy. So universally is this the rule, that many are disposed to regard childhood as the most enjoyable period of human existence, and regret that they are no more to experience the pleasant joys of youth. The child, however, has its troubles and sorrows, but is more cheerful than those of a ' larger growth ' simply because it sooner forgets its griefs and gives itself to the enjoyment of the pleasant things of its existence. The child is really a better philosopher than the man, and, consequently, rinds more enjoyment in life, thus preserving its cheerfulness. Some persons are notably more cheerful than others. For those who are naturally cheerful, it seems easy for them to maintain their cheerfulness ; but, how are the naturally gloomy to put on cheerfulness? Will cheerfulness come at the bidding? The despondent can not become cheerful by willing THE MANIFESTO. 21 it. The proper conditions must be complied with, and cheerfulness comes as its result. Well directed efforts promote the attainment of cheerfulness. The mind must resolutely put aside corroding cares, keep aloof from worry, and take a hopeful view of the future. The mind may be active and devoted to the business of life, and yet so hold itself that life shall be full of cheerfulness. The cheerful mind is more likely to succeed in life than the gloomy one. Cheerfulness strengthens the power of mind as well as the body, and the cheerful mind is better able to cope with the difficulties of life than the gloomy mind is. The man who is busily engaged in business does not need to shut out cheerfulness from his life in order to succeed; on the contrary, by so doing he is less likely to succeed. By persistent effort every one may attain to a fair degree of cheerfulness. Well-directed efforts are almost sure to be crowned with success. Every one who will, may be cheerful. Cheerfulness is one of the good things of life and is well worth possessing. Ralph Waldo Emerson well said : 'The best part of health is a fine disposition. ' It is more essential than talent, even in works of talent. Nothing will supply the want of sunshine to peaches ; and to make knowledge valuable, you must have the wisdom of cheerfulness. Whenever you are sincerely pleased, you are nourished. The joy of the spirit indicates its strength. All healthy things are sweettempered. Genius works in sport, and goodness smiles to the last; and, for that reason, whoever sees the law which distributes things, does not despond, but is animated to great desires and endeavors. He who desponds, betrays that he has not seen it. As we advance in years and in knowledge from youth upwards, instead of becoming less cheerful, as is frequently the case, we should become more cheerful. Cheerfulness not only best promotes health, but it also facilitates success in all of our undertakings, besides contributing to the enjoyment of life.