IN MEMORY OF ELDER ROBERT M. WAGAN ELSIE H. MCFARLAND ' He crossed in the starlight gray and cold, And the pale mists hid him i'rom mortal view. ' Onward the boatman came, regardless of our prayers and entreaties, regardless of our ceaseless watching and thoughtful care, and quickly transferred our brother across the dark river to the other shore. Up the shining way he went, to the golden gate, and passed in with a glad welcome from myriad voices of those who had long claimed him as a kindred spirit and co-worker in the cause of purity, truth and humanity. Hand clasped hand, as brother met brother, in that sphere of fraternal love, where temptation and sin are not permitted to enter. In early life, a guiding hand from this spirit sphere, turned the thoughts, feelings and spiritual aspirations of our departed brother; away from the inharmonies of earth life, away from the strifes and ambitions of a merely worldly existence, to the cause which he so heartily espoused, and for which he so long and faithfully labored. As a child he was tractable and teachable, as a youth he was kind, courteous, loving and obedient; as a man, his noble qualities of head and heart were manifest in all that he said and did. Abroad he always showed himself the true Christian gentleman. In business with the children of this world, he was prompt and decided, and honest to the last farthing, yet friendly and affable. At home we had reason to bless him every hour. To the children and youth he was a kind, tender, loving brother, never too tired, or too hurried or worried to say a pleasant word, or present some little token of appreciation, that was helpful and encouraging. To the aged he was particularly deferential and respectful, looking after their interests, anticipating their wants, and ever striving to make them feel that they were a blessing. In temporal things we leaned on him as on a staff that could never fail us. As a leader we were sure he would never lead us astray. As a teacher we had implicit confidence in the truths he taught. As a brother the best beloved. All about us lie tokens of his tender love and care. On every hand are evidences of his ability to scatter blessings in the pathway of those under his charge. Self was ignored, and selfish interests and selfish motives found no place in his noble soul. Each year was a well rounded period in a life well spent. Farewell brother, though our cup of affliction is brimming over. Rest beneath the shadow of the Tree of Life and we will toil encouraged by thy bright example and beautiful life of entire consecration. Safe beyond the rolling tide—safe from mortal suffering— safe from temptation—safe from the power of sin—safe in the companionship of angelic guides who will minister to thy every need— safe in thy Father's house of many mansions—safe in a home of perfect purity and love, we will leave thee. With sorrowing hearts we must say farewell,—dear brother, farewell. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.