MARRIAGE DANIEL FRAZER Marriage is not a Christian Institution. Why? Those who marry, fulfill the desires of the flesh and of the mind. ' Any man who will be my disciple., let him take up his cross daily. ' Against what? Against the lusts of the flesh and of the mind. ' The flesh lusteth against the spirit, and the spirit against the flesh ; these are contrary the one to the other. ' ' Ye cannot serve two masters. ' Marriage is not a Christian Institution. Why? Because Community of goods cannot be maintained therein. Marriage is cot a Christian Institution. It is an animal one. All animals marry. It is of the world. The children of this world marry, etc. But those who are resurrected into newness of life, do not marry. 'I am the resurrection and the life ; ' all who come unto me in that life, I will in no wise cast off. Those who for Christ's sake—for the higher life's sake, forsake the marriage order, with its private relationships and property, shall have in my kingdom of communal life an hundred fold. Marriage is not a Christian Institution ; the Law of the marriage order is ' Me and Mine.' Touch me and mine and I will light. The Law of Communal life is, 'Each shall care for others: And each to each shall bend; And all shall fare alike, Hence wars shall have an end. ' Marriage is not a Christian Institution. It is an Adamic one. Its function is to multiply and replenish the earth. The order of Christ's kingdom is to harvest the earth. ' An angel came out of the temple crying with a THE MANIFESTO. great voice to him who sat on the white cloud. Send forth thy sickle and reap, for the harvest of the earth is over ripe. And he who sat on the cloud cast his sickle upon the earth, and the earth was reaped. From the foregoing', we find, that virgin purity is the order of Christ's kingdom. The order of marriage is not purity, therefore, it is not a Christian Institution. Even should that older become perfected, it would still be of the earth, earthy. It will ever remain under the Law of carnal or animal commandment. ' Multiply and replenish etc.' Should the perfected man and woman come up to the standard of puri-ity manifested by the animal creation, they will do well; but let them not presume to enter the Holy of Holies. Animal life—emotions, have no place therein. Angelic purity, communal life, and divine emotions, can alone enter and abide in the Holy of Holies. The law of the order of Christ's kingdom is'' The love of others, at the expense of self;' and its temporal procedure corresponds thereto. ' Unto this last, ¦even as unto thee, will I give a penny.' All shall fare alike, as in the virgin order of the Shaker church. The Law of the marriage order, as generally manifested, is, ' The love of self, at the ex- pense of the neighbor. ' Therefore it is not a Christian Institution. Its temporal procedure, is to monopolize the productive forces of creation for selfish end?. And thus prevents the possibility vof all, to fare alike. Turn the marriage order round and round; and gather up all the facts; and they are found to point but in one direction. That Marriage is not a Christian Institution. Private property is inseparably connected with the marriage order. Monopoly, Wages, Slavery, and War ; is the trinity of that order. The Gentile, or Pagan Christian Church (so called) married, and held slaves. It was not a branch, was not an integral part of the Pentecostal Church. They were distinct bodies ; the latter merely allowed and tolerated the former, as an outer court. The Pagan Church was composed of foolish Galatians, carnal Corinthians, of heterogeneous materialists. The Greek, the Roman, and Protestant churches of today, are made up of just such materials. They are the lineal descendants of said Pagan Church, and within the folds of their drapery is found 'The sum of all villainies,'— monopoly of the elements of human subsistence. War, Usury, Wages, Slavery and Sexual Abominations. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.