THE SHAKERS AGNES E. NEWTON Wk occasionally find, in the periodicals of the day, candid descriptions of this people and their religious belief, by those who have, or are, honestly investigating the same. We also find the most absurd articles written by those who have made, as they state, a visit of two hours or more to some Shaker Settlement ; and from this brief acquaintance attempt to describe a people, of whom they know so little. Whether the Shakers are at fault for the wide spread ignorance concerning themselves, or whether as Paul declared to the Corinthians : The natural man discerneth not the things of the Spirit of God, we will not attempt to decide ; but will make reference to the question so often asked. ' Do the Shakers consider themselves the only true Christians?' The word Christian, clearly defined, signifies, one whose life inwardly and outwardly comports with the doctrines of THE MANIFESTO. Christ. Wherever individuals of this class are found, whether within, or without the pale of the Church, we must acknowledge them to be the followers of Christ. He declared, My kingdom is not of this world, My disciples will not engage in the pratice of war. We infer from this, that he intended his followers to be advocates of the principle of practical peace. How different from the testimony of ( hrist, was the course pursued by Constantiue, who through scenes of blood and carnage, established himself at the head of the so called Christian Church. How unlike the cross of the meek and lowly Jesus, was the interpretation which he rendered concerning the one that appeared to him in a dream. The forsaking of all the selfish relations ; which constitute the generative earthly life, was clearly enjoined by Christ upon those who would be his followers. 'He that forsaketh not all that he hath cannot be my disciple. ' Observe the comforting promise made, by him, to those who had made this sacrifice for the Kingdom of God's sake. Luke, xviii., 21), 30. Again, 'Anew commandment I give unto you, that ye love one another as I have loved you. ' John, xiii., 34. The words of the poet in the 'Vision of Echard' harmonize with this beautiful text. ' Who counts his brother's welfare As sacred as his own; And loves, forgives and pities He serveth me alone. ' This is a faithful criterion, by which churches and individuals may be judged. Where this evidence of discipleship is wanting, has the testimony and life of Christ been fully recognized? The Shakers have accepted the Christ life while upon earth, as did Jesus, who himself declared, 'Strait is the a;ate, and narrow is the way that leadeth uutr&gt; life, and few there be that find it.' Matt, vii., 14. Canterbury, N. H.