THOMAS FLOYD C. FIELD Thomas was a faithful follower of Jesus, although by some he is called the doubting disciple, yet among all of the disciples of Jesus there was not one who obeyed his mandates more willingly than Thomas. His doubts were the results that would naturally follow, a man of deep thought and careful investigation. Comparatively speaking we know but little of his life, but wherever he is spoken of we can not help but admire his spiritual heroism, and all Believers can undoubtedly see that his obedience to Jesus is worthy of emulation. The first notice we have of Thomas was the speech he made when Jesus had concluded to face the dangers which awaited him, in Judea, on his journey to Bethany. Previous to this the Jews in Judea were about to stone him but he escaped the danger by going beyond Jordan. While teaching in that region the sisters of Lazarus sent word to Jesus that their brother was sick. After remaining two days he said to his disciples 'Let us go into Judea again.' But his disciples began to oppose him; they said 'Master, the Jews of late sought to stone thee and goest thou thither again?' Yea, here were chosen disciples of Jesus coming up in opposition against him seemingly forgetting that he was the lead that should be obeyed. Thomas joined them not in their opposition. He had too much faith in Jesus as his spiritual guide to oppose him in any particular. 'Let us also go that we may die with him, ' were the heroic words expressed by Thomas. What faith he must have had in the Bridegroom of the regeneration, willing even to sacrifice his own life if by so doing he was acting in obedience to the wishes of his Master and leader. If all Avho dwell within Zion's walls were obedient to the will of God, and had faith in the Bridegroom and Bride as the foundation pillars on which rests the new heavens and the new earth, and possessed the courage and heroism of Thomas, Zion's walls would again shake with the power of God and we could 14 THE MANIFESTO. feel the presence of the beloved Father and Mother of the new dispensation in our midst, and realize the shower of divine love which would be wafted to us from the throne of the Infinite. Yea, Thomas' own brethren opposed him but he could say as did Paul, ' None of these things move me neither count I my life dear unto myself, so that I might finish my course with joy and the ministry which I have received of the Lord Jesus to testify the gospel of the grace of God.' The next notice we have of Thomas was during the last supper, Jesus was endeavoring to comfort his disciples for he knew that he would soon be crucified. Therefore he said to his disciples, 'Whither I go ye inow and the way ye know.' Thomas immediately spoke and said, 'Lord we know not whither thou goest and how can we know the way?' Look at the cautiousness of this disciple. He was afraid that he might make a misstep or go contrary to the will of God, therefore, he wanted Jesus to make known to him what he should do and how he should walk. What wisdom and childlike simplicity is liere shown in Thomas. He knew who to ask for light. If he had doubts he made them known at the proper place. He did not open Ms mind to his brethren in the gospel and ask them what he should do or burden them with his troubles, but they were all carried to the first anointed in God's order. The last, important notice we have of Thomas transpired a few days after the crusifixion of Jesus. His ten brethren were try- ing to convince him that they had seen their Master and conversed with him since his ex- ecution. Thomas was astounded, he doubted, he thought they might be mistaken; he thought strange that this occurrence should happen while he was absent from them. He mo doubt listened to them attentively, but it gave him no comfort. Ho remembered the language of Jesus, viz. 'I will not leave you comfortless I will come to you. ' Thomas realized that he had been a faithful disciple, therefore, he was entitled to the same privilege that the other disciples had enjoyed. Jesus had promised to comfort him as well as his brother disciples. Therefore he would aot be satisfied until he could see the same truth demonstrated, He wanted to know for himself. Hence, he said, 'except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails and put my finger into the print of the nails and thrust my hand into his side I will not believe. ' God will manifest his power to any people who will show by their life that they have faith and implicit confidence in his promises' Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.' 'I will come to you. ' These words Jesus spoke and Thomas realized that they were spoken to him, therefore, he relied upon them and expected their fulfillment. God wants all of his people to realize for themselves the truth of the gospel. The testimony of others will not suffice but he wants us to feel the presence of his Holy spirit within our own heart. That only will bring comfort and consolation to a true child of the kingdom. The next time the disciples assembled Thomas was with them. After the doors were shut, Jesus came and stood in their midst and said, ' Peace be unto you. ' Then saith he to Thomas reach hither thy finger and behold my hands ; and reach hither thy hand and thrust it into my side and be not faithless but believing.' 'And Thomas answered and said, My Lord and my God. ' Jesus saith to him, ' because thou hast seen thou hast believed,' blessed are they that have not seen and yet have believed. What satisfaction Thomas must have derived from this demonstration, so ardently longed for. Yea, this disciple was not easily deluded. If he saw Jesus he wanted to recognize him. He knew he was going to preach to a world of unbelievers ; those who would assert that he was laboring under a delusion, therefore he wanted positive evidence concerning the presence of Jesus, then he would be better prepared to battle the world and meet the arguments which would emanate from Satan and his emissaries. ¦ The print of the nails, the pierced side he clearly recognized, not in the midnight darkness but on a bright spring morning. This was a spiritual demonstration under test conditions therefore Thomas was thoroughly satisfied. THE MANIFESTO. 15 God is willing to satisfy the longings of all honest seekers after truth. Wherever there is a fundamental want inherent in man there must be a corresponding provision. ' My Lord and my God.' How much is there involved in these words. It clearly demonstrates that Thomas was a 'Believer' for he recognizes God through him who began the blessed work of 'regeneration' which finally culminated in the second appearing of Christ being manifested through the female by which a spiritual relation was formed between the two Anointed Ones. Thereby they have become the foundation pillars on which rests the new heavens and the new earth. Thomas saw andjjeheved but ' blessed are they that have not seen and yet have believed. '' God saw that Thomas required a powerful demonstration to prepare him for the work which was set before him. God deals with men according to their needs but the same manifestations have neA'er been repeated in the world's history, therefore ail cannot be eye-witnesses to the demonstrations of God. It Avas so in the days of the disciples, and it is none the less now. Many believed the gospel that were not present at the Pentecostal Baptism. Many to-day believe in the Second Appearing of Christ who beheld not the glory of his coming ; many are to-day believers in the Christ life that never were eye-witnesses to powerful manifestations of God. 'Blessed are they that have not seen and yet have believed. ' May we all have faith in the Gospel of Christ and stand firm on the principles which were manifested in the days of Mother Ann and we will be endowed with heavenly wisdom which will free us from all the errors of the world and place our feet upon the solid foundation of truth which will stand forever. South Union, Ky.