UNION FLORA WILLIAMS ' So we being many are one body in Christ, and every one members one or another. Rom. xii., 5. All mankind are bound together by a certain bond of fellowship. The remoteness of the situation in which we are placed does not affect this connection, but rather tends to strengthen it, as we see in the commerce of different nations and in mutual exchange of commodities. The inhabitants of one country cultivate fruits for the consumption of those of another ; and the inhabitants of other countries in return produce articles ot manufacture for their use, thus one gives that which the other needs, and both are provided. There are various distinctions or grades in life ; the lowest are useful as well as the highest; the rich benefit the poor, and the poor labor for the rich. Governors protect their subjects and every loyal subject contributes to the support of its Governor j in this way the interests of leaders and people become one. There is no such thing as independ- ence, and were it not for ignorance and pride, we should never think of it. The laboring class are the basis of society, and why not? The foundation of the wall sustains the superstructure. A larger building requires more support than a smaller. The higher we rise, the more we possess, the less claim we have to independence ; now if this be true in the natural order of things, it is pre-eminently so in the Christian life. And it is in this light that Paul so frequently speaks of it. 'I say through the grace given unto me to every man TXNTON. 16 THE MANIFESTO. that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think ; but to think soberly, according as God has dealt to every man a measure of faith. ' To show how important it is to manifest a mutual dependence he remarks, 'The eye cannot say unto the hand, I have no need of thee ; nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of thee. Nay much more those members of the body which seem to be more feeble, are necessary. ' They all have their respective places and uses. Each is necessary ; essential to the beauty, strength, happiness, and the perfection of the whole. Why then should we set at naught a brother ? The Christian church would never have been reduced to its present disjointed state if the members had not been beguiled from the simplicity found in the religion of the meek and lowly Savior ; and instead of the peace and harmony that should pervade the Christian world we have strife and discord. Indeed how can we call ourselves the disciples of the Prince of Peace if we do not abide by the principles so clearly wrought in the life of our pattern? He said, 'Then are ye my disciples if ye love one another. ' According to this we must not live for ourselves. Each is to live for the good of each and for all. 'AVith brotherly love ; in honor preferring one another. ' Even an indulgence harmless in itself, is to be avoided if the peace of a weak conscience will thereby be destroyed. Such was the example of Jesus Christ and such is the duty of those professing to be his followers. ; Canterbury N. H.