GROWTH ANDREW BARRETT The soul which cannot die, merits all the moral, intellectual and spiritual improvement we can possibly give it. A spirit form to live forever, should be making continual advances in virtue and wisdom. A avcII cultivated mind regards the body, merely, as a temporary prison, holding it until the long looked for hour comes when it can break the prison doors and soar to the heights of heavenly felicity ; become the associate of advanced minds who have gone before, to that blissful Eden where their longing spirits are to be satisfied by the realization in full of those joys for which they have so earnestly prayed. Are we not living for Eternity, and our life record, will it not condemn or approve in the ultimate? Our heaven is to be formed of our life, thoughts andactions. Like the Mason who places one block upon another in the rearing of the earthly mansion, so do our thoughts and actions stand upon one another in reariug our heavenly mansion, that is to be our Eternal Home. Jesus said, 'The kingdom of heaven is within you, ' meaning that all the faculties for enjoying heaven is given to every understanding soul, and to insure a certain passport and safe anchoring in that beautiful haven, we must grow and develop those faculties at every opportunity. 11 12 THE MANIFESTO. Growth consists in action. Where there is no action, there is no growth. Action invigorates and warms up soul and body. It puts fire into the individual, that keeps the blood (which is the life) in circulation. On one of the Huguenot churches, stands the emblem of a flaming cross, with these words,—'Burning but not consumed,' emblematical of the true Christian character. The Cross is every where a sign of both Svar and peace. War against sin until the banishment brings perfect rest and peace. The Prince of Peace brought the sword and the sword shall finally bring peace. A Romish conception of the sacred heart, is a heart of flame. Why should not the new heart be the same? The work of God always wss and always will be, forever onward and upward, from the earthly to the spiritual; from the terrestrial into the angelic. The Church of Christ should be the lamp, giving forth light to the nations around ; a city on the hill, all aglow as it catches the first rays of the rising ' Sun of Righteousness. ' Should not the church be also a living body, a center of attraction to draw souls into its embraces for life and salvation ? Let its members be alive with the spirit of God, and let their singing ring out like peans of victory, and prayers throb with faith and desire, and testimonies come warm from experience ; then will be the evidence of the presence of that life giving Spirit, and souls are born anew into the resurrection order. Harvard, Mass.