SELFISHNESS GILES B. AVERY What keenness of the vision e'er can spy, Or what expanse of imagery descry The myriad varying forms 'of selfishness, Its giant growth, or pigmy littleness ! In one sense, selfishness is ogle eyed, but, its fondness is with the hope of bringing all the treasures home to self. Its side glances are to lure for personal, not social enjoyment; for the sake of personal gratification and advantage, selfishness disregards all the rights and feelings of other persons ; and the character of selfishness assumes as many forms, and different hues, as there are different dispositions in men. So each selfish person has a shrine of his own, at which he worships in greed !—A selfsanctum, within which no other being may intrude. The existence of the monster is only possible, in the immediate neighborhood of other beings ; it could not exist in a person liviagalone, on a desolate island ! Thus its pigmy littleness and meanness is manifest in an habitual longing for, and reaching after, that which justly belongs to, or should be shared by another. Selfishness aspires to make the Universe its tributary, for it the ocean should disgorge its pearls; the mines their glittering gold; the fields their gorgeous flowers and sumptuous gustatory fruits ; the air its feathered songsters ; and the earth its teeming millions of servile life to man. To selfish greed and ambition unnumbered millions of the human family have sorely worn harsh slavery's galling chain ; for sordid self's lust of power unnumbered millions have been shorn of life, and made to bite the dust in pangs of sorrow too deep for human tongue to utter. i THE MANIFESTO. But, whoso lives alone for self, dwells in a narrow prison cell, bereft of all the blissful benedictions and grateful oblations of hearts gladdened and blessed by liberal, generous souls! Those sweet sympathies of loving spirits that steal softly into the memories and beguile the otherwise lonely hours of the benevolent, like doves bearing in their beaks an olive branch of peace, or like the flitting humming bird that has sipped from flower to flower of their generous grace returns with sweet mellifluous contribution to give gustation pure and heavenly to every thoughtful moment, all these blessings which make for liberal souls consecrating life, time, treasure to the greatest good of humanity a heaven, these, the pigmy selfish soul has barred from his home, his closeted mind and imprisoned spirit and interest! To him no voice they speak, no soothing tune they sing, no taste to sweets is made a guest! The honest agriculturist, or orchardist, who plants the noble tree for fruit in a rich and mellow soil with wide expanse for nourishment, in quick returning years finds ample growth of trunk and limb, profuse of bloom, and, following bounteous stores of golden fruits to feed, not only himself, but the hungering multitude, and, in its harvest home his heart is glad. This is the characteristic of the kt liberal soul that shall live by liberal things, '—the character of those who are truly consecrated to toil in the vineyard of the Lord. But, the character of the selfish soul Is like an orchardist who should set an infant apple tree in a quart bowl, hewn out of a solid rock, and filled with sand, no expanse of earth, rock-bound on every hand ; no richness of soil; of nourishment bereft; no room for expansion of root', no growth of trunk, nor expanse of limb ; no fragrant foliage or flower, no recompensing fruit!—The baby plant shrinks in its tiny field, and, withering, dies ! And, now, in vision thus we behold the final goal of utter selfishness, Enthron'd upon a pillar, pois'd in ambient air, Its narrow walls hide all its treasure rare! Beneath, above, around no int'rests meet nor blend, No love flows to it, nor affections trend! And, though from hoarded wealth, like Andes high, And though its art with Phidias may vie, Its monumental bulk, like Babel's tower, Reached upward to the skies, and dazed with power, 1Tis art without a patron to commend, A tower, without a chieftain to defend'. 'Tis prowess, ne'er a patron to its throne, A Shrine! No worshipper, but self alone' And, though a hoard of all that earth may boast, Exiled from time, 'tis emptiness, at most! The Selfish Captain, anchor'dat his goal, Of sailors 'reft, anchor'd in waters shoal, No more his merchandise can bring him gain, No more his fragile bark a freight sustain! The Selfish mariner, on time's wide sea. Is lost to all the world, but selfish Me I Mt. Lebanon,N. Y..