DAVID PARKER BY H. C. BLINN ' Mv weary feet have found a resting place, No longer need I roam ; For in the blessedness of perfect love, I've a home sweet home. I've a place to lay my heavy burdens down, A refuge from the storms that come, 0 blessed tho't! the hope of life fulfilled, I've a home sweet home. ' David Parker was born in Boston, Mass., May 12, 1807 and Avas admitted to the Society in Canterbury in the year 1817. Entering the religious order at so early an age he grew gradually and substantially into every interest that made it his home as well as the home of his many gospel fathers and mothers. At this date the Society was able to afford their children a good and thorough education, sufficient for all practical purposes. This privilege was so well improved in connection with a religious discipline that at the age of nineteen years David was appointed assistant Trustee. From that time till the date of his death Jan'y 20th, 1867 he was known as one of the most active, as well as honorable busi- ness men of the State. He was genial and in conversation very interesting. A characteristic notice was published in the Boston. Journal in 1862 which may be said to quite fairly represent the man. ' Everybody knows David Parker, one of the chief managers at Shaker Village, N. H. I have known him ever since he was a boy. Brought up under the direction of the honored founders of the Society, Francis Winkley, Israel Sanborn and others, he com- bines their industry, thrift and shrewd,) 10 THE MANIFESTO. ness, with a remarkable development of the New Hampshire yaukee, which has enabled him to keep up with the progress of the age in transacting the extensive business of the Society. Mr. Parker is an upright man. Nobody except some poor specimen of humanity, who may, perchance, have undertaken the difficult task of outwitting him in a bargain, ever pretended anything to the contrary. In the matter of attending to the peculiar rites and spiritual welfare of the Shakers, his people know how to appreciate him better than many others. Pie is a man of business,--Now I see him at half past eight o'clock in the evening, after the arrival of the last I train from Boston, ready for a hasty j supper at the Eagle Hotel, and then a | drive of twelve miles to Canterbury to j sleep. Now you will find him looking j over Shaker wood lots in the wilds of New York. Again you will meet him in Washington, Buffalo, Philadelphia or New York, always with an eye to business, whether he happens to make a call on the President or the proprietor of a wholesale drug store. ' In May 1837, David Parker was appointed to the order of Ministers. While officiating in this capacity he made his home, about one half of the time, in the Society at Enfield, N. H. In October 1846, he was again called to take charge of the financial interests of the Community. During the inquisitorial arraignment of the Shakers before tlie Legislature of New Hampshire in 1848, he acquitted himself as an able advocate in defense of his home and friends, against the vilest insinuations as well as the direct defamatory charges of a class of men and women, who had at a former date been members of the Shaker Societies. Assailed, as he was personally, by a modern Jeffrey, with the most vituperative appellations, he withstood the charges with all the calmness of a Baxter. The poisoned arrows fell short of their mark. Enjoying as lie did a remarkably strong constitution, with an active elastic mind, he was enabled to project and execute a very large amount of business till within a few weeks of his death. Surrounded by a large circle of friends, and in the glory of his usefulness, he passed from this life in the 60th year of his age. Canterbury,N. H/.