PURITY MARTHA J. ANDERSON Purity is the divinest thought that can enter the finite mind concerning the Infinite. It is the fountain head of life's immortal stream, the source of every attribute and spring of every blessing. In purity are love and goodness perfect. It is the very essence of Divinity that permeates and infuses the highest spheres ; the unclouded light of eternity's perpetual day. ' God is light, in Him is no darkness at all.' The purer we become, the nearer we approach Deity ; for, ' Blessed are the pure in heart, they shall see God. ' This is the greatest and most precious of the promises given by the Christ-inspired Jesus, whose life exam2 THE MANIFESTO. pie—as well as precept—was virgin pu- rity. Impurity broodeth in secret places, under the shadow of darkness ; God is not there ; and the mind that harbors unchaste thoughts, or the heart that cherishes unhallowed desires, shrinks from the light with a just sense of shame and disgrace. 'Know ye not that ye are the temple of God? If auy man defile this temple him will God destroy,' by a withdrawal of His pure spirit. It is a law inevitable, ' The soul that sinneth it shall die.' The written and unwritten revelation of God's eternal truth declares the certainty of this. What is it that stultifies the sensibilities, beclouds the intellect, drains the vital forces, sears the conscience, turns love to hatred and disgust, and creates on earth a hell? The carnal mind, unreached by moral law. Lasciviousness is the cancer that is eating out the very heart of Society ; its dens of infamy are the plague spots of every civilized com- munity, the bottomless pit, where virtue is swallowed up, and demons of vice are generated. The slimy serpent crawls over every threshold, victimizing the young, the beautiful, and would be lovely, by the secret charms of its magnetic power. It stealthily holds its sway, in our schools, colleges and halls of science, robbing our youth of the potency and vitality of noble manhood. What hearth-stone boasts of purity's unsullied altar? Whoso still worships there, may ' sing of Love, of Home, and Heaven, ' three words holy and sacred in their significance, and all the outcome of a truly virtuous life. What means the cry we hear all over the land, the ' social evil, ' domestic unhappiness, ungoverned households, family brawls, infanticide, foeticide, matrimonial dissolution, and an army of neglected vagrant children? God, and his divine laws in nature, are both ignorantly and willfully disobeyed. The earth reels drunk with crime of every name and nature ; all springing from the hydra-headed monster Lust! It is the ghoul that is gnawing out the vitals of humanity ! 'Whence come wars and fightings among you? come they not hence even of your lusts that war in your members?' 'A man is tempted when he is drawn away or enticed by his own lusts. ' The evil lies within each human heart; and there must the battle begiu, for the subjugation and crucifixion ot the carnal, generative life, which has brought sorrow and woe to mankind. The greatest of all wrongs is the sin of transmission, through which, depraved influences are stamped upou the embryotic brain ; the consequence is, thou- sands walk the earth and mingle in society, in whom the inclination and impulse, is stronger to do evil than good. True love is the offspring of purity ; and only under its benign control, can properly developed beings be generated. The praises of virtue were sung by the bards of olden time. Seers declared the glory of the ransomed ! Prophets, sages and philosophers, inspired by the Christ-spirit, conquered the impulses ot passion, and took upon themselves a perpetual vow of celibacy. In ancient temples, vestal virgins were sheltered and secluded far from the eyes of a carnal world ; kept for holy purposes, they were vessels of honor, through which the word of God could flow to man. The baptized Jesus inculcated purity 3 THE MANIFESTO. foremost in his system of ethics. The teachings of the apostles, whether to Jew or Gentile, held up this heavenly principle, or attribute, as the highest point of human attainment; recognizing the fact, that because of low conditions, few would be able in this life, to bear the cross and practice the self-denial necessary to reach the perfect state of angelic purity. In every heart—no matter what the education or the ignorance, there lingers a hope of probation ; and though long and dark be the night of error and sin ; there will sometime be kindled a desire for something superior and more soul satisfying, than the fruits of a sensual life. Then will come an awakening. God's pure spirit, brooding over the chaotic elements of the soul, shall find access to its most secret chambers ; in its deepest recesses. His searching light will shine ; the dawning of a new day will break upon the vision ; the first thought that shall fill the mind will be purity ! The first step of spiritual progress will be to ' cleanse the heart from all filthiness of flesh and spirit; ' then will the ascent upward be comparatively easy. Purity' is light, it gilds the mountain tops of God's everlasting goodness, and in its fullness alone, will the soul ever find peace and rest, or realize the blessing—that is vouch-safed to every human soul,—immortality and eternal progression Mt. Lebanon N. Y.