EDUCATION No. 3 The Folly of Ignorance CALVIN G. REED ' The truest characters of ignorance Are vanity, pride, and arrogance ; As blind men use to bear their noses higher, Than those who have their eyes and sight entire. ' ' By ignorance is pride increased; They most assume who know the least; Their own self balance gives them weight, But every other finds them light. ' 'Ignorance is the parent of many injuries.' 'The hopes of a man void of understanding are vain and false. ' 'Wisdom is very uupleasant to the unlearned: he that is without understanding will not remain with her. ' ' He that wanteth understanding, will think upon vain things : and the foolish man erring, imagineth follies. ' ' Go not to him that hath no understanding ; beware of him, lest you have trouble.' 'Sand, and salt, and a mass ol iron, are easier to bear than a mail without understanding. ' •' Sloth is the mother of poverty. Idleness is the root of all evil.' ' The way of the slothful, is a hedge of thorns. Idleness is the sepulchre of a living man.' ' The sluggard is wiser in his own conceit than seven men that can render a reason.' ' Idleness is the pareut of want and shame.' 'I went by the field of the slothful, and by the vineyard of the man void of understanding ; and lo it was all grown over with thorns, and nettles had covered the face thereof, and the stone-wall thereof was broken down. ' ' An idle brain is the devil's workshop. ' ' The devil tempts others, but an idle soul tempts the devil.' ' Though thou shouldst bray a fool in a mortar, among wheat with a pestle, yet will not his foolishness depart from him.' This is the experience and testimony of Solomon, and of the wise and the intelligently good of all times and of all nations. The entire catalogue of wise maxims, like the ones quoted, characterize sloth and idleness as the morphia of ignorance ; and ignorance as the vacuity of indolence; and the united obnoxious trinity, the incubators of all vice and of all crime, as the demon offspring of Folly, clothed with the tawdry garments of shame, dishonor, pride, vanity, arrogance, insipidity, servility, and superstition ; the true insignia of the slaves of temptation and of sin. 6 THE MANIFESTO. When the avenues of knowledge are free to all, as water, air, and sunshine, it will be a positive sin of omission to remain ignorant. It is not only a great wrong to one's-self, but to society. No one has a just excuse for being ignorant, when he might and ought to be intelligent and wise. The secular law does not exculpate the transgressor from the penalty of his crime, on the plea of ignorance ; for it claims, that no one has fulfilled his obligations if he does not understand his legal responsibilities. This is true of every system of laws, be it physical, intellectual, ethical, or psychical. Time was, when ignorance, was counted bliss; blind faith, wisdom; mystery and superstition, religion ; and physical tortures, the portals to the mansions of the blest. But these dark clouds of irrational belief, are fast being dissipated from the atmosphere of the educated, who intelligently trace consequence to sequence, effect to cause. One of the marked characteristics of ignorance is, a servile acceptance of the teachings of the past, especially where they assume a religious aspect; as though infinite wisdom and understand- ing centered there, and it was only left for the present and future generations, to gather virtue from the overflowings of their superior wisdom and knowledge, or imputed plenary inspirations. Hence arise the divine right of kings and potentates, and the more divine right of priests, to rule the common people writh despotic sway. So long as tradition formed the chief source of transmitting information from generation to generation, this assumed and accepted divine right was easily exercised over the ignorant multitude. whose superstitious fears urged them to the commission of almost any and every inconsistency, and the acceptance of the most revolting rites and ceremonies. Hence the past is only beneficial to us for the truths it contains, and the ability it confers upon us to eliminate truth from error. But when we trace the historic page, whether sacred or profane, we find : ' More proselytes and converts t' accrue To false persuasions than the right and trne, For error and mistake? are infinite, While truth has but one way to be i' the right. ' A prime cause for the perpetuity of error, lies in the morbid inclination of the masses to leave investigation to the few, and to accept deductions without apparently questioning the truth or falsity of propositions. Finding it easier to follow than to lead ; to imitate thai: to originate ; to accept than to reason ; to be dependent than self-reliant; to be ignorant than to toil for knoAvledge, understanding, wisdom, truth; mankind, in general, have groped their way through the mazes of error, blindly following blind guides. History, and the literature of the nations, present more of human weakness T error, and degradation, than of wisdom, virtue, and strength. Ante-deluvian traditions characterize the race as monsters of folly and wickedness: wrlvose hearts were only evil and that continually. Post-deluvian records exhibit the blind folly of the people in fulsome measure, instanced in the building of the tower of Babel; the forty yea: s wandering of the Israelites in the Wil- derness ; the superstitious creation of myriads of tutelar deities and demigods with idols to represent them ; and the demoralizing rites and ceremonies practiced by them in their sacrifices and1 offerings at their sacred altars and festiv7 THE MANIFESTO. ities, by all nations down to the Druids of the British Isles. Added to these are the irrational beliefs iu metempsychosis, incarnations, atonements, and their mythical marvelous legends, rendered hoary by age, and sanctified by the imposition of bloody priests, gladiatorial shows, inquisitorial tribunals, and cruel deaths. Down to the invention of movable types, and the blessing of the enlightening and redeeming printing press, rendering the dissemination of knowledge «asy, it was an age of inconsistent and impractical marvels. Immoralities, rapine and turmoil and terrorism prevailed, that never would have had an existence, had it not been for the stupid ignorance of the people. But the end is not yet. The millennial day of triumph lies still in the future. Vast areas of mental, fallow ground and wilderness land remain to be brought under cultivation and fruition. Dense clouds of mental, ethical, and psychical darkness are to be dissipated from the etherean sky, before the Sun of Righteousness shall arise with healing and refulgent glory, and humanity shall be eliminated from the thraldom of ignorance and error, by the knowledge of the Lord that shall cover the earth as the waters cover the sea. It. is written: God winked at these times of man's ignorance, but now he calls upon all to repent, and be wise, and to know the Lord from the least, even unto the greatest of them; to arise and shake themselves from the slavish bands and chains of ignorance, and to shine with the glory and splendor of intelligence, understanding and wisdom. The divine Teacher of Nazareth, often hurled his incisive philippics of condemnation at the ignorance of his hearers, and by the wise demonstration and application of a grand proposition, taught them an important truth. What could have been more apropos, or what could have more strongly condemned the religious intolerance and ignorance that prevailed among his disciples, than the utterance of the humiliating truth: 'The children of this world are, in their generation, wiser than the children of light! ' A statement paramount to saying : 'This is to you a dishonor! It ought not so to be !' In the memorable sermon on the Mount, in which Jesus propounded some very important principles of Christian ethics ; when about to close, he enjoined it upon his disciples, to seek first the kingdom of heaven and its righteous- ness,—light, wisdom, intelligence, truth ; and not follow the example of the foolish gentiles, who sought earthly treasure in eating, drinking, and clothing. Seek the greater which includes the lesser, and you will ensure both. This was counseling to observe Heaven's Order ; things of first importance first, leaving the broad uncertain road of ignorance which leads to destruction, and take the straight and direct highway which leads to perpetual life and bliss. The very commencement of the mission of Jesus Christ, was to a people who sat in darkness, and the region df the shadow of death :—Gross darkness. The lightening which rifted the clouds of this intense Plutonian darkness: ' Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand, ' is still lighting the dark recesses of ignorance, revealing the truth that God is not only love, but that in his eternal archives, are stored all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. (TO BE CONTINUED.)