THE MANIFESTO. JANUARY, 1884 'HAIL! HAPPY NEW YEAR ' Tins simple term has a talismanic charm to the many thousands who in their pilgrimage through this life accept the opening of a new year as something of more than ordinary significance. It is the breathing of a u Happy New Year' to all, to the aged and no less to the youth and little children. All alike have the anticipation of happiness in some of its multiplied forms. It awakens a thought for brighter days, for prosperous days, for days in which righteousness shall dwell permanently among men, and in which a spirituality from the abode of the pure in heart shall direct our minds and guard us on our heavenward journey. The worldly-wise m-m makes it a data from which to begin anew in the accumulation of perishable treasures, where moth and rust must forever dwell. He looks forward to the time when he can have dismissed the old year with all that it may have lost or gained, and anticipates in the new, greater fame in his relations toward the world, and a more abundant increase of gold and silver and precious stones. The religious mind also looks forward with pleasure to the opening of a new season, to the beginning of a new year in which will be found renewed demonstrations of God's goodness to man. In our preparation let us arrange a new order of resolutions which shall govern our conduct, and in this make our system of self-denial of greater practical benefit, so that while it affords a Happy New Year and a better result to our- selves, it may at the same time enhance the happiness, more particularly, of our immediate friends and then in the good Providence of God gladden the hearts of all wrho know us. Readers of the Manifesto will appreciate this very much and make the in- coming new year one in which the anthem of ' Good news and glad tidings ' shall awaken a harmony in every heart. Our lives should be known by the good deeds that are made manifest rather than by the enumeration cf weeks and months, and the introduction of a new year w^ould then present to us a most fortunate season when we may renew, effectually, our obligations to God, and to his people, and step forward into newness of life that shall be an inspiration of love and good will to all with whom we may meet. Increasing wisdom in truth and righteousness must follow the increase of Christ's government. The testimony will then bear a close relationship to the spirit of Divine Light, which like the refiner's fire will consume everything except the pure gold. The anticipated New Year brings an inspiration of love and joy and even of beautiful visions. We see the heavens opened and the angels of God ascending and descending, we hear the revelations of great and good gifts and they betoken most emphatically the wonderful days that are to come. The whole world are in marching order and we see them moving on toward the beautiful Kingdom of God. In this inimitable future when the ransomed of the Lord shall return to Zion ; in these millennial days when the knowledge of the Lord shall cover the land as the waters cover the sea, when the swords shall be beaten into plough-shares and the spears THE MANIFESTO. 19 into pruning hooks, are the days when righteousness shall dwell among men. Indeed, and 1884 belongs to this glorious future. The days and weeks and months will move along with unerring precision, and as faithful workers for this wonderful day of God's grace, let us accept the baptism of the Holy Spirit and become the messengers of a gospel truth that shall save the world from sin. A Hindoo has been preaching in Boston... A Hindoo has been preaching in Boston Mass, in a Unitarian church, and we trust that the church members have been made better by his presence. He does not profess to be a Christian and may not see the necessity for such a change. He says ' We believe in the grand doctrine that God in his spiritual glory has come down to earth, and that now access between him and us is direct. That glorious doctrine of true Christianity has been obscured and dimmed by men who lack the appreciation of the teachings of their own scriptures, but the time has come when the claims of the Holy Spirit shall be vindicated. If the spirit of God is a living presence, if he is a consuming fire, if he is a ready counselor, if he is one to whom every appeal may be made in a moment of perplexity and sorrow, we are bound to tell the world what the responses of that Spirit are. ' This catholic spirit and clear view as seen by the distant light of a hindoo mind, would compare favorably with the greater light of a Christian dispensation. St. Paul has said, 'As many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God,' and no doubt this influence may be felt in India as well as in the United States.