Sanitary HOW TO PRESERVE THE EYESIGHT [From The Herald of Health] The editor of the Huntsville, Ala., Democrat, who has passed his three score years without the use of eye-glasses, and can still, with his natural eyes, read fine print, wishes to give other people nearing the sere and yellow leaf the benefit of his ocular experience. Therefore, he tells them that in 1865 he found his eyesight failing, indicated by dark specks flitting over the page and a hazy appearance of the letters when he was reading. Remembering to have heard his mother say that exPresident John Quincy Adams (who lived to about 80 years) had preserved his eyesight and read without glasses by pressing the outer and inner corners of the eye together, the editor tried the experiment. After retiring to his bed at night, he has, ever since the fall of 1875, before going to sleep, pressed gently together the outer and inner corner of each eye between the thumb and fore-finger of the of the hand corresponding to the right and left eye, applying equal, simultaneous pressure to both eyes. Or, using but one hand, he has put the middle finger on his fore-head above his nose and pressed together the cor- ners of one between the thumb and forefinger, and the corners of the other eye between the third and fourth fingers, striving to give equal pressure to both eyes. The philosophy of the experiment is explained in this way : As people pass the middle age, there is said to be (and we believe it) a tendency of the balls of the eye to lose their convexity—in common parlance, to flatten. The habitual pressure of the outer and inner corners of the eyes together prevents flattening, and thereby preserves the original normal convexity of the eyes, and thereby the original power of seeing. Near-sighted persons are exceptions to the rule. Their near-sightedness (as we un 20 THE MANIFESTO. derstand) is caused by too great convexity of the eye. Oftentimes, as they advance in years, their eyes flatten; that is, lose their original convexity, and become more nearly like the good eyes of young people, and they can see better without glasses, and lay them aside. Whether our philosophical explanation is right or wrong, this one thing we know, that whereas we, over seventeen years ago, were losing our original power of seeing, now, by the manipulation of our eyes as above explained, we can see clearly without the use of glasses, we can read small print almost, if not quite, as well as in our youth, while men and women many years our juniors, some of them our near blood relatives, who have not resorted to our mode of improving the eyesight, are compelled to use glasses. Believing it our duty to mankind to do them all the good we can, we overcome our native modesty about writing of ourself by the consideration that we may benefit others by relating our own experience. The reason why both eyes should be subjected to the equal simultaneous pressure is, that to see clearly, both eyes should behold objects at the same focal distance, and this cannot be if the two eyes have not the same convexity. If the two eyes should see objects at different distances, the object would present different images on the two retinae of the eyes, and produce a confusion of images, and, of course, impair distinct vision. Instances occur of persons who have a natural infirmity of the eyes with different foci—one eye seeing at one focal distance, the other seeing at another focal distance. In such cases oculists provide eye-glasses of different foci, so accommodated as to correct the natural defect and make both eyes see alike