Lines written upon the occasion of the demise of our good and worthy Sister Mary Ann Emerson. Nov. 26th., 1883. JAMES G. BUSSELL O happy soul! most nobly hast thou done Thy work below. A treasure thou hast gained, Exceeding far Peruvian gold; and now Thou goest home to thy eternal rest; Unto that mansion now awaiting thee, Which thou thro' faithfulness hast well prepared. 0 dearest sister, while we truly know The blessedness of thy immortal lot, We can but deeply feel the loss of thee, That thou shouldst leave us, even at the time We cherished fondly such exulting hope, That thou wouldst tarry with us yet a while, A goodly while. Ah, sister, all in vain. 'Tis past. And we are left to move along Without thy blest companionship to cheer In many toilsome hours and walks of life, But wilt thou not in spirit be with us, To bless and comfort us? O be it so. And tho' our earnest pleadings failed to hold Thee longer tangible within our midst, We hope and trugtthy blest angelic sway Will move to ceaseless energy each soul, That, struggling oft', seems faltering betimes, And growing weary in the gospel strife. We know what power thy spirit can impart, For many years, within the gospel field, Hast thou to many given evidence Of Stirling qualities thou hast possessed, The young and tender minds of trusting youth, Have been protected, molded into forms That beautify the Zion of our God. And Oh, how very much they owe to thee, Dear sister, guardian, parent—all in one, They rise up now and call thee blessed, Thou Who hast through every scene in life been true To gospel principles, since first thou heard The voice that called thee from a life of sin, Art truly blessed. Thy reward is sure, And thou hast gone to reap what thou hast sown— A harvest of abundant golden grains. It needs no eulogy to bring to view The merits of our worthy sister dear, For many here are witnesses most true, 01 her devoted spirit year by year. These lines are written simply to pot tray The deep emotions of affection'd hearts, And as our sister passes thus away, No wonder that the sadden'd tear-drop starts. A constant burden-bearer all along From early life to three score years or more, Tho' frail in body, still in spirit strong, Her exit now most deeply wp deplore. But she is gone, gone from our mortal sight, Tho' still in spirit near us all the same; While unto spirit realms she takes her flight, Her blessed ministrations still we claim, Thus, like our sister may we toil with care, Thro' life till all its transient scenes are o'er, That we may find our portion ever there, In that bright world where parting is no more. Enfield, N. H.