PIONEERS OF THE WESTERN RESERVE. Notes referring to the Shakers of North Union, Ohio, as published by Harvey Rice in a work entitled, Pioneers of the Western Reserve. Some explanatory remarks are added by J. S. Prescott, a member of the Society of North Union. 'In 1822 a religious community known as Shakers was organized in Cuyahoga County, under the supervision of Ralph Russell, a devout man of that faith. He was aided in this work by the Elders of Union Village, Warren County, Ohio. They purchased a tract of wild land in the township of Warrensville, cleared the central part of it, erected a small village of log cabins, and gave it the name of 'North Union.' Here they tilled the soil, 32 THE MANIFESTO. grew in numbers, erected mills, established factories, a school-house, and a church, and for many years flourished, but of late have rapidly declined in numbers and in wealth) and in fact have become but a remnant of what they were in their prosperous days. Yet there are other communities of the same faith that still flourish in different parts of the United States. It must be admitted that the Shakers have become a power in the land, and arc justly regarded as an honest and industrious people. In their mode of worship they introduce a shaking,* shuffling dance, keeping step to the music of a monotonous song or chant, and for this reason are generally called 'Shakers 'f by outsiders; yet they prefer to call themselves ' Believers, J because they believe in the divinity of Ann Lee, and in living a life of pure celibacy. j| In other respects their creed is substantially orthodox, Ralph Russell, who led in organizing the community at North Union, was not only sincere in his faith, but a man of tact and enterprise. He was born at Windsor, Conn. Aug. 3, 1789, and received a good common school education. He loved books, and soon acquired a fund of general information. In' fluenced by a desire to go 'West,' he settled in Warrensville in 1812. Accidentally, or rather providentially, as he thought, he soon came in contact with two eminent Shakers of Union Village, who convinced him of the truth as it is in Ann Lee. He then commenced to indoctrinate his neighbors in the principles of the new faith, and soon acquired a goodly number of adherents. Thus encouraged, he organized a community of Shakers at Warrensville. ' Ralph, ' as the brother-hood called him, was a man of imposing presence, tall, grace* Shaking was introduced by the first founders, by the operations of the Spirit. Dancing was introduced as an act of divine worship. See Jeremiah, xxxi. f The term Shakers was given to the people in derision. JThey call themselves 'Believei's in Christ's Second Appearing,' not in the divinity of Ann Lee, but in the divinity of Christ. Christ is a 'Spirit,' and can come in a woman, as well as in a man. || They believe in living a life of virgin celibacy, because Christ lived that life, and he was our example. See Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, on this subject. ful, and winning in his manners, and persuasive in his logic. He was not only one of the first founders of the community in Warrensville, but its principal leader until 1826, when, owing to some disturbing elements of doctrine and rule he withdrew from the community, and settled on a farm in Solon, where he died Dec. 23, 186G, at the age of seventy eight years. He was superseded by the Elders from Union Village. The number of Leaders and Elders who have from time to time succeeded Russell are somewhat numerous. Though subordinate to higher ecclesiastical authorities, this class of officials share a degree of independence and power which renders their position one of great influence as well as honor. Among the number, there are several individuals who have an interesting record. This is true of James S. Prescott, one of the founders of the community at North Union. Though advanced in age, he is still active and faithful in the discharge of his duties. He comes from a good family, being akin to the late William H. Prescott, the renowned historian. He was born Jan. 26, 1803, at Lancaster, Mass. His mother was a pious lady, who instructed him at an early age in the lessons of Christianity. He received a good academical education, and commenced his career in life as a teacher in a missionary school, consisting of some fifty Indian youth, at Oneida, N. Y. In 182G he came to Cleveland, where he found employment as a mason, a trade he had partially learned while in his boyhood. In the course of a few months he left Cleveland and engaged in a job of mason work for the Shakers at Warrensville, North Union. Here he became interested in their religious views, adopted their creed, ^[received their faith, and united with them, and still remains with them. He is a man who lives a pure life, and is highly esteemed by the brother-hood and by all who know him. He is an intelligent, modest, and truly amiable iran. He has The average daily attendance was about forty, including both sexes, taught on the Lancasterian plan. IT The Shakers have no creed, except what is contained in the life of Christ, or, in the four Evangelists, Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. THE MANIFESTO. 38 recently written a History of North Union, * which is highly interesting in its details, and which should be published in book form. He was never married; yet h^ worships his ideal of a woman, and thinks her divine, f Ann Lee was born of humble parentage at Manchester, England, about the year 1786. Her early education had been neglected ; yet nature had endowed her with unusual mental powers and with a spirit of religious enthusiasm. She married young, was the mother of four children, all of whom died in infancy. She deplored her bereavement with a grief which was inconsolable. This induced reflection as to a remedy for human ills, and led her to advocate celibacy, and to become a dreamer in matters of religious faith. She commenced preaching strange doctrines in the streets of her native town. The populace gathered in crowds to hear her, and in such numbers as to impede public travel. * The history of North Union was written expressly, for the ' Western Reserve Historical Society,' by request, and published in the Cleveland Herald. By the Hon. John Babb, Judge of the Police Court. t The term Divine cannot with propriety be attached to any human being, abstractly, Jesus made the discrimination between the human and the divine, when he said, ' Thou art Peter, i. c. the human, and upon this Rock, i. e. Revelation or divine, will I build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' Matthew xvi; 18. and 'that Rock is Christ, ' the divine Revelation compared to a solid substance because it endureth forever. 1 Cor. 10., 4. It prevailed against the human, but not against the Rock, it stands good yet, i. e. Revelation. Ann Lee, made the same discrimination when she said, ' You ought to have your faith grounded in the power of God,' or power of his Christ, 'for that abidt.th forever. But if your faith is only in persons, and they should fail, you are liable to come ivnder loss.' Millennial Church, p. 337. We admit that a woman living a divine life makes her appear beautiful, and so it dees a man, but neither of them are objects of worship, because they are human, the creature, and not the Creator.