A VISIONARY DREAM. ALONZO G. IIOLLISTEK. For the manifesto. Anna Cogswell was born in Pittsfield Mass, in 17G1. In her written testimony given March 1827, she relates as follows ; Sometime in Feb. 1780, being in great trouble of mind, I dreamed I was with a large company of people and a man came and told us that Christ had come to judgment, which greatly shocked my feelings, as I feared I was a false professor and should have no part in his kingdom. He told us we must all walk in procession to a certain place, where we would find a tree in full bloom. Each one must pick a flower from the tree, and those who gathered a flower containing seed, it would be a sign to them that they had the grace of God in their souls. We were placed to walk in order, the men two by two on the right, and the women in the same order on the left. While on the way I trembled with fear, and the woman at my side asked what made me feel such trouble. I told her I was afraid I should be found a false professor. She said she felt no concern for herself on that account. I turned to look at her and perceived she was an adulteress, though I never saw her before. We picked each a ilowcr and returned. The man who sent us, met us at the door, and told us to lay our flowers on a table, and let them be examined. The woman who walked with me laid down hers, which was fairer than mine, and I laid mine by its side. Some seed fell from my flower and consumed hers in a moment. I was so overjoyed at the result that I awoke, and for a season felt very happy. THE MANIFESTO. 29 Having heard of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, I went in company with others to visit them, while they were in prison at Albany. After entering, we stopped in a narrow passage on the lower floor. Elder James Whittaker came down stairs, and the moment I saw him I knew he was the man I saw in my 'dream. He looked at me and said '' Young woman, honor God in Heaven, ' and immediately conducted us up stairs, where Mother and the Elders were. He soon began to speak of the coming of Christ to judgment, of the manner of his coming, and how we were to be judged. In conversation with Mother afterward, I related my dream to her. Do you call that a dream? said she, it was a vision of God. The woman you saw walking by your side, represented false professors, who profess to be espoused to Christ and yet have other lovers, and their confidence is in the flesh. But this seed of the gospel will consume it. She then called Elder James and said Anna has been telling roe a pretty visiontell it to brother James. Accordingly I related it to him. Do you call that a dream? said he. Yea, I said, because I was asleep. He answered, it was a vision of God, and a great gift to you. Anna Cogswell became a Savior, in saving herself. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.