THANKSGIVING. MARINDA M. KENISTON. How many hearts witli joy will greet This Nation's cherished festal day; How many loving friends will meet In happy homes to praise and pray. May each, may all, that blessing share Which crowns the day with rnern'ries bright; May love outweigh the din of care, And darkness be dispelled by light. O Earth! what treasure dost thou hold That vies in worth with Christian love? The richest mines of purest gold One half the blessing ne'er can prove. The love that dwells in kindred minds Safe linked in friendship's golden chain, Through all the lights and shades of time Unchanged forever will remain. May all who've gathered here to-day Within these ancient hallowed walls, Whore oft our Fathers met to pray And pledge themselves to give up all, Renew again their lives to God, While angels list to catch the sound, And in the ' Book of Life ' record That loyal souls still here arc found. O may each soul uplifted be, To feel a tender Mother's care, Thanksgiving anthems full and free, Be wafted on the morning air. May all who pra}-, and all who wait Upon the Lord, to do his will, An inspiration new partake, And through all changes trust Him still. It is the lot of some to sow, While others reap the golden grain, And many here may never know The fruits of all their love and pain. 30 THE MANIFESTO. Blest be the hands that toil with care, The hearts that live, mid hopes and fears; Not all unheeded arc their prayers, However dark the day appears. While those upon whose furrowed brow Are seen the telling lines of cave Give thanks, their lives are spafed till now That children may their blessing share; (iive thanks, that when life's strife is o'er, The shoals of time are safely past, Awaiting them on yonder shore Are those whose friendship pure will last. Thrice blessed souls! whose patient toil With trusting hearts and willing hands Planted with gospel seed this soil, A goodly heritage to stand. E'en now we feel their presence near, These faithful waiting ones to bless, And welcome tidings soon to bear, ' Receive thy crown of righteousness. ' Let those before whose vision lies Yet longer service to be given, Rejoice, that they ma}' win the prize, And be the perfect flowers of Heaven. If loyal they are ever found, And to their Maker freely give The first ripe fruits that e'er abound Where virgin principles are lived. So let all hearts give thanks and praise Who've joined the lovely Virgin throng! Thanksgiving fill the matin lays, And be the theme of evening song. For who like us can truly sing The song of freedom ever grand ? Who better offerings can bring Throughout our Nation's cherished land? As days and weeks glide swiftly on, Each bringing duties to be done, We'll chant a never-ending song And hold the bond that makes us one. Through all the varying scenes we meet, Vicissitudes which mark life's way, Unchanging in our hearts shall beat The love we feel renewed to-day. Enfield, X. II.