UNSATISFIED DESIRES. ANTOINETTE DOOLITTLE. As far as our knowledge extends, there has never been a time in the history of the American Nation, when there was greater prosperity in different departments pertaining to its material wealth, or its educational advancement, than the present. Science continues to reveal new modes of agriculture and machines are invented to meet the growing, expanding ideas which are requisite to carry the new methods into practical operation, which with the combined skill and energetic labor of the tillers of the soil, the land is made to yield a rich and bounteous supply of cereals, fruits and vegetables, for home consumption, and to contribute in considerable degree to the demands of foreign markets. Ships, heavily laden with all kinds of merchandise go out upon the seas, to bear to other lands the products of our own and in r?turn, bring from other ports to our shores fruits and fabrics from soils, and climates, in distant lands. Many of these staunch vessels arc unable to cope with the fierce winds, and go down beneath the billowy waves which rise mountain high, and are seen no more. Still, others continue to plough the great deep, and press their way, and pass from port to port. Fires and floods, devastate the lands, and yearly consume a large amount of the nation's wealth, as 1888 has proved in a marked degree ; but as an off-set, the population is increased by emigration from other countries, and large tracts of land hitherto untilled, are brought under the plow and worked by those who emigrate to America from 26 THE MANIFESTO. isles beyond the seas, to find a home and take shelter under her national flag. Why repeat these facts so often told, and so apparent to all, that they who run may read and easily understand ? Our reason for so doing, is to show that with all the accumulated material wealth and financial prosperity, there still exists a restless unsatisfied condition of mind and feeling, in all ranks of society ; which go to prove that there are soul wants and needs, that earthly material things can never supply. Hence we find in all ranks of society, an anxious expectancy, looking for some new thing to transpire that will bring change and fill an aching void in the chambers of the soul, and feed the immortal part. Pulpit orations from the clergy, it matters not how eloquent they may be, or how pleasantly their words may fall upon the ears of the hearersfail to touch their hearts. The Bible has been used as a text-book by many thousands of professed ministers of the gospel, for along period of time, until nearly every verse has been repeated over, and over again and turned, and twisted, and explained, until it has become as sounding brass and tinkling cymbals : for priests and people, by lack cf true charity, or practical love to God and to their neighbor, under the guidance of Christian faith, fail of ministering or receiving even a spark of living inspiration from the Source of divine light. Thousands at the present time, are looking and waiting for some sudden revulsion in the spiritual elements, that shall bring about a better state of things and are hopeful and joyful in the anticipation. Others fear lest a sacrifice of some of their dearest earthly idols may be called for, if coining events which they feel are rapidly drawing near, and are casting their shadows before, actually transpire. As a general rule, the majority of those who profess to want something better than what they now possess, do not want to give an equivalent to obtain it. Like one class of the ancient Jews, who were looking for the long promised Messiah; they expected a prince in pomp and regal splendor to come and establish a throne and kingdom, and sway the scepter of power, and strengthen the then existing hierarchy, and upbuild the aristocracy of that day. They were greatly disappointed ; so much so, that only a few were prepared to receive the Anointed Nazarene, the medium of the Christ Spirit, who came to them in an unostentatious manner, and they did not recognize him, nor understand his mission. Thus it is, and will be with the major part of those who at the present time are hungering for soul food; they desire it, but are not willing to sell all, or even a part of their worldly gains to obtain it. The selfish, ease-loving, pleasure-seeking multitude, cries, 'give, give ! but do not take from us our earthly treasures that we love so dearly ! ' Jesus, without doubt, was educated with the Essenes of his time, who were numerous in Palestine and Syria, and were practically progressed and virtuous. Philo said of them, ' They do not sacrifice animals ; do not hoard up riches for themselves ; yet they regard themselves the richest of mankind ; because contentment of mind is riches. No war implements are found among them ; neither slaves nor slave owners; they hold that virtue and freedom belong together.' Their trinity is, 'Loveof God, love of virtue and love of mankind. ' THE MANIFESTO. 27 Their Order was not founded upon natural descent, but upon virtue and integrity of character. They required new converts who joined them, to sell their private possessions and divide with their poorer brethren; thus mutually share the burdens of life, and serve one another in love. They enjoined upon all the necessity of meekness and lowliness of spirit, and purity of heart and mind. They commended celibacy which enables a man or woman to abstain from connubial intercourse for the kingdom of heaven's sake ; but acknowledged that all could not receive, or enter into that state, only as was given them thus to do. Gensburg said; 'It can hardly be doubted that the Savior himself belonged to this holy brotherhood, that existed during a period of two hundred years before Christ. At the advent of the Messiah, the Jews were divided into three parties ; Pharisees, Saddueees and Essenes. Jesus often reproved the former, but not the latter. ' May we not reasonably gather the idea from ancient history, that Jesus brought many doctrines which he taught from the schools of the Essenes, which was the fruit of preceding generations, instead of all those beautiful lessons which he gave, coming directly to him, as a new revelation ? And that the quickening Spirit that descended upon and abode with him vivified and intensified those heaven-born principles, and enabled him to carry them forward to greater perfection ? If those in our own time who are waiting for what they call the millennial day, would prepare themselves for the event as did the ancient Essenes Avho were looking for the Messiah : How long would they have to wait before the Comforter, the true Witness, who now stands at the door knocking, would find entrance and sup with them and break the bread of life with them ? Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.