SOUL OF LIFE. MAKTHA J. ANDERSON. With thy abiding presence, Lord, And with T\\y mantle of encircling love Enfold us as the light envelops earth. O Sun of life ! O Fount of blessings new! Shine on us still, and still pour out Thy good. As morning mists roll up before the day That floods the earth with light ineffable; So in the glory of Thy countenance, May every shadow that bedims our way Retreat; may every care be turned to joy, And every duty wear fair pleasure's smile; May the tongue of murmuring be dumb, And the full rich spirit of thanksgiving Pour forth in songs of eestasj- and praise! As flowers expand, in beauteous robes arrayed , As blades of grass spring up from earth's dark sod, So may Thy lifeinherent in the soul Bring forth the types of things imperishable. We yearn for higher thoughts, for holier wings That lift above materiality, And bring our souls in rapport with the Infinite Soul of Life that permeates all worlds. Removed from passion's storm and hate of men, From envy, jealous}', and bitter words That pierce like scorpion fangs or poignant spear, Destroying human happiness and peace We would enjoy communion sweet with Thee. One hour, O Lord ! is better far than years Spent in the realm of sensuous delight; One quaff from the celestial fount of truth, Would satisfy the immortal longing, More than perpetual draughts from pleasure's spring; Who dips life's cup therein, shall find The bitterness of Marah's waters there. Ah! who would taste of sweets elysian, Must find the main-spring of their joy in Thee, Relax their hold on sublunary things, Nor deem what earth calls honor worth the strife. Her wealth takes wings, her knowledge flies Before the soul Who opes with glad surprise Her vision to the glories of Thy truth. 0 how my spirit mounts! intensified By the upwelling fullness of the love 1 feel expanding in my soul to Thee. Take all, all that this boastful world can give, But unto Thee forever I would live; Thy love supplants the transient loves of earth, The banquet of Thy peace all want supplies, And in the covert of Thy boundless grace, My soul would find indwelling life for aye. Mi. Lebanon, N. Y.