PROGRESS AND ORDER. o. p. LiTEItATURE and mathematics may be greatly unfolded, yet A, B, C, will ever remain at the root of one, and One, Two, Three, at the root of the other. So we may be assured, that in all branches of human progress, initial principles will ever be recognized. The progress made by the Jews from heathenism, was due to a measure of obedience to Hygienic and Moral Law. This statement is self-evident from the fact, that all human manifestations refer themselves to morals and hygiene. Science and Art, may be greatly unfolded, yet essentially, no real human elevation may occur. Such was the* case with the Egyptians ; they represented ancient heathen civilizations ; and such is the case exactly with modern civilization. The Pyramids are evidences of human vassalage, and of its consequent immoralities. The proverbial diseases of Egypt, attest violations of the Law of health. Modern civilization swarms with diseases, they attest its identity with the heathen civilizations of the past, as does also, the degradation of the wealth producers of Chris-tendom. Hygienic and Moral LaAV, and their fulfillment; will ever remain the fundamentals of human elevation. There is a wide difference betwee'n the light of ideas, and the light of life. A person may see and acknowledge the fitness of things, and in his life be practically dark. A scientific fact can be presented, and all is right. A hygienic law applied to heathen habits, and the result is otherwise. From this cause, there is much confusion appending to the matter of progress. However, we may assure ourselves, that if a people in their conduct ignore Hygienic Law, there can be no real human elevation. With regard to the location of an increase of living testimony. Shall it be at the center, or at the extremities? ' The wind bloweth where it listeth. ' 'Limit not the Holy one of Israel.' ' Hurt not the Oil nor the Wine'the THE MANIFESTO. 31 love of truth, and the inspiration thereof. An organized body is not obliged to accept any increase of testimony : but if any member, or a family manifests an increase of hygienic, or moral conduct, they ought not to be crushed down, nor retarded by the inertia of the body. The question has been asked, Shall an increase begin at the center, or at the extremities? Let us look around for emblematic illustrations. The rocks can instruct, the sunbeam enlighten and the plants of the earth give us knowledge. There is that wide spreading tree ; we inquire of it; how is it that thou hast acquired such dimensions, and yielded such beneficent results? giving us food, tuel, and shelter. The tree replies, I am an assemblage of individuals ; every bud I bear, is a tree in embryo. Our united labors during past years give the results you have stated. But what of progress? Well, I am a fruit bearing tree ; I was but one bud when I was planted; I grew and produced a number of buds, these again did likewise, and finally, I attained the size you see. Strictly speaking, I am a community; composed of many members working harmoniously together. My progress, growth and strength, have been at, and from my extremities. When thou wast a single bud, didst thou bloom and bear fruit? I did not; the united labors of a great many buds were necessary before I matured and could do that. How didst thou behave under such an innovation as blooming all over into white flowers ? 1 continued to grow, supported the increase, and left the growth and fruit buds to their respective duties. I have indeed manifested a degree of diversity in Unity, but there is a tree by the river, which yields twelve kinds of fruits, and its leavesdivine ideas are for the healing of human ills. It manifests a greater diversity than I do, it being a higher organism. Human Society is like me, an assemblage of individuals, and is truly an organism ; and if of the highest type, twelve manner of fruits may be forth coming. Low organisms do not admit of much diversity. It is the province of my roots and trunk to support the buds, and it is their threefold office, to strengthen the trunk, bloom and bear fruit. Unity of action is Order ; growth and fruit is Progress. Order will become stoneh'ed, if not fully compatible with Progress. Progress cannot be established, unless compatible with Order. Where Order is stonefied, an increase will be out of unity. My conditions of growth, are light, warmth, moisture, air. The conditions of the tree by the river of life, are divine light, love, and an atmosphere which invigorates and gladdens all divine forms. Its every bud, is a divine human spirit, accessible to Progress, and ever tending to Order. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.