NOTES THE MANIFESTO. FEBRUARY, 18S4L. In the cultivation of the religious element no sacrifice should be loo great. No obstacle should be too large to be removed by the faithful teacher in Christ. It is a work that exercises not only a salutary influence upon us while on our pilgrimage through this life but also gives us, at the same time, an assurance, according to the promise of the holy Spirit, of life eternal and a dwelling place among the redeemed. That we are called, as Believers, through the love and mercy of our God, to live ''soberly, righteously and godly in this present world' is quite well understood. It was the apostle's admonition to the primitive Christians as an essential rule for their spiritual protection. If in this day, however, greater privileges have been vouchsafed to us, than were shared by those of a former age, then it most assuredly becomes to manifest an exceeding righteousn... s and be the honorable representations of the life of Christ. Our treasures should be of the heavens rather than of the earth, lest moth and rust should consume them or that thieves should break through and steal. Called in the name of disciples away from the world, from its sins and its sorrows as well as from its enchanting pleasures, our lives are now to be remoulded by the life of Christ. Old things are to be done away and all things are to become new. Instead of a life of neglect where the laws of God are carelessly passed by as of but little worth, we have the warning which should never grow valueless ;To live soberly and righteously. To be temperate in all things must be the rule so that we may willingly and cheerfully reap the reward of that which we have sown in our own or in another's pathway. If we should bear in remembrance that all of the duties which pertain to our temporal, as well as to our spiritual interests should be tested by our highest conception of right, we might, possibly, by carefulness in speech and in manners, by our eating and drinking as well as by the general tenor of our lives, induce others by these good works to accept the testimony of truth and at the same time be made able to glorify our Father in heaven. As we are privileged, even while in this life, to grow in the Knowledge of the Lord, we shall also be formed anew as living souls. The character that was wrought out while we dwelt in Egypt, although it may have been the best that a land so dark and selfish could afford, w ould most assuredly need some radical changes before it could pleasantly harmonize with the spirit of a consecrated Community where every life should be devoted to God and to his people. Chosen as we are, from among the children of this world, to stand as the witnesses of the voice of Truth, our duty must be apparent. 'Say not ye, There are yet four months and then cometh harvest? Behold, Lift up your eyes and look on the fields ; for they are white already to harvest.' This was a valuable, practical lesson. Jesus would have his disciples understand, in all clearness, that they were God's spiritual reapers, and it was their divine mission to harvest souls from the elements of THE MANIFESTO. the world and gather them into His heavenly Kingdom. The disciples had not been called to become specially interested in either wheat or barley fields but called rather as teachers of righteousness and to invite souls to repentance ; to amend their own lives by a discipline to the cross, to live soberly, righteously and godly, and then as carefully and as faithfully assist others who might be led to accept the same holy calling. Our gospel work, as Believers, runs parallel with that of the disciples ; to publish the good news and glad tidings of a free and full salvation, and to give as liberally as we have received. If we shall become negligent of this sacred duty it would be a sad departure from the original, foundation principles upon which the Church of the Second Appearing of Christ was founded.