HER FUTURE LIFE F. W. EVANS. We must not believe in two places only hereafter, heaven and hell. It is not likely that all are to go either into perfect joy or unmitigated sorrow. This is a very crude and irrational notion, founded on the literal interpretation of some phrases of Scripture which our prosaic theologians have not had imagination enough to understand. God has made this world infinitely diversified with every degree of beinga longscale of musical gradations. Is God's law in this world a law of variety, and is his law in the other world a law of monotony? Has he a million different conditions for his creatures here, and only two there ? Believe it not! The other world is, no doubt as full of variety as this. It has an outward nature; as rich in air, earth, water, light, fire, 40 THE MANIFESTO. plants, vegetables, as this, our old familiar world ; only more graceful, more lovely, more various, more sublime, more tender. So, long ago, Milton wrote : ' What if earth Be but the shadow of heaven, and things therein Each to the other like, more than below is thought? ' The old theory was based on the parable of the Sheep and the Goats. It was nferred that there are only two classes in the other world, saints and sinners ; only two places, heaven and hell. But while each parable teaches some one special truth, all truth is not put into each parable. The particular truth taught by the ' sheep and goats' is, that those who have heard of Jesusthe Gentiles, or* heathenwill be judged according to their fidelity to the law in their hearts, which is a law of universal love. The essential difference between men is that they are selfish or unselfish. This parable declares that all generous, unselfish people are essentially Christians, whether they ever heard of Christ or not. But Jesus says explicitly, and without a parable, that there arc many different conditions in the other world, as in this. The law of degrees prevails there as here. If we expect all to go into one place when we go into the other world I think we shall be mistaken. There is a special place for every one to be born there, as there is here. Every child born into this world comes into a home of its own ; has its own father and mother, brothers and sisters, its own nation, country, town, language ; he is born in the country or city, among the mountains or by the sea, into the home of a farmer, a mechanic, a minister. One little child is born in Spain, one in India, one in I^ew England. Each of us, as we pass into the other wrorld, will go into a particular home there, suited tous, and which we are suited for. It is said of Judas that 'he went to his place,' the place that suited him, the place where he belonged, the place where it was best for him to go. So the Apostle Paul went to his place which suited him, the place where it was best for him to go. All this is not only scripturalr but reasonable ; so reasonable that Jesus seems to think it almost unnecessary to tell us of it. 'In my Father's house are many mansions ; if it were not so, I would have told you. ' We are also told that while a good deal of what we learn in this life will pass away, much will remain. 'We know in part, and we prophecy' (that is, teach) 'in part; but when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part will be done away.' But there are three great elements of spiritual life which remain : faith, hope, and love. The faith which abides 'n not any particular creed or belief; but it is that confidence in God, that trust in universal law, in the order of the universe, in a pervading, providing intelligence, in a blessed fatherly love, which is at the root of all intellectual activity, all intellectual progress. This faith is the ' substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.' It is the spring of all thought, reaching out from the known to the unknown. We go into the other world believing there is there plenty to know, that the laws of nature are infinite and inexhaustible; and that this faith is to abide in usproves that the other world is like this world in its inexhaustible opportunities for knowledge. There, as here, there will be infinite variety, boundless adap- THE MANIFESTO. 41 tations, facts of observation for the senses, beauty for the imagination, problems to be studied, deeper mysteries of science. There will be something corresponding to sunlight, to stars and moon, to ocean and mountain, to forest and meadow, to summer and winter. This little world has not exhausted the creative power of God. We here see but the border of his works, and listen to but a faint whisper concerning him. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.