My Dear Young Friends; Feeling desirous that you may find... Shaker Village, N. H. My Dear Young Friends ;Feeling desirous that you may find a permanent increase in faith and good works, we thought, perhaps, an expression of our interest in you all, through the medium of the Letter Box, might he a source of encouragement. We are pleased with the degree of earnestness manifested in desiring to become true Christians by those whom we best know, in our own church and trust that all of the class addressed in our homes, from Maine to Kentucky are at heart seeking to do just right. But do not rest satisfied or yield the strife, until you wear the clear impress of virgin souls, until by obedience to godly principles, you become beautified and adorned with the graces of simplicity, truth and purity, knowing no will of your own, but subject in all things, that no temptation of a worldly nature may have power to allure your minds from the blessing of all blessingspurity of spirit. Keep near to the fountains of life, and they will overflow to nourish you. Walk in the vale of humility, with a spirit of warfare against all haughtiness and vanity, that you may 'grow in favor' with God and his people. JSfow is the most acceptable time of life to make strong the foundation of a Christian character. See to it that you do not build upon the sand. You are blest with faithful guides before you, who have eyes of discernment, able to see your needs better than you can discover them yourselves; be obedient to their counsels which we believe will always accord with your inward convictions, if you seek to know your duty. Gentleness of manners is a beautiful quality in the character of young personsnot superficial manners, put on and taken off according to your associations ; but cultivated from motives of principle. Persons that are truly humble are always mild in their ways ; not given to idle conversation and loose habits, but reverential to superiors, to sacred places and subjects. This reverence grows from real love of virtuous principles ; unless you cultivate this in your daily life you cannot bring forth its fruits. Herewith accept our best love for the principle, and as we all increase in the beautiful gifts of the spirit, the interest will daily accumulate until the bond will fortify us against the strongest elements of the world. Be truthful, simple, obedient, gentle, kind and enduring, these virtues will adorn you above rubies, pearls or diamonds. Your Sister and Friend, E. Martin.