EDUCATION, No. 4. CALTIN a. KKBD. Who can peruse the sickening, and heartrending history of the Jewish wars, which put an end to their existence as a nation ; and of the scattering of them, as with a whirlwind, to the four qxiarters of the earth, and not feel a sorrowful regret for their consummate folly ? Or what does the dark age of the Christian era present, but the incontestable evidence, that ignorance is the greatest curse that can rest upon a people ? England manifested her folly in her treatment of her American colonies, and the dissenter from her Episcopal Church. These in turn exhibited their ignorance by persecuting those who differed from them, and in their mad career in the Salem Witchcraft. The French gave evidence of their arrogance in their Atheistic, bloody reign of terror, and their cruel persecution of the Huguenots. Spain demonstrated her cold-blooded inhumanity and fool hearted tyranny in the foul blot of her red handed curdling courts of the Inquisition. And so it runs : the more uncivilized, ignorant, and barbarous a people are, the more inconsistent, cruel and servile they become. England sought to enforce taxation without representation. This produced eight years of sanguinary conflict and heathenish barbarity, and the loss of thirteen of her American Colonies. The belief in the divine authority of kings, had a stronghold on the ignorant masses of America ; and even the moi*e intelligent, revolted at the idea of precipitating Avhat they considered treason. This feeling delayed the Declaration of Independence, and lengthened the period of the Revolutionary struggle, according 43 44 THE MANIFESTO. to Gen. Francis Marion, at least two years. This noble, humane officer, called the ' Washington of the South,' charged all this to the ignorance of the Southern States ; and that this ignorance prevailed, for the want of Free Schools, which would have cost them less than the expenses of the war. Said Marion; 'Oh! knowledge, is wanting, knowledge is wanting ! Israel of old. you know, was destroyed for lack of knowledge ; and all nations, all individuals, have come to naught from this cause.' ' Happiness signifies nothing, if it be not known, and properly valued. Satan we are told, was once an angel of light, but from want of duly considering his glorious state, he rebelled and lost all. And how many hundreds of Carolinians have we not known, whose fathers left them all the means of happiness, elegant estates, and, in short, every t blessing that the most luxurious could desire! Yet they could not rest until by drinking and gambling they had tooled away their fortunes, and rendered themselves the veriest beggars and blackguards on earth.' ' Why was all this, but for lack of knowledge ? Had those silly ones known the evils of poverty, what a vile thing it was to wear a dirty shirt, a long beard, or a ragged coat; to go without a dinner or to sponge it from growling relations ; or to be run over in the streets, by the sons of those who were once their father's overseers ; Had those poor boobies, in the days of their prosperity, known these things as they now do, would they have squandered the precious means of independence, and have brought themselves to all this shame and sorrow? Never, never, never !' ' And so it is, most exactly with nations. If those that are free and happy, did but know their blessings, do you think they would exchange them for slavery ? If the Carthaginians, for example, in the days of their freedom and self-government, when they obeyed no laws but of their own making ; paid no taxes but for their own benefit; and, free as air, pursued their own interests as they liked ; I say, if that once happy and glorious people had known their blessings, would they have sacrificed them all, by their accursed factions, to the Romans, to be ruled, they and their children, with a rod of iron, to be burdened like beasts, and crucified like malefactors ? Surely they would not. ' ' Well, now to bring this home to ourselves. We fought for self government; and God hath pleased to give us one better calculated perhaps to protect our right, to foster our virtues, to call forth our energies, and to advance our condition nearer to perfection and happiness, than any government that was ever framed under the sun. But what signifies even this government divine as it is, if it be not known and prized as it deserves? And this can best be done by establishing Free Schools. ' Notwithstanding all the efforts that such noble, valiant men as Marion put forth in defense of the cause of education, pointing out its benefits, and contrasting it with the disastrous influence of ignorance ; Yet the South clung to their folly, their idols of slavery, and of caste, till they produced the lamentable results of the late Civil War, which spread devastation in all their Mates, and caused the slaughter and death of a million men, the flower and strength of the nation ; the expenditure of billions THE MANIFESTO. 45 of money, and a like amount of waste of valuable capital, in industries and homes and improvements, and wasted opportunities, besides the breeding of moral pestilence and ruined character, in the lives of those who entered into the conflict. At the close of the Revolutionary War, and the acknowledged independence of the Colonies, had it not been for the influence of the Crisis and Common Sense, coupled with the judgment and keen foresight of such men as Washington, Franklin and those of their class, instead of a democratic government, with the power in the hands and keeping of the people, we should now be under the dominion of a monarchial rule with all its concomitant evils. But thanks be to the honored father of our country. He would not be a king, holding a scepter and wearing a crown. He had learned to detest tyranny, having with a suffering people deeply felt the fangs of its bitterness. With noble heroism, he set a worthy example to all future generations, that sovereignty is the inheritance of the people. For this, poets and orators have vied in speaking his praise. Proud Byron did him reverence in his song: ' Where may the wearied eye repose, When gazing on the great, Where neither guilty glory glows, Nor despicable State? Yesonethe firstthe lastthe best, The Cincinnatus of the West, Whom envy dared not hate Bequeathed the name of Washington, To make men blush there was but one. ' But why seek afar off to find the bitter apples of ignorance, when they lay so plentifully on our own domain ? Can any thoughtful mind dwell complacently on the results of a century's experience of our own development, and not feel a pang of regret that the frosts of ignorance, and the blights of indifference, have produced such waste and decimation among us as a people? We started with a warmth of zeal which promised a fruition of glory and brilliant success. Noble principles formed the foundation of our institution. We were a century in advance of the religious world. Inventive skill produced some of the most beneficial utilitarian implements, among which are the circular saw, the planing, and the matching machine. All that we needed to make us a successful, a prosperous, and a representative people ; true examples to mankind, was wise, aud intelligent foresight to encourage and foster the industrial skill of the people, by establishing abroad, an educational system, which would cover all the requisitions needed in every department of life, including the physical, mental, and the psychical development of a rational being. We glory in the spirit, perseverance, and results of our founders, and well we may. But what are we doing to sustain their honor, or to achieve one for ourselves? Is not our glory and power gradually passing from us ? And for what cause? Is it any other than our ignorance? Are we not supinely waiting for God to help us when it is oar duty to help ourselves ? Are we not giving our strength to laying up treasure upon earth, instead of seeking fiist the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness, and so are becoming dail) more and more liable of losing both ? Would it not be wise in us as a people, to consider crefully, prayerfully, and wisely, what we ought to have done that we have left undone, and what we have left undone that we ought to have done ? 46 THE MANIFESTO. What is it to be wise ? ' Tis but to know how little can be known, To see all others faults, and feel our own. ' Like causes produce like effects. The tree is judged by its fruits. What are we developing, that will prove for us, to be the grand anticipation of a century's future growth of noble, vanguard principles, as did our parents of a century ago ? Certainly they cannot be begotten of ignorance and indolence. We have made it our aim to be semimonastic, by alienating ourselves from the human family by a life of seclusion, which has to a great degree deprived us feeling the pulsating life of mankind, and thus have been left to float around the center of our isolation. Jesus Christ and Mother Ann did very differently from this. They felt that they had a mission that the people needed ; so they went from house to house, and from place to place, dispensing their treasures of sacred wealth and wisdom, and many heard them gladly and thanked God that they had lived to see that day ; but the foolish, the ignorant scoffed and persecuted. Nevertheless, their principles prevailed. Mount Lebanon, JV. Y.