BIBLICAL. NO. 1, BT H. C. BLINN. The Bible is certainly a wonderful book. It is now the book of the Christians, sacred to that order while all other publications may be denominated profane. Its impartial history of God's people from the time that Abraham left Babylon to the prophecy of Malachi, embracing- a period of some 3,600 years, is a work over which hundreds and thousands never become weary, while its exhortations, admonitions and promises have served, no doubt, to make a large per centage of those who have carefully read it, better men and women than they would have been without it. Theodore Parker says of this sacred book, 'This collection of books has taken such a hold on the world as no other. The literature of Greece, which goes up like incense from that land of temples and heroic deeds, has not half the influence of this book from a nation alike despised in ancient and modern times. It is read of a Sabbath in all the ten thousand pulpits of our land. In all the temples of Christendom is its voice lifted up, week by week. The sun never sets on its gleaming page. It goes equally to the cottage of the plain man and the palace of the King. It is woven into the literature of the scholar, and colors the talk of the street. ' This sacred book of the protestant order of Christians so far as it has preserved an account, of the manifestation of God's work among men, free from the errors of translators and revisers, may with all propriety be designated the scriptures of truth. It is said to contain the best record that has been preserved of the creative work of God and has also furnished us with the historical account and religious experience of the Hebrew nation. Prom its great antiquity and the reverential regard in which the book is held, no other publication, under present circumstances, can take its place. It can be no argument against the book, that it admits of war and slavery and many other things which the present state of society condemns. It is the history of an infant age, of a barbarous age, when to a great extent, Might was Right. In this respect it may bear a close relation to all ancient history. Babylon was filled with its deeds of barbarism and religious licentiousness. Carthage with its savage deity was a city of horror. Greece with its mythology and corrupting religious influences was not, certainly, in advance of the Jews. Cassell speaking of the writings of Moses, says, ' Such a code of laws as is embodied in this portion of Sacred Writ, is nowhere to be found in the jurisprudence of any other nation under heaven. Never had laws their basis in such profound wisdom, never were they as benevolent in their character, and never so salutary in their influence. ' A testimony like this, in favor of a work that was written some three thousand years, in the past, should enlist the careful attention of every reader. While a diligent study of the Bible may reveal to us conditions not in harmony with oiir views of righteousness, it may at the same time afford us many useful lessons, for the journey of life. No one thinks of throwing away all his books and papers because two or more chapters in each may not agree with his understanding of religious and scientific knowledge. He would dwell upon that which appeals to the better qualities of the mind, and allow the other to fade away. So read the Bible. It is readily admitted that the New Testament or Covenant was written by a very different class of men, and that the inspiration of the work was as much beyond that of the old Testament, as the mission of Jesus Christ was in advance of the Mosaic law. This holds us directly, pleasantly and intelligently in correspondence with its doctrine of God's love to man. It foreshadows a dispensation of glad tidings, of peace and of brotherly love to which we as yet remain strangers. Unlike the old Testament dispensation the testimony of Jesus dwells upon the spiritual education of the mother and children as well as of the father. It gives us the outline of the life of Jesus, who walked with God very differently from either Enoch or Noah. A careful study of this part of the Bible and a discipline of the mind to its best instruction would transform men and women into mes- 38 THE MANIFESTO. sengers of love, into angels of God, and this world into a Paradise of peace. Many persons have the idea that the Bible is a verbal inspiration from God and hence every word and every letter is mysteriously correct, and those who could not accept this chimerical view have been denounced as unbelievers in the Bible, as schismatics and as heretics. Although the Bible may give a very vivid account of the manifestation of God among men, and of the visitation of the Holy Spirit, yet it is as true that the Scriptures are only historical and do not contain that Spirit' The Word of God is quick and powerful, sharper than any two-edged sword, and a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. ' But the book or Bible can never hold any such place. That part of the Scriptures which comprises the Law and the Prophets was held as a sacred book by the Jews, as is the whole Bible by the Protestants of to-day,the only guide. It was examined with great diligence jo ascertain whether Jesus was a true descendant from the house of David or whether he was an impostor. Jesus took the opportunity on several occasions to rebuke this narrow, bigoted idea, by saying to them, ' Ye search the scriptures for in them ye think ye have eternal life !! and then as much as to say to them,how very stupid! If you read the scriptures correctly you would readily see that ' they testified of me.' Paul was no less emphatic and denominates the word on Sinai the ministration of death, engraven on stones, for ' the letter killeth, ' but that his brethren were the declared epistles of Jesus Christ, written not with ink, but with the spirit of the living God. To denominate the Bible the 'Word of God ' and the only rule by which man should walk originated among an arbitrary sectarian class of religionists to prevent others from accepting the ever present revelation of God. The two great Christian denominations, the Catholics and Protestants have each a translation of the Bible, which they are pleased to denominate the only, true Word of God, while they look iipon each other as antichristians, and upon the Bible not of their own order as a false and spurious translation. It was by this sectarian work that the most inconsistent ideas relative to the goodness of God have been established, creeds been formed and an arbitrary worship formulated. It is quite certain that if the Scriptures were all consumed, the Word of God would ever remain the same, and that those who are led by the spirit of God would be denominated the sons and daughters of God. Canterbury, N. II.