The Government of Christ's Kingdom, a Theocracy. ABRAHAJC PERKINS. It should be thoroughly understood that the Government of the Kiagdom of Heaven is neither a Monarchy nor a Democracy ; yet, we find in its nature the elements of both forms prefigured. It is a Theocracy. In its administration, it partakes so much of a Monarchical form as to establish a central power, a throne or tribunal for final decision on all questionable matters ; and so much of the Democratic form as to embody tli3 voice of the people to sus'am it and make its acts legitimate. It is not all throne nor all the voice of the people ; either of which would produce absolutism and monopoly, and furnish a direct fruitful support to self, the arch enemy of the Kingdom. Monarchy fosters and builds up an Aristocracy ; it creates in society castes of high and low, from which condition, neither merit nor demerit removes the stamp of honcr or degradation. In its extreme, it becomes despotic and most unjust. Democracy tends to the leveling of humanity to a common plane. ; and when carried to an extreme, would ignore the respect and dignity justly due to office and that legitimate authority necessary for the power and strength of society. In a Theocratic Government, the lessons as taught by Jesus for the maintenance of order and harmony gave officers and 28 THE MANIFESTO. endowed them with power to bind or loose on Earth, even as bound or loosed in Heaven. The Apostles also commanded subjection to Principalities and Powers ; all of which, both in Church and State, should be received as admonitions and lessons of instruction, sufficient to fit man for the duties of life in all things pertaining to human interest and the development and progress of the human mind. No institution or body formed for religious, social or political purposes, neither for any other relation or economy of life can possibly exist without order, the first law of Heaven. For the protection of any organization, the body must be properly officered, having a tribunal whose decision must be final ; otherwise, institutions and societies breed contempt, become confused, divided, disorganized, wrecked, lose their power and fall to pieces, not unfrequently bringing in their destruction mutiny and rebellion, which conclude their history. Because of system for business, for existence and growth, it does necessarily follow, that in society there must be high and low, rich and poor, master and servant. The principle that reduces to equality of condition regulates that feature and gives to the supervisor and menial, priest and layman equal honor; and each in their turn may be called to the same position or vocation in a Theocratic as in a Republican form of Government. Enfiekl, N. 11.