DUTY. .JOANNA ,T. KAIMK. ' Stern daughter of the voice of God! O Duty ! if that name thou love Who art a light to guide, a rod, To check the erring, and reprove; Thou who art victory and law When empty terrors overawe, Give unto me made lowly wise, The spirit of self-sacrifice. ' To conscientiously regard my highest conception of truth ; by rendering obedience thereto as a line, or path of duty regardless of the issue, was a lesson early impressed upon my understanding with few rose-colored tints to gild the setting of the pearl to my then ideal, MARY WHITCHKB. THE MANIFESTO. 39 rather than practical view of life. As I advanced in years however, the benefit derived from giving heed to this injunction has been of inestimable value, and I venture to assert that as persons are guided by this inflexible rule or law, they will accomplish a corresponding amount of work in that field of labor wherein their energies are directed. Indeed little good would have been achieved had not this stern and unyielding principle incited to action the world's great benefactors. Had the human triumphed at the cross when Jesus was called to meet its ignominy, who can say the tide of progress would not have rolled backward (if that were possible) until another instrument was found able for the sacrifice ? Had Ann Lee when called to her noble mission halted to 'confer with flesh and blood' where would her name and honor be to-day but with the multitude who have been 'weighed and found wanting' because unwilling to be as ' clay in the hands of the Potter'unwilling to forego earthly appetites and inclinations in deference to a higher law, and this as clearly revealed to their understanding as to the honest earnest seeker after righteousness.Where rests the responsibility today that so many are found in our Communities singularly blest with a knowledge surpassing the wisdom of this world and yet indifferent tc the sacred trust committed to their charge, while the earnest few, who are lost to personal considerations are working with more than human energy for the wholesome growth upon which rests the maintenance and perpetuity of our virgin Order. All of us who have placed our names as supporters of our Covenantal relation have thereby pledged loyalty to the vital principles which constitute us a living church. We are bound by all that is high and holy in our profession to walk circumspectly and unselfishly with an eye single to the glory of that being who has called us out of ' nature's darkness ' or a generative life into his ' marvelous light' or the work of regeneration. ' All that defiles or makes a lie ' should be consumed by honest confession and genuine repentance. Let us as Brethren and Sisters of one household awake to a deeper sense of our spiritual duties, to our God, to each other, and to the whole human family, believing that we shall all find sooner or later, ' The path of duty is the only path of safety.' Canterhury, JV