[Contributed by Julia A. Briggs.] THE PILGRIM FATHERS. The following address to the pilgrims while at Delft-Haven, by their pastor, John Robinson, prior to their embarkation for the New World, is note-worthy for a humility, as well as a candor and liberality, which modem Religionists might copy with advantage : 'Brethren! we are now quickly to part from one another, and whether I may live to see your faces any more on earth, the God of Heaven only knows; but whether the Lord has appointed that or not, I charge yoa before God and his blessed Angels, that you follow me no further than you have seen me follow the Lord Jesus Christ. 'If God reveal anything unto you by any other instrument of his, be as ready to receive it as you were any truth by my ministry ; for I am persuaded, I am very confident the Lord has more truth yet to break forth out of his word. For my part I cannot sufficiently bewail the condition of the Reformed Churches, who are come to a period in religion, and will go, atpresent, no further than the instruments of their reformation. The Lutherans cannot be drawn to go beyond what Luther saw. Whatever part of his will our good God hath revealed unto Calvin, they will rather die than embrace it. And the Calvinists, you see, stick fast where they were left by that great man of God, who yet saw not all things.' 'This is a misery much to be lamented; for though they were burning and shining lights in their times, yet they penetrated not into the whole counsel of God; but were they now living, would be as willing to embrace further light as that which they at first received. I beseech you to remember, it is an article of your Church covenant, that you be ready to receive whatever truth shall be made known to you from the written word of God. Remember that, and every other article of your sacred covenant. But I must herewithal exhort you to take heed what ye receive as truth. Examine it, consider it, and compare it with other Scriptures of trutli before ye receive it; for it is not possible that the Christian world should come so lately out of anti-christian darkness, and that perfection of knowledge should break forth at once.'