PIONEERS OF THE WESTERN RESERVE. No. 2 [Notes referring to the Shakers of North Union, Ohio, as published by Harvey Rice in a work entitled, Pioneers of the Western Reserve. Some explanatory remarks are added by J. S. Prescott, a member of the Society of North Union.] The civil authorities interfered and committed her to prison. While thus imprisoned, she alleged that she saw in the night-time a vision of Christ standing before her, and that he became one with her in form and in spirit. When released from prison she announced herself as the 'Bride of the Lamb.' This provoked a popular storm of jeers and ridicule, with attempts at personal violence. Her fears induced her, with seven of her disciples, to emigrate to America.* They pitched their tent in the wilderness near Albany, N. Y. This occurred about the year 1775. Here her name and fame went abroad; and in the course of a few years hundreds of American converts adopted her faith, and a society was established at New Lebanon, ST. y. She was suspected by politicians of being a British spy, and in 1780 was imprisoned for some time at Poaghkeepsie, but was soon released. She announced that she should not die, f *Tt was fcot persecutions alone but by a special revelation she had, that induced her and all who chose to accompany her, to emigrate to America, where further tidings awaited them. Ann Lee was horn a medium. She had heavenly visions; saw and talked with angels from her childhood, and probably, would never have entered the married state, if she had not lost her mother while young, and beiug over-persuaded by her natural kindred, to do so, contrary to her early convictions, and remonstrances against it, but she had human nature, Iike all other women. She was heard to say there, was enough to people the earth without those who had conscientious scruples against it. J ' For. in the day that thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die.' Genesis, ii., 17. 'InAdam all die,' the same death which he died, who do the same works, and this same death reigned from Adam to Moses, and from Moses to Christ, and from Christ down to the present Any, and does still reign; See Epnesians, ii., 1. This was the death that Ann Lee alluded to when she said, she. ' should not die.' It was her soul, and not her body, and she never did die, nor any of her true followers, the death of Adam, after they were resurrected in Christ. 'Neither can they die any more.' See Luke xx., 36. and, as was trie death in Adam, so, also is the resurrection in Christ, spiritual i. e. the soul, and not the bodvr, hence, there can be no other resurrection than that which is spiritual. Because ' in Christ shall all be made alive,' and that life is eternal. She never taught any other doctrine than the death of the human bod)', without its ever being- resurrected or translated. but would at the close of her mission be suddenly translated to heaven, like Enoch and Elijah. Her followers believed this. Yet she did die at Watervliet, near Albany, Sept. 8, 1784. Still her adherents earnestly insist that this was not real death, but a miraculous transfiguration and ascension. It is certain, however, that her doctrines have survived her and seem destined never to die. It cannot be doubted that Ann Lee was a remarkable personage, a religious enthusiast as earnest as irrepressible. She taught doctrines which her followers have somewhat modified since her death. They now hold, that in going into union, they die to the world, and enter upon a millennial life; and that' death, when it does come, is but a change of form, or transfiguration, and a re-union with purified saints in heaven: and that earth is heaven. They say that those who have passed out of sight are still in union with them on earth. They also assert that the advent of Mother Ann was the second advent of Christ in the form of a woman, and that the God-head consists of the Mother-hood as well as the Father-hood of God. In other words, God is dual, both male and female. (To Be Continued.)