HATE vs. LOVE. NANCY G. DANFORTH. When man first transgressed the laws of God, then came hatred and strife, and as men increased and multiplied on the earth, so also multiplied the elements of discord and enmity. Through these elements in man even God was judged to be cruel and vindictive, full of wrath and indignation. Hence, during the early dispensation, we find God represented as being angry with the people when they sinned, and often times many lives were destroyed. Thus we read on, through all the pages of the Old Testament and find no way of escape from the displeasures of a jealous God ; even the last sentence ending ' with a curse. ' It is true, obedience to the law was always commanded under penalty of the wrath of God, but, as the power of obedience was lost in the first transgression, there must of necessity be some way found of restoring it. It seems that this never could be realized while man believed in a God having like passions with himself, subject to anger and hatred, for it is true no people can rise higher than their idea of God. When, in the fullness of time, Christ was revealed, and the angels sang the glad song,' Glory to God in the highest; on earth peace and good will to man,' then commenced a revolution in the minds of men, concerning the nature and attributes of God. Jesus himself declares that, '-God is love,' not hate, and thej who live in the spirit of godliness, live in love and sweet communion of soul. Our daily strife should be, would we be restored, or ' redeemed from the powers of the fall,' to live in that perfect love of God which will not permit us to look upon Him as an enemy filled with wrath at our short-comings. When we walk in humility, live holy, blameless lives, then we obey the injunction, 'Fear God and keep his commandments,' because we fear to grieve the beautiful spirit of love and tenderness which watches over us for our good. It is not a servile fear, which would bid us perform some unjust or unreasonable act of penance. Love requires no sacrifice but of our own selfish natures, when we are inclined to grasp some pleasure or good at the expense of the feelings of our companions, then we should control self and yield the coveted prize in favor of others. By constant self-denial we finally obtain the victory over all lower, baser desires and rejoice in the reward of perfect love, not only to a few souls of our own kindred, but it is boundless as the universe and manifests itself in doing good to all mankind. Canterbury, N. H.