[Contributed by Betsey Johnson.] A THOUGHTLESS BOY PUNISHED 'I shall never forget, ' remarked a friend of ours once, 'an incident of childhood, by which I was taught to be careful not to wound the feelings of the unfortunate. A number of us school children were playing by the roadside, one Saturday afternoon, when the stage-coach drove up to the neighboring tavern , and the passengers alighted. As usual, we gathered around to observe them. Among the number was an elderly gentleman with a cane, who got out with much difficulty, and, when on the ground, he walked with the most curious contortions. His feet turned one way, his knees another, and his whole body looked as though the different members were independent of each other, and every one was making motions to suit itself. ' 'I unthinkingly shouted, 'Look at old Rattle-Bones !' while the poor man turned his head, with an expression of pain which I can never forget. Just then to my surprise and extreme horror, my father came around the corner, and immediately stepping up to the stranger, shook his hand warmly, and assisted him to walk to our house, which was but a short distance. 'I could enjoy no more play that afternoon, and when teatime came I would gladly have hidden myself; but I knew it would be in vain, and so trembling went into the sitting room. To my great relief, the stranger did not recognize me, but remarked pleasantly to my father, as he introduced me : ' Such a fine boy is surely worth the saving ! ' ' How the words cut me to the quick ! My father had often told me the story of a friend who plunged into the river to save me, as I was drowning, when an infant, and who in consequence of a cold then taken, had been made a cripple by inflammatory rheumatism; and this was the man I had made a butt of ridicule and a laughing stock for my companions !' ' I tell you boys and girls, I would give many dollars to have the memory of that event taken away. If ever you are tempted as I was, remember that, while no good comes of sport whereby the feelings of others are wounded, you may be laying up for yourselves painful recollections that will not leave you for a life time. ' Selected.