Dear Friend Your letter of 27th ult. has just reached us... Shakers, Albany Co., N. Y. Dec. 8, 1883. Dear Friend Your letter of 27th ult. has just reached us. Why so late, we do not know. Well, in this you tell us your purpose in wishing to join our community, is to better your life. This is very good. But, under your circumstances, the most proper way for you, is to begin to better your life in outside society. You tell us you are 'completely broken, both in money and clothes,'' Now our Com' munity is not a pauper house! You should not once think of coming here as a vagrant, seeking some institution to clothe and feed you; if your constitution is broken, and your health destroyed by dissipation, or misfortunes you are not blamable for and could not avert, the most proper place for you is to remain where you are. If able to work, and earn your living, your food and clothing, do not presume to come to any of our communities, until you toil and earn, and save, not drink your earnings, until you are able to buy and wear a good decent suit of clothes, be free from debt, and have money enough in your pocket to bear your expenses to New Orleans ; and are free from all cutaneous corruptions. Then, if you feel ready to come to some one of our Communities, cleanly and handsomely clad, and willing and determined to bear your cross against a fleshly, corrupt, demoralizing life, against diunkenness, laziness, and every kind of evil, you may come and we will give you a trial privilege. But, do not, for one moment, think we are going to send you money to come here, and dress you decently, and support you when you get here, by your pretentions to desire to better your life, which, however, is a good desire, and we bless it; but prove to us this fact, by going to work, earning money, and clothing yourself decently. When a decent winter suit for a man can be got for $12.00, or $15.00, and a man working faithfully, if able to work, can earn from $12.00 to $25.00 per month, in common kinds of labor, there is no reasonable excuse for a man to go in rags; and, while there are rivers of water, and abundance of combs and brushes, there is no need of his going dirty, or slovenly! Do not think to come to any of our Institutions under the supposition that we are so needy of members that we covet filth, and idleness ; far from it. Nay, clothe, and fit yourself for decent society, before you attempt to call on the Shakers, for a home ! We do not despise poverty, when it is an unavoidable condition and for such unfortunates the Alms house is the proper home ; and we pay our share for its support. Ours, is essentially a religious Institution; and its charities are administered to those toiling in the field of God's reform for human society; beginning, by confessing and forsaking all sin; and then being sober, industrious, and self-denying. We love all mankind! Accept a share, and wake up; go to work, and do good. Your true Friend, Giles B. Avery.