APPRECIATIVE. JANE CROOKER. While perusing the varied expressions of fak'h and sincerity contained in the Manifesto, we are pleasantly reminded of a dearly loved circle of gospel friends with many of whom, we have been privileged to become personalty acquainted. Others we have learned to love by their kindly jottings in our paper. We are reminded of one contribution entitled 'Soul Travel' in February No. 1882, that deeply impressed our mind, and led us to ask, What are we doing that shall help to build and sustain the God-like, heavenly home that was predicted and so earnestly prayed for in those beautiful sentiments? We need to awaken to the necessities of the day and pledge our lives anew to sustain the principle of gospel truth anU purity which give impetus to.every 'soul traveler' and are the foundation-stone^ of the city of (rod. Henceforth we will cultivate with, greater care the Christ-Life in our hearts ;, encourage and stimulate all with whom, we associate; give more time andt: thought to soul-growth than to earthly' claims and pleasures. That ideal condition of heavenly happiness will never be attained unless we. willingly pass through the testing furnace of self-denial and humiliation which shall effectually subjugate all seltish interests and narrow partial relations for the attainment of that element of purity and boundless charity which the soul, loves. We could never rest satisfied with the untiring efforts of others, to ' sustain the structure ' but may we emulate and pattern their labors of love and sympathy for the good of other souls l&gt;y adding our mite of influence. , While we so bountifully share the protection and blessing of a religious association, may we give freely of the best and purest gifts that we are Capable of bestowing, for, ' We want our names written In letters of fine gold, Among the pure in spirit, With the Lamb of God envoi led. We want our souls' possessions In the gifts of God, for where Are centered our affections, We find our interests are. Canterbury, N. H.