CONFESSION. FLOYD C. FIELD. 'If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.' The confession of sin is one of the crosses which all must necessarily pass through, before entering upon the Christplane of life. Confession of one's wrongs from a worldly stand-point is one of the most humiliating ordeals in which man can be placed. Many would consider it the most ignominious punishment which could be inflicted upon them. Mankind naturally are deceitful, they seem desirous to cover their sins. They want the world to believe that their virtues are in excess of their evil propensities. How often do their trained facial expressions, their rhetorical culture and flowery words debar those with whom they come in contact, of seeing their true inward nature. If our eyes could penetrate the hearts of some, whom the world look upon as examples, worthy of emulation, what an adverse picture would be presented to us. Bitter hatreds and thoughts coiled like serpents would be seen nestling within their breasts. We should see souls sapped of their vitality by the gnawing tooth of sensuality and lust. We would see their spirituality wrecked beneath the crumbling walls of vanity, selfishness and revenge. ' Man looketh on the outward appearance but the Lord looketh on the heart.' Many no doubt look upon confession as degrading iu the extreme, but why is it ? It is because they strive against it. It is because worldly pride predominates in their nature. Also the lacerations of expiation always renders confession doubly painful, but honest confession will bring joy to the soul, yea, by gaining victory over this secretive propensity we can then begin to rise in the pure atmosphere of divine love. We can then realize that a victory gained within ourselves is of all victories the most glorious. 'A man that ruleth his spirit is greater than he that taketh a city.' It is far better to control and subdue ourselves than to be monarchs of earthlv kingdoms. The first step which indicates spiritual growth is child-like simplicity. 'Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child shall in no wise enter therein.' Whoever is willing to give up self, willing to confess and forsake their sins are not far from the kingdom of heaven. One step higher will make them children of the resurrection, yea, enter the order God has established on earth, follow in the footsteps of the two Anointed Ones, and all such, God will bless, -and count them children of the celestial kingdom. Mankind generally prefer the lower plane, 'For wide is the gate and bread is the way that leadeth to destruction and many there be that go in thereat.' Mankind in their unregenerated state can truthfully say, 'We lie down in our shame and our confusion covereth us, for we have sinned against the Lord our God ; we and our fathers from our youth, even unto this day and have not obeyed the voice of the Lord our God. ' '' Neither have we hearkened unto thy servants, the prophets which spoke in thy name, to our fathers and all the people of the land.' All who confess their sins in the presence of God's chosen witnesses are elevated to a summit of purity which the world can never reach. 'Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord or who shall stand in hi3 holy place ? He that hath clean hands and a pure heart Avho hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity nor sworn deceitfully, he shall receive the blessing from the Lord.' When the defiled garments of sin are thrown aside and we become clad in the white robes of purity, then true happiness can be realized, also we can feel that we are more than compensated for all our worldly sacrifices. The sincerity of any one who enters Christ's fold can to a great extent be tested Avhen they confess their sins before God's witnesses. An honest child who desires to enter the Kingdom will confess everyjknown sin, with the spirit of meekness and humility, by so doing their sins are forgiven, confession is the door, through which all must enter, who desire to be heirs of the Kingdom. ' He that eutereth not by the door into the sheep-fold but climbeth up some other Avay, the same is a thief and a robber. ' Some no doubt enter into the fold by climbing over the wall of deception, but inevitably they fall, crushed beneath the weight of their own consciences which ultimately will result in a spiritual death, as was demonstrated concerning Ananias and Sapphira. The door of confession is the only entrance through which we can enter the fold in safety. ' I am the door : by me if any pan enter in he shall be saved, and shall ;go in and out and find pasture. ' May allwliQ are prepared to live the higher life, enter the fold and become heirs of the Kingdom. Those who accept this inheritance can understand the reality of being cleansed from all uniigh,teousness, also rays of divine light will illumine their pathway as they enter the mansions of glory which a, heavenly Father and Mother hath prepared for them on the other side. 'Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord and the people whom he hath chosen for his own inheritance. ' 'The righteous shall inherit the land and dwell therein forever.' South Unipn, Ky.