Books and Papers Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Journal, or Health. March. Contents: A Simple Reined)7; Health Maxims; Exercise; Health ; Heart Affections; Catarrh; Cases of Longevity ; etc., etc. E. II. Gibbs, M. D. Editor, No 21 Clinton Place. 8th, St. N. Y. $1.00 a year. Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Phrenological Journal and Science ok Health. March, Contents. Theodore Parker; The Territory of Alaska, with illustrations; The Poetess of Sappho; Science, a little mixed; Men of Ideas; Signor Mavio; A Revised Classification; The Social Ideal; Observations on Amativeness; Duncan's Motto; Brain TV7ork; How to Grow; Notes in Science and Agriculture; Poetry, etc., etc. Fowler &amp; Wells. Tub. 753 Broadway, N. Y. Price, $2 a year. Herald of Health Herald of Health, March. Contents; Is life worth Living; Austrian Recollections: The Nursery; Turkish Baths; Tea and Coffee as causes of Dyspepsia; Studies in Hygiene for Women; Rye Bread, etc., etc. ' M. L. Holbrook, M. D. 13 &amp; 15 Laight St. N. Y. $1 a year. Crayon Papers Wasliiiig-ton Irving-'H ''Crayon Papers.*' This very Prince in the realm of letters is at last able to enter the homes of ordinary mortals. Until lately his inimitable productions have been practically inaccessible on account of their high cost. The recent expiration of copyright has freed them from the short-sighted monopoly which has preferred to harvest (he dollars of the thousands rather than the dimes of the millions of his countrymen who take delight in his memory. The very beautiful Elzevir edition of his ' Crayon Papers, ' with a brilliant sketch of the Lite of Irving by the poet, R. II. Stoddard, making a volume of over 350 pages, is just issued and the publisher with a view to securing promptly the immense sale that is necessary to make the low price possible, offers to send, if ordered at once, a specimen copy, in neat cloth binding to auy address, for the nominal price of 35 cents, or in half Russia binding for 45 cents. Irving's complete Works are offered for prices ranging from less than .$6.00, upwards. The cheapest edition until recently cost over $30.00, The publisher will send specimen pages free to any one upon request. JOHN B. ALDEN, Publisher, Vesey Street, New York.