LAND LIMITATION LAW. F. W. EVANS. Land limitation is the one tiling needful in these United States. The man, woman or paper that will begin an agitation upon this subject and pursue it to a successful issue will become as immortal as John Brown, whose soul is marching on toward the emancipation of wages, slavery, hirelings, which is much deeper seated and far more universal than chattel slavery ever was on this planet. Vested rights may not be touched. What then can be done ? Where there is a will there is a way. Let land limitation be prospective. From Jan. 1, 1884 no citizen of these United States, male or female, shall buy and become possessed of more than 100 acres of land. So fast as present landlords die their estates shall pass to landless heirs, 160 acres each, the overplus shall go into the market and be sold within one year, each heir receiving equal share of the proceeds. The operation of such a law would be like the dew of Mt, Hermon, the people would be continually refreshed thereby. Death would be a joyous messenger in the land. Let the funeral of a land monopolist become a festive occasion. But if death claimed a land monopolist who had voluntarily sold or given away the legal overplus of his estate, let the mourners honor him or her by erecting some cheap but enduring memorial, such as planting a particular kind of tree in a section of the burial ground set apart by each town as a memorial ground wherein none other should have the honor to be interred. How long would land monopolists run the risk of having the bells rung, the cannon fired and bonfires lighted at their exit from the scenes of their unpatriotic earthly labors ? I think there is far more latent good in the hearts of evil-doers than philanthropists give them credit for. Witness the fact that some of the most efficient abolitionists were from the ranks of slave-holders and that the civil war itself* was largely sustained by the self-sacrificing capitalists to whose misdirected financial abilities it owed its origin. 'The foundations of the earth are out of course. ' The system of government may be largely improved. It can come only gradually. The blessings flowing from aland limitation law require an abler pen and more vivid imagination than mine to properly depict. In every town in each county of New York state would begin a new life. Young men and women now looking westward for a homestead in which to build up a family would begin to lay by a little capital, to wait and watch the annual land market to secure the coveted prize. Farms would multiply, dwelling houses with their accessories be built, schools be better supplied with children and far better supported than at present; and public schools would soon become industrial schools, where economy, industry and health would be among the subjects of education. Roads, lecture halls and meeting houses would be within easy reach of the people of a densely populated town, and the products of each district would be largely consumed by the producers in that neighborhood. When so much good and no possible evil would flow from the land limitation law why may we not have it without unnecessary delay, to the end that there be neither rich nor poor left in the land ? Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.