Read at the Funeral of Elder Amos Stewart of Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Mar., 1884. ELIZAETTE SUTTON. [See Manifesto, Apr. 1884.] ' Makk the perfect man and behold the upright for the end of that man is peace. ' We have now met to pay the last tribute of respect to our beloved Elder, who has come to the close of life without a murmur or regret. We cannot wrestle with fate nor trifle with its blows. We feel that this is but the sickle stroke of the good reaper, whose garner is the immortal spheres of love and light. His lamp which was ever filled and burning, will light him onward; it cannot go out on his beautiful transfer to other and more glorious scenes. Though the years of our departed Brother were over four score, we would gladly have retained him yet a little longer for his strength to Zion, through his godly example, and his patient, wise and forbearing spirit. By the presence of such ones among us, we are led into fellowship with the unseen of higher life, and are made to breathe a purer air, while we are conscious of a blessing which passes from such lives into our own. If there is aught to love in life, there is something to mourn in death. Our beloved Elder was endeared to all who knew him ; his presence was beautiful, his absence we deeply feel. His wide-spread fame, gave him the reputation of possessing many excellent qualities. He was a noble type of manhood. ' Mark the perfect man. ' It is well known, that the stature of the perfect man is attained only by slow gradations of travail, study, effort and patience. In his life-course he persistently kept the peace, and was saved by his righteousness. The more we look into his inteiior life, the more are his virtues displayed. He was Sound in judgment, pure in principle, and great' in mercy and love. As a spiritual leader, he was unsurpassed in faithfulness and close adherence to gospel rule. He taught what he really practiced, unostentatiously and confidently. From the age of twenty one he was the choice of the people to officiate as an Elder, and he accepted the duties in a calm, quiet, and subdued manner, as did our Savior, when he walked with men, while in the visible form. We can never forget the pleasure we have often experienced in his public ministrations, when words failed to express the ever-welling fountain of the Christ baptism and life. Even his silence communicated more of the spirit of God, than would a trumpet voice, or a tongue gifted with eloquent speech, without his knowledge and goodness. He was clothed with inspiration and from the depth of his earnest heart his language was altogether lovely in wisdom and power. True principles were early engrafted in him. They grew with his growth, making him a radiant star, and a model Christian. As we are mortal in our sympathies, so are we in our strength of endurance. It is but human to mourn our loss of one of the best our Community affords. God's heritage exists on the vitalizing influence of such souls, whether in the mortal form, or obscured from our sight. It seems especially fitting for the day and circumstance, that we should .levote this hour to thoughts in memory of our much esteemed Elder Amos, whose travail and career is so interwoven with his various positions in the general cause of our adoption, associated as he was with the Ministry and Elders in different places. His disinterested and wise example will stand as a monument of glory and as a tower of strength. Our remembrance of him is honor and esteem, as he goes with his character into the eternal world. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.