IN MEMORY OF ELDER OTIS SAWYER. HESTER A. ADAMS. ' Greater love hath no man than this; that a ma?i lay down his life for his friends. ' We feel, our dear Brother, how bitter the cup Pressed close to our lips, that we're called to drink up, And silently say, ' Not my will be done ' But Thine, Heavenly Father, as did thy blefct Son; Who plead that the cup might pass by, but, ah nay That last bitter agony, no power could stay. As did Christ's disciples, bereit of their friend Feel their loss severely, so we feel the same, And pray, humbly pray, that the Comforter come To sof en the sorrows in our Zion home. Our Brother, how steadfast he stood in the Cause ! From childhood to age he supported its laws By a life of strict purity, faithful anri true; To speak of his virtues, seems justly his due. His heart of affection with tenderness rife, Would feel others' griefs, and help sweeten their life; Whatever his calling, or burdens to bear, [spare; He wrought with full purpose, no strength would he The aged and feeble, his sympathies knew; The youthful and erring, he taught how to do To find sweet forgiveness from sorrow and sin, By prayer, faith and labor, the victory win. The lambs of the flock, How I love them! he'd say; My treasures, my interest, my charge every day; I pray for them parly, I pray noon and night, Their growth in the gospel is my soul's delight. O, blest Angel Brother! we ne'er can forget The long happy hours, without one regret We've spent in thy presence, where peacefulness ruled, And talked of our home in the heavenly world! Kich counsels that thrilled thro' the hearts of the good, Rang out in his voice, as God's quickening word; The strong and the weak, shared alike his kind care; Who called at his door found ready help there; Refined in his manners, words fitly he used, So fearful of wounding the already bruised; So full of sweet charity, blessing and peace, His vestment was purity, never to cease! We'll not call him back to earth's weariness now, For blossoms unfading encircle his brow: His laurels of honor he's won by the cross, But his richest gain, proves our deepest loss. Alfred, Me.