Correspondence Beloved Editor ;-The Manifesto is more and more interesting... Shaker Station, Conn. Mar., 1884. Beloved Editor ;-The Manifesto is more and more interesting. Much good may be gained by reading it. The article on Confession agrees with the experience of all who have proved it. Other writers are doing good by their labors of love. 'VVe should look, carefully, to the cultivation of the spiritual interests. I have observed, Avith concern, a growing tendency to give the outward too much supremacy. This is a mistake, and during my long experience I have witnessed with sorrow its fatal effects upon the soul. In the earlier part of my life I was exercised in the acquisition of outward science and know quite well its tendency when it becomes a basis of action instead of being subordinate to the highest spiritual development. I view with much anxiety any leaning toward science as a basis for true religion. Man is ever between an innermost and an outermost, and when he leaves the first for the last, he becomes divested of all true spirituality. However much he may clothe himself with the intellectualism of spirit, he remains still intellectual or animal and the Divine Spirit or religious love mature and its development is entirely lost from sight. He then goes on in his delusive idea of supremacy while he is only an intellectual man. We have thought that he was only two thirds of a man, in this state, instead of being a whole one. No doubt all outward knowledge may become useful when guided by the divine mind, but without this it will work more and more evil for humanity. This is the dark gulf that man has to pass through from ideal to essential being. We can only obtain this most desirable of all things by submission to God's order as established through the spirit of Christ. There can be no misgivings if we seek first the kingdom of God, when all that is necessary for us in the intellectual and physical will be added in due time. As I have been a partaker of a monthly feast since our paper started on its beneficent errand to humanity, I thought I would let you know how much I approve of our little missionary. Your Brother, Robert Aitken.