Letter Box SOLOMON'S TEMPLE. For Juvenile Bible Scholars. EDNAH E. FITTS Among many interesting and profitable lessons to be learned from the Bible we may class the history of Solomon's Temple. I presume many of my young friends have read in their Bibles about the temple at Jerusalem, and that Jesus found persons there who sold sheep and oxen, and how he made a small scourge and drove them out, saying : ' Make not my Father's house a house of merchandise. ' John ii., 16. You may have wondered also, what kind of a place the temple was, and by whom it was built? As its name implies, it was built by King Solomon nearly a thousand years before Jesus was born, and required the labor of 183,000 men for seven years. Previous to the building of this temple, the Jews had worshipped at the Tabernacle, which was a movable structure, adapted to their roving manner of life. After many severe battles, the Israelites took possession of the kingdoms which God had promised Abraham. As the Jews became established they made for themselves permanent dwellings and also made the House of God. David, who was king of Israel, purposed to build a house for God, wherein should dwell the ark of the covenant and made known his intention to Nathan, the prophet, who gave this answer, that while God approved of his design, he could not permit him to build a house to his name, because he had fought great battles and was a man of blood. By this we may learn that to give to God an acceptable offering we must live in peace and love, one with another, for if we ' Love not &gt;ur brother whom we have seen, how can we love God whom we have not seen. ' David submitted to the will of God, but provided gold, silver, iron, brass, timber and stone in great abundance. He also gave his son a pattern of the house and with instructions how to build. Solomon was anointed king and in the fourth year of his reign began to build the House of God. As Solomon needed more timber than his father had provided he made an agreement with the king of Tyre, that he would give him a yearly supply of wheat and oil in exchange for cedar, fir and olive trees. These were hewn by the Sidonians in the forests of Lebanon. Hiram complied, and came to Jerusalem to assist Solomon. The temple was built of stone made ready before it was brought to the place for use, and there was neither hammer nor ax, nor any tool of iron heard in the house while it was in building. 1 Kings, vi., 7. Some of the stones were forty feet long, thirteen feet high, twenty feet thick, all of white marble. A description of this beautiful building may be read in 2 Chron. Hi When it was finished the Elders and chief men in Israel assembled to dedicate it. The priests brought the ark of the covenant out of the city of David, and placed it in the temple, under the wings of the two cherubim. There was nothing in the ark save the two tables of the law which Moses put therein at Horeb, more than four centuries before. This celebrated temple remained in its glory about thirty-four years when the king of Egypt, carried away its treasures. Under the Hebrew rulers, it fell into great decay, but was repaired B. C. eight hundred and eighty nine. Nearly one hundred years after Ahaz removed the brazen altar and placed a heathen altar in its stead. He also removed the brazen sea, brake many of the sacred vessels and closed the temple. Hezekiah cleansed the temple and restored all the vessels; but in the fourteenth year of his reign, he gave much of its wealth to the king of Assyria. His son Manasseh reared altars unto Baal, in the temple and led the people into idolatry. In the reign of Josiah he destroyed idolatry and caused the temple to be cleansed and repaired. In the reign of Zedekiah, B. C. six hundred and two, the temple was destroyed by the Chaldeans. The Second Temple. About fifty years after .the destruction of the first temple, Cyrus king of Persia, was moved by spirit-direction, and granted the Jews permission to return to tVieir own country, and rebuild the temple. When the Samaritans heard that the children of captivity had returned to Jerusalem and were rebuilding the temple, they formed a written accusation against them and presented it to the king. In consequence of this, the Jews ceased building, till encouraged by the prophet, and with the consent of the king, they again commenced building the temple. Haggai prophesied that the glory of this second temple should exceed that of the first; not as being more magnificent in outward appearance, but because in that place God would manifest hie power and propagate peace unto all nations. In four years the temple was finished, and although the treasures of the House of God, which the Chaldeans carried into Babylon, had been restored to the Jews, yet they could not regain some things which the first contained, and which constituted its chief glory, and wanting these, no Jew would admit that it exceeded the former in glory. This second Teirple stood unharmed nearly three hundred and fifty years, when it was profaned and pillaged by the king of Syria. An altar of Jupiter then occupied the place of the sacred altar. About three years after this, the Jews purified the temple and restored to the Jews their worship. This second temple stood nearly five hundred years when Herod the Great began to repair it. This was before the birth of our Savior. The main building was completed in nine and a half years. It was in this building that Jesus conversed with the Jewish Doctors when he was twelve years of age. Jesus went to the passover of the Jews, and finding there, many persons engaged in selling cattle and changing money, he made a scourge of small cords, and drove both the people and cattle, from the courts of the temple, overthrew the tables, and poured out the changers' money, and said to them that sold doves ; ' Take these things hence, make not my Father's house a house of merchandise.'' In the court of the temple, Christ taught the people, and performed many miracles. According to Christ's prophecy, Jerusalem was besieged hj the Romans, A. D. 70, and the soldiers made a fort of the temple, and finally sacked and burned it. Canterbury, N. H.