CHOOSE YE THIS DAY WHOM YE WILL SERVE. FLOYD C. FIELD. These words Joshua spake unto the children of Israel many centuries ago. Nevertheless they are equally applicable to the people of this present age, especially those who are naturally endowed with spirituality in a sufficient degree to apprehend or realize that the kingdom of heaven has been established upon earth. Those whose minds are sufficiently susceptible to truth so that they can comprehend tile true significance concerning the life of Christ. It certainly would be untenable for any one to maintain that mankind as a whole or that even a majority;, have reached to such a state of spirituality that they are capable of realizing what is required to be a true child of God's spiritual kingdom. 'The natural man receiveth not the things ot the spirit of God, for they are foolishness unto him ; neither can he know them because they are spiritually discerned ! ' How came man in this tenebrous condition ? Why is it that the insipid gustation of sensuality is the predominating desire of mankind? foi all are more or less tainted with abnormal animal propensities which undoubtedly are the results of violations of natural laws. Yea, what we are depends largely upon the influences and conditions preceding our birth, and largely upon our course since birth. It is a statistical fact, that the majority who enter this life die in infancy : Why is this ? Is it a wonder that the spiritual observation of mankind is so deadened that it is seemingly impossible for the greater portion of humauity to even apprehend spiritual truths? May the time soon come when the world will see the necessity of adhering to the laws of nature, for as we look upon the world in its present condition we can readily perceive why it is that nearly all anxiously choose a religion which gives full license to their sensual nature. They apprehend not the dazzling light of truth which proceeds from a Divine Father and Mother. Undoubtedly there are many who are susceptible to spiritual truths, and they long for something higher and more elevating; animal pleasures satisfy not their inward yearnings. What is the significance of theje desires ? It demonstrates that they are prepared to enter a higher life and become heirs of the kingdom of God. 'The spirit and the bride say, come, and let him that heareth, say come, and let him that is athirst come, and whosoever will let him take the waters of life freely.' Therefore 'choose ye this day whom ye will serve.' South Union, Ky.