Books and Papers Notes and Queries Notes and Queries. A curious magazine for curious people. Its pages are filled with matter that is highly interesting and at the same time very instructive to the teacher, and no less so to the pupil. A thousand and one tilings ready at hand, that every body wishes to know. The first number of the second volume has already appeared. Send for it. Subscription price $1.00 for 160 pages a year. S. C. and L. M. Gould, Manchester, N. H. When an Editor can encourage truth and denounce error, fearlessly and consistently as we find it in the columns of the R. P. J. we may then look hopefully for a better phase of spiritualism to spring up in the land. We are interested laborers in this field of mystic influences, and accept with pleasure all that embodies light or increases our intelligence upon this most valuable subject. Dreams and visions and divers other gifts are among the blessings that have fallen to our inheritance, but they should be reported in all truthfulness. That there may be spurious or sham-demonstrations conjoined to the same company or that the credulous and over-anxious should sometimes be deceived by a false light, is not a subject of surprise. In the exposure of these spiritual magicians and their sham manifestations we most heartily commend the courage of the Journal as fair in its treatment, and as an able advocate for the truth. Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Phrenological Journal and Science op Health. May. Contents: John Rogers; The Popular Statuary; Remarks on Classification; The Constitution of Man; Aries and its Ancient Ruins, 111; Girl Idleness; Capt. Mary M. Miller, Portrait; The Mormons; Because Men want them; The Soudan; Shoes and Characters; Annuities; Eating; How to see the Stomach; Traveling in Florida; Notes; Poetry; Wisdom and Mirth; etc., etc. Fowler &amp; Wells, Co., 753 Broadway, N. Y. $2. a yr. Tip Lewis and his Lamp Tip Lewis and his Lamp. By Pansy. Price 25 cents. Boston : D. Lothrop &amp; Co. This capital story was one of the first from Pansy's prolific pen, and so bright was it, so pure, and so healthy in tone, that it sprang at once into popularity, and since that time it has been in steady demand. It was an excellent idea on the part of the publishers to begin their new series of cheap editions of good books with one which is already so widely and favorably known. It is a book powerful for good, and one that no boy could read without feeling its influence. The story itself is deeply interesting, the style is fascinating, and the lesson it teaches is skillfully mingled with the incident. By this reduction in the price it will find a multitude of new readers, and particularly among those who need its teachings most. An Hour with Miss Streator An Hour with Miss Streator. By Pansy. With a beautiful emblematic frontispiece. Few books embody in equal space so many useful lessons so wisely and entertainingly presented, as ' An Hour with Miss Streator. ' Every primary class teacher in every Sundayschool in the hind will find this last book of Pansy's invaluable. It is full of hints and helps for faithful workers, and will be most heartily welcomed everywhere. Sent, postage paid, on receipt of three two cent stamps by the publishers, D. LOTHROP &amp; CO. 30 Franklin Street, Boston.