GOVERNMENT. MARTHA J. ANDERSON. FROM the earliest history of mankind, in their association as families, tribes, clans, or nations, some form of government, or vested authority, has been found necessary for the protection of the law-abiding, and the punishment of those inclined to evil. The most ancient form was Patriarchal. Every father held control of his own family and servants, which, in many cases, amounted to a large household; and his word to them was more than counsel, it was positive law. This custom still exists in the Orient, and among rude and barbarous people elsewhere; but, in most cases where they have become numerous, they have blended in tribal relationship, and are governed by chiefs. As these became powerful they overruled weaker tribes, often founding nationalities and kingdoms. Absolute monarchy, the first phase of civilized government, is where full power is in the hands of the Emperor ; he rules according to his sovereign will. In some countries on the globe, where the light of civilization has but dimly shone; both courtiers and subjects, of such rulers are but trembling vassals, controlled by the caprice and vindictiveness of unrestrained passion and will, void of Avisdom and reason. As nations progress, socially and intellectually government is based on broad, righteous and philanthropic principles, and the governed are allowed a voice in law-making. This power is exercised somewhat in limited monarchies, such as exist in some of the states and kingdoms of Europe, where the supremacy of the king, is prescribed by a constitution ; yet, in that amended form of government, the machinery of state often plays into the hands of the aristocracy, and the nobles rule on a grander scale of monopoly, of human rights and privileges. Another step in advance, is where monarchy, aristocracy, and democracy are combined as is the case with Great Britain, where in the houses, of Commons, and Parliament the representative law-makers of the various classes of society meet. Some persons deem this the strongest and best of human governments ; but, the love of liberty and increasing knowledge, leads on in the grand march of the world's progress, and Republicanism with its broad basis for the universal brotherhood of man, by the annihilation of caste and class, takes hold of the minds of the masses, since its establishment and successful working on the free soil of America. ' The voice of the people is the voice of God,' has rung through the courts and countries of Europe ; till, like Sinai's thunders it has shaken empires and kingdoms to their foundations, engendering revolution and anarchy; but, out of these, shall come forth order and a more just form of government. 'Forever the right comes uppermost, and even is justice done. ' Jefferson said ; 'Where there is no government, there is no God. ' This is true, the godless elements of unprogressed human nature alone repel law, order and discipline. All . man-made governments, are framed according to his narrow conception of Deity ; masculine in spirit and administration, cold, philosophical and eheerless, they lack the true love element. It will only be in the greater enlightenment, mental and spiritual, of the future, when feminine qualities are acknowledged and infused into civil and religious systems, that the grand ideal of social, civil and religious liberty will be attained. Government may be classified under four heads. First, that of a family, which requires children to be subject to parental guidance and instruction. Second, Civil. That Avhich binds the individual to the maintenance of the laws of his country. Third, Ecclesiastical. Personal obligation to yield to the authority of that organization which the people choose. Fourth, Self-government. The restriction, voluntarily placed upon the unsubdued passions and propensities of unregenerate man. Those who have advanced to this, have the law of God written within ; acknowledging a Divine Theocracy, which supercedes all human governments. To such, it is easy to be law-abiding wherever they are ; and, when associated in spiritual communion and relation, self-love and interest become absorbed in the highest of human attainments; an organization, which brings into harmony, for the well-being of all the noblest and purest gifts of unfolded humanity. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.