EDUCATION. No. 7. Its Source and Course. CALVIN G. REED. Ages passed by before we have any certain evidence that the race had any means of preserving and transmitting intelligence from generation to generation only by tradition ; the same as is done by the savages of the present. I think it may safely be stated as an indisputable truth, that all facts in science and art were first discovered by studying the relations, movements, and results of the objective world ; and then by experiment, and repeated trial, tested and confirmed, and finally placed on record for the benefit of mankind. This primitive, natural method of education, is coming to be more and more, the accepted system of the advanced and successful teachers of the present day. The educational systems of twenty five, fifty, and a hundred years ago, have been weighed in the Philosopher's Scales of practice, and found wanting. Those unacquainted with the mighty changes that have taken place in the normal methods of teaching during the last quarter of a century, can have but a faint conception of the new phases that have come over the thoughtful, intelligent masses. Real education, is the legitimate unfolding of our faculties in the direction of ultimate, substantial truth. Whatever assistance we can obtain to aid us in the prosecution of this laudable pursuit, we should avail ourselves of, whether it be books, conversation, lectures, or our own unflinching labor and research into the mysteries of the world and life that now is, and which forms the vestibule leading into the invisible realms of knowledge, wisdom and employment of the eternal future. The germs of man's present and eternal unfoldment, physical, intellectual, ethical, and psychical, were planted in his constitution by the Creator, at the period of his embryotic creation. However simple and crude, the primitive manifestations of these powers were, they gave evidence of their origin, and showed the commencement of a glorious future manhood. Although at first they developed slowly, yet their progress was in the direction of success and perfection. Whatever ideas have been impressed upon mankind respecting the character and constitution of God and of the spirit or subjective world, they have been but the picturesque imagery of the object world as an antitype. The ideal grace and exaltation of angels, the Edenic gardens and ambrosial bowers, fountains, rivers, and fruits of Paradise, with all the perfections of life, society, and conditions of the spirit world are but transformations of the natural world, arrayed in their highest lustre, beauty and perfection. The religious conceptions of man have but kept pace with his advancement in art, science, and civilization. These have been the noblest exponents of his highest conceptions of God and the subjective world. Sculpture, painting and architecture, more than any other art, exemplify man's purest ideal of Divinity, and the exalted and sublime character of his own spiritual and religious nature. What grander monuments of man's lofty ideal of the infinitude and eternity of God can well be conceived than the almost imperishable pyramids of Egypt, the cities of Thebes, and Baalbec, all built out of a pure religious devotion and adoration for the Creative Power of the boundless Universe. In ancient times, apparently all man's skill was directed in honor of religion. All the noted sacred teachers, prophets, and apostles, have drawn all their illustrations of conditions and arrangements in the spirit world, as well as of the states of its inhabitants, whether of happiness or misery, from similar states and conditions intensified, of the objective world, the only one with which they were familiarly acquainted. 'How can we reason but from what we know, Of things in heaven above or earth below?' Jesus Christ the acknowledged model divine Teacher, in the entire course of his instruction on the subject of religion and spiritual development, drew all his illustrations from earth life and the customs of the people he was teaching. If Matthew is to be credited, Jesus did all his religious teachings to the people in parables. So similar did he picture the subjective world in likeness of the objective, that we might be led to conclude that the former is only an embellished edition of the latter. No one as yet has been able to give any satisfactory description of the world to which we are all being swiftly borne, that makes it different from this in its general aspect. None that have passed the bourne dividing the two worlds, have ever returned with chart or map of the celestial sphere, to enable us to study its Psycography. As to deductions of those treading this dusty ball, there is such a diversity of opinions, we are left to rely on oar own conceptions and conclusions in the solution of the interesting problem. We do generally agree that the most upright and faithful, who obey the most strictly the voice of God speaking in our souls, will insure the most present and future happiness. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.