NEW WINE IN NEW BOTTLES. ALONZO G. HOLLISTER. The new wine is the resurrecting spirit. The new bottles are resurrected truths and souls. That a Christianity which opposes a candid and free investigation of spiritual truth, progress, and the emancipation of the mind from error; which opposes violence with violence and hate with hate ; which allows its votaries to contend for honors and emoluments of the world, to grind the face of the poor, and to propagate the corrupt and rebellious life of the world, by natural generation ; which fails to repress sinful desires in the heart, and to nip evil designs and practices in the bud; which fails to organize its subjects on a social basis of equity that will protect innocence, encourage goodness, reward virtue, and secure the perpetual ascendency of justice, unity, purity, holiness, chastity, charity and righteousness in the conduct and counsels of its leaders ; that if such is Christianity, it is not the genuine Christianity of the wise and gentle Nazarene, we think no one who has carefully and candidly investigated his life and doctrine recorded in the New Testament can reasonably dispute. And if there is a people now on earth, living the life and forming the character ascribed to him and hi^ first witnesses, we reason that Christ must be present with and in them as much as it is possible for him to be present with mortals, and it behooves those who are honestly and anxiously expecting Christ's second advent, to seriously examine their credentials and testimony. Jesus foretold a total apostacy, from the light and life of his first appearing, and the substitution of false Christs and unauthorized teachers in his name. The Apostle Paul and the Revelations of John confirm the same, while the history of the dark ages, the testimony of inspired witnesses, and the prophetic numbers of Daniel and John, prove that this time has already passed. Consequently a new revelation is absolutely necessary not only to revivify the truths of the past so far as they are needed for present growth, but to set up on earth the kingdom of the God of heaven, which is to consume in its progress, all other kingdoms (whether of beasts or men,) and to increase in order, growth, and stability without end. Also to fulfill ancient predictions, and vindicate the spirit that gave them. Hence our faith is not founded primarily upon any record, but upon a new and present revelation of the same spirit, which illuminates and is illustrated by the record, and by the character of its subjects. Thus, the character of Ann Lee's revelation may be known by her own subsequent character and teachings, and by the conduct of her disciples. At a period when intellectual skepticism is stoutly laboring to discredit the historic evidence of Christ's first appearing, when rational inquirers are perplexed as to what really constitutes genuine Christianity, and in serious doubt- whether its reputed author was a myth or reality, lo ! it appears a second time upon the stage of human life, and this time, contrary to all previous theory and mortal expectation, it is made known by a woman. We know it to be the same by its fruits, and that its mediator is no myth, the writer being for years acquainted with those who received their faith and testimony direct from Ann Lee; people who had sought in vain elsewhere for that deliverance from the galling yoke of their passions which they obtained by obedience to Ann's testimony. She affirmed that she received her doctrine and testimony from the spirit of Jesus, a part of whose earthly record we have in the New Testament, and concerning whom she testified, ' I have often seen St. Peter and St. Paul, and conversed with them, and with all the Apostles, and with Christ Jesus, my Lord and head. For no man is my head, but Christ Jesus, he is my Lord and head. ' At Watervliet, in the last year of her earth life, she testified in presence of a large number of people; 'Christ is ever with me, both in sitting down and rising up; in going out and coming in. If I walk in groves or valleys, there he is with me; and I converse witli him as one friend converses with another, face to face.' She would sometimes say to those who addressed her as Madam or Mrs., ' I am Ann, the Word.' The relation which she claimed as subsisting between her and Jesus was confirmed by other reliable witnesses, and by her own conduct. Ann was a medium from childhood. According to the testimony of her friends, she was industrious, discreet, truthful and upright, and possessed a strong, practical common sense and good judgment in relation to the ordinary affairs of life. She also possessed a knowledge and wisdom in spiritual things which enabled her to compass the spiritual state of all who applied to her for aid or instruction. There is evidence of this in the quality of her disciples, among whom were Baptist elders, preachers, college graduates, business men and heads of families who had secured prosperity and success in worldly affairs, and in the high moral charac- ter which these people sustained to the enc of their days. People qualified by their subsequent training and guidance to make community life ; success, a desideratum sought by many without success, for centuries since the overthrow of the primitive Christian coramuna church. These were Ann's epistles seen and read for sixty years after her decease. Ann's good sense and judgment are amply vindicated in the following Preceptive Teaching. 'Put your hands at work and give your heart to God. The devil tempts others, but an idle person tempts the devil. Do all your work as you would if you had a thou sand years to live, and as you would if you knew you must die to-morrow. Be diligent with your hands, for godliness doth not lead to idleness. Be neat and industrious; keep your family's clothes clenn and decent; see that your house is kept clean, and your food prepared in good order. Keep your dwellings, your shops and your fields, and everything you possess in order. In the Spring of the year, every faithful man will go forth and put up his fences, plough his ground, and plant his crops in season, and then with confidence he may look for a blessing. But the slothful and indolent will say to-morrow will do as well. Such a man never finds a blessing. So is he in spiritual things. He will be slothful in the work of God, and will reap his reward. He that is unfaithful in the unrighteous mammon, how can he be trusted with the true riches? Be prudent and saving of every good thing. Beware of coretousness. Kemember the poor and needy, the widow, and the fatherless. If you do not hear the cries of those who are in distress, God will not hear your cries. You can never enter the kingdom of God with hardness against any one; for God is love, and if you love God, you will love one another. You cannot make a spear of grass nor a kernel of grain grow. It is by the blessing of God that these things come, therefore you ought not to waste the least thing. If you improve in one talent, God will give you more. God is a fountain of light, love and goodness, and no soul can truly know God, but that will love Him. ' From such instructions as these, impressed by example, Ann's qualifications as a witness, may be in some measure inferred. Visions and Revelations, concerning the spirit of Jesus have been common among the disciples of Ann, one of which, the testimony of William Harlow, given at Mount Lebanon, in 1790, is here presented. Feeling my spirit in union with Father Joseph [the presiding Elder] my mind exercised toward God, and my sensations in the heavens, I saw the kingdom of our Lord Jesus Christ, set up on earth in this place, and it was the most glorious of anything I ever saw. The glory thereof far exceeded the light of the gun, and shone at noonday as a great light; aiul I heard a voice from heaven saying 'The tabernacle of God is with men, and the Father and the Son have come to dwell with them whom God hath called and chosen, and who are found faithful. ' And I saw the Lord Jesus sitting upon a great white throne. And I saw a number standing before the throne, clothed in white. And I saw Mother and the Elders that were with her [out of the body] standing between him that sat on the throne and Elder Joseph [in the body] and he stood between them and the people. And they aowed down and worshipped God, and sang unto the Lord, Hosanna to God and the Lamb; blessed is He who has given us the victory over the beast and his image, and over iim that hath the power of death. And he who sat on the throne spoke saying; 'This is the first resurrection, and )lessed are ye that have part in it. Ye are my witnesses. Ye shall reign with me on the earth. I have come to set up my kingdom, wherein dwelleth righteousness, and I will )e a father to you and ye shall be my sons and daughters, for ye testify of me in the world. ' William Harlow deceased at Mount Lebanon while yet a young man, highly esteemed )y those who knew him, for his manly Chris~ ian virtues. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.