'GO AND SIN NO MORE.' ALEXANDER Y. COCHRAN. It is our privilege to accept this gentle monition. Those who will make the necessary sacrifices, can, agreeably, to the inspired voice, live without incurring the penalty of actual transgression. Whatever may have been our trials or temptations on the journey of life, we have the privilege to turn from that which is evil, and in the spirit of the Savior, ' Go and sin no more.' 'My Savior, 0 I love thy life, So free from guile and stain, Thy innocence and purity My adoration claim. ' From this comes an inspiration to work for a spiritual interest, to work for our salvation. It needs to be a system into which Believers should bring their whole lives. It should be in prayer, in love and in earnest working for the protection and prosperity of all who are ready to give their lives to God. The spiritual should have as much care, if not more than the temporal. The children of this world are the children of the temporal kingdom, and Jesus has told us that they were wTiser in their generation, than are the children of light. They make more sacrifice and work with more zeal to secure the treasures of this life, than professing Christians do to secure the treasures of the Kingdom of God. In the affairs of daily life, the occupations of the hour, each has his respective duties, and we look with earnest expectation for every person to act faithfully in the part to him assigned. In the spiritual wo:k each one should occupy, as faithfully, a place of equal responsibility. 'Seek first the Kingdom of God. ' How many of us on rising in the morning and planning our business for the day, make equally as essential the spiritual labors that shall cover the same time? It should be ' Hands at work and heart to God. ' Had this been made as imperative as the duties of the d'-xy we might have been made doubly satisfied by receiving the blessings of the temporal and spiritual interests at the same time. Even our seasons for Avorship would have been abundantly fruitful in good gifts. Our lives also should be so unfolded to the light that we could willingly and confidently present the record of them to our Brethren and Sisters and this record should be that of honest, faithful souls, those who are called to live in the light. This should be a distinguishing feature by which our Church could be clearly recognized. Jesus in speaking of his disciples has said, ' Ye are the light of the world. ' ' No man hideth his light under a bushel.' With this gift all are made ministers of the word of God, ministers of truth, ministers of light and salvation. Let us wait on our ministry Avhereunto we are called, and devote our might, mind and strength to the service of the Lord. Canterbury, N. H.