BE MERCIFUL. MARCIA E. HASTINGS. Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. ' This does not exclusively apply to rulers, it becomes subjects as well, to be merciful and considerate toward those placed in authority as leaders. We would say, Subjects, be merciful to Rulers, not harass and afflict, revile and persecute if they do not always dea] according .to your ideal of perfect wisdom and discretion. You may not be cognizant at all times of the standpoint from which they act, the buffetings and vexations which they encounter in their vigorous efforts to execute justice and righteousness. You may not know their wrestlings iu prayer for wisdom to adjust and conciliate, counsel and admonish, especially if required to deal with refractory, unprincipled, disloyal subjects, vexing to the very marrow. Remember to be merciful that ye may obtain mercy. Place yourself mentally in their trying situation ; measure, compare, weigh. Would you probably do better under similar circumstances? Would you like to meet what you are measuring to them? There may be a turning of tables by some mystic providence, and you be brought into a responsible situation of which you now little dream, where there is no turning either to the right hand or to the left, no shirking the burden. Treasure wisdom by what you see and observe rather than bitterly censure and harshly judge the doings of others, without profit. Those who are blessed with good discerning faculties, exercise them to a right purpose, see and ponder how you might improve and make amendments in existing legislations, not as rebels with hardness of heart and bitterness of speech, but with a desire to promote the best interests of the community of which you claim to be members, sharing its benefits and privileges. It becomes all, whatever their position, to feel interested and united with the body, endeavor to cherish and strengthen all that is worthy, and what is not try to correct and make it worthy ; bearing in mind to be merciful rather than arbitrary, but just and wise, by no means supine or indifferent. What you sow you shall reap. 'Pay-day will come, ' and if you do not render good service but sow thistles you will reap dissatisfaction and vexation which may become pointed arrows to annoy with home-thrust reflections that they are of the harvest which you have been dispensing. Again we would say, be active and interested, with thought, Toice and every faculty. Zion needs all the consecrated energy available, God's work demands it, and each individual soul for its purification and quickening into the new life, the Christ-resurrection, needs constant vigilance and activity judiciously aimed and properly directed, to effect the all-important result. 'Dare to do right' and always aim for that; be loyal to the high and hoty calling of uplifting and forward drawing in which you have enlisted. Strive to accomplish worthy purposes and help to sustain others in all laudable efforts; cherish their honest endeavors for improvement however feebly put forth; If languid, the more need of merciful consideration and aid. If you think yourself strong and wise, clear- sighted and far-seeing, devote that strength and sagacity to good account; strive to abound in righteousness in all phases of action. And whatever scrutiny or just criticism in any direction may be engaged in, let it be scored by the Golden Rule, and continue to bear in mind that ' Blessed are the merciful. ' Canterbury, N. H.