[Much of the following account was taken from the writings left by Elder Issachar.] ISSACHAR BATES.- -N0. 1. BY H. C. BLINN. The subject of this sketch was born in Hingham, Mass. Jan. 29, 1758. In early childhood he was exercised in religious impressions, and thought much about God, and ' I believed' said he, 'that God was all holy, righteous and good, and that I must be so too, or never see his face in peace.' This form of simple faith he maintained with great care throughout his long and eventful life. His parents, William and Mercy Bates, were members of the Presbyterian churchIn this they were honorable and honest and brought up their children in the admonition of the Lord. The Sabbath was kept after the order of the Puritan fathers, and the atendance upon the church, the learning of the creed, prayers, catechisms and hymns faithfully attended to as a protective influence against the suffering of a day of Judgment. His parents were devout readers of the Bible, and as would be expected anxiously looked forward to be witnesses of the wonders that would appear in the heavens and of the signs that would be seen on the earth. The children partook of the same spirit, and with the parents became witnesses of the wonderful displays of God's power. Among these signs was a remarkable exhibition of the Northern Lights, which night after night, for weeks flashed over the heavens and appeared like a flaming fire. Then came a comet which for many nights was as red as blood. Other signs were observed which spread terror among the people and they looked for the sudden appearance of the judgment day. Some one had seen a vision of two angels descending from heaven. The first cried, ' Watchmen what of the night? What of the night?' To which the answer was given. ''Midnight! midnight!!' The second angel then cried aloud. ' What of the times? What of the times?' and received for answer, ' Doleful times ! doleful times !! For the judgment of God shall begin in old England and shall spread into New England, and there shall be wars, and great calamities, and darkness shall cover the land. ' A man who was a professed Deist often visited the family of Wm. Bates, and made sport of all these wonderful signs so that Issachar writes. ' This took off a part of the sharp edge of my fright, but still I kept a good look out. ' 'In May 1773 General Gage landed his army in Boston, and all the conversation to be heard was about the war. Every man that was able to lift a gun and every boy that was large enough to c rry a few sticks of wood, were also learning war. ' Issachar now obtained a fife and a large part of the time was spent in becoming familiar with some martial tune. ' When the minute men were called out to be in readiness, I went to fife for them.' He accompanied them to Boston, but his father soon requested him to return home, which was a sad disappointment to his youthful mind. At the age of seventeen, by consent of his father he enlisted under Captain Dexter and was accepted as a fifer. He was subsequently promoted to fife major and although no other duty was demanded of him in the army, he says he often as a point of kindness took the place of a comrade in going out on scouts, on fatigue and on the watch. Speaking of himself as a soldier, he says, 'I always did my duty in the war like a man, and never received an unkind word from an officer. ' Issachar was generous, kind and mirthful, and easily made friends wherever he went. He says lie could ' sing about every song that was generally known whether civil, military, sacred or profane.' ' This experience in the war was written long after Issachar became a Christian man, and was more for the satisfaction of others than as a pleasure to himself. It was a matter that belonged to the past, and he looked upon it as did Solomon on some of his own doings, ' This also is vanity. ' In May 1775 he was with a company of rangers and stationed in open view of Boston and also of the old Somerset, a 70 gun ship, belonging to the British. 'I now find, said he, that nothing remained but for me to shut my eyes and harden my heart, and enter fully into the school of vice, in which, alas, I was not slow to learn. ' They remained at this place all Summer and were often treated to some of the balls from the old war ship. What at first had been very annoying to the soldiers, after a while became a matter of sport and the soldier would dig the balls from the ground, load them upon a wheelbarrow and take them to Gen. Putnam who liberally compensated the men by sending back some rum. ' On the seventeenth of June we were ordered to take fort at the foot of the hill by Mystic river, between Charles town and Boston and there stand openly exposed to the balls of the Somerset, the Glasgow Frigate and to three floating Batteries. ' Issachar says that the company were obliged to take a full share of the British, pot metal, grape and canister shot. The horrors of the day, however, were exceeded by those of the night. The American army retreated just at the close of the day, when the enemy, in their hatred, threw hot shells into Cliarlestown and destroyed that beautiful place. The army passed from Bunker Hill to Prospect Hill and began to fortify this latter place. To prevent this the British began immediately to bombard the place, and continued so to do till the fort was completed. Issachar says, 'I could see their great nasty porridge pots flying through the air, crammed as full of evil as they could hold. They had blue tails in the day time and fiery tails in the night. Sometimes these would burst in the air and at other times on the ground. In either case they made fearful havoc with whatever stood in the way. ' (To BE CONTINUED.)