ISSACHAR BATES.-NO. 2. BY H. C. BLiNN. In 1770 Issachar w;is in the company commanded by Captain Bunker. They marched to Dorchester, ami at this time were anxious to get Lord Howe out of Boston. 'On one Wednesday night in March at about ten o'clock we took up our march over Dorchester Week M'ith one hundred and fifty carts loaded with frames of forts, and bundles of brush. We planted three forts on the hill that night, and at day-break we left the hill that the British might fire at it. The. next night we went again and in the morning left only a guard. The third night we went and kept the hill, and the next day which was Saturday they did their best with their cannon from every battery, firing .all night and killing only four men. ' He says they did not fear the landing of the British as the Americans had seventy barrels filled with sand, which would have broken their ranks if rolled down the hill. ' On the Sabbath all these war vessels left the place and on the next day the American troops marched into Boston to take possession of what had been left by the enemy. A few horses nearly starved, and some cannon spiked. The Churches had been used for stables and in which to train their light horses. 'We tben marched to New York. where we had another view of Gen. Howe; with his fleet and red-coats on Staten Island.', The British through much bloodshed captured Long Island. It was now thought impossible to defend and hold the city of New York and Gen. Washington ordered the removal of all the continental stores to Kingston. ' During some two weeks, every night, these stores were silently conveyed to a place of safety. The transportation of fifty cords of wood which remained in the upper part of the city was not considered advisable, but was ordered to be given to the poor who lived in that vicinity. The zeal of appropriation at this lime was commendable and in fifteen minutes the wood had passed into as many divisions as there were poor people to accept it. Issachar now belonged to the brigade commanded by Gen. Fellows. This was stationed in the Barracks three miles above the city. In the latter part of August he accompanied these guards, as fifer, to the city and expected to return in about twenty four hours. For two days they had no food and no one came to relieve them. On the third morning eight British ships were under sail, three moved up the North River and five up the East River. The three ships that sailed up the North river each sent a broad-side as they passed the guards. Two hours later there was a fearful cannonading as the British poured their cannon balls into the city, hoping to destroy the retreating American soldiers, Gen. Putman however reached the guards and dismissed them with the word to take care of themselves. They then numbered four hundred men, and these fled in all directions Issachar says, 'For my parti took my little drummer, Jpmes Elliot, a nice lad of fourteen years, and started up the North River to get our clothes, hut we found neither barracks nor clothes, but we found a distressed body of men, waiting to surrender themselves to the enemy. Small parties came running to us, that had met the enemy, and everybody asks. ' What is the news?' 'We are all cut off and we have no commander. ' Soon after a Colonel of some regiment came to the place and-advised the men to parade, rank and file. They now numbered some two hundred. For some time they stood in position waiting the advance of the enemy. Several persons became uneasy and left their ranks for the river, which they hoped to swim across and escape. ' While we stood here waiting for the ceremony of surrender, an Irishman stepped out of the ranks and addressed the Colonel as follows ; Dear Colonel I am thinking it will be of no use to stay here and wait to be taken, for I am thinking we will be taken fast enough if we go along. Very well replied the Colonel. I will make a proposal. We will all march into that grove and lay flat on the ground. Nothing will come there except a small flanking party and we can force our way through that body. But no nankins: party came to disturb us and after the army had passed along, we all up and ran away. ' The happy thought of this poor Irishman in this case saved some two hundred men from imprisonment, if not from death. After a run of one and one half mile they halted, and were suddenly treated to some shot and shells from the British ships then in North River. They then hurried on for a distance of nine miles till they reached the American army. For three days Issachar and the little drummer boy were without food, and then obtained a little by begging. After a night's rest in a barn atKingsbridge, they moved on to another station, where they tarried several weeks. As the soldiers remained but a few days in one place they were called The Flying Camp. As the stores and baggage were moved these soldiers were sent to guard them. ' At White Plains the British came upon us and we had to fight to protect our stores. We held our place for three days, long enough to get our stores out of their reach, although we lost a number of men. ' These marches continued till they had passed some forty miles from New York, This prudent retreat is worth a passing notice. 'All our stores and baggage covered more than an acre of ground. There were hundreds of barrels of liquors, rum, brandy, wine, etc., also sugar, m61asses, pork, flour and other articles bought in the city of New York. The whole of this underwent no less than twenty removals, with the British at our heels. ' The retreat occupied several weeks, and yet the loss of stores was but a mere trifle. In 1777 Issachar was at the battle of Princeton and Trenton, under Capt. Warner, and had enlisted this time for three months. He was next under Capt. Stockwell at Bennington Vt. Then sent with some guards to look after the sixty two British regulars, five hundred Hessians, and thirty seven tories captured by Gen. Stark; at Bennington. A Church served for a prison. The tories were yoked together with ropes fastened to their necks and driven to North Hampton jail. The other prisoners were guarded in this place for some time. Issachar is next found at Saratoga guarding those taken from Burgoyne's army. He was next at Fort Edward. Soon after this Gen. Gates issued orders for the guards to return as Burgoyne had capitulated, and ' you may be assured that we t ok a lively start and lny fife seemed to produce a remarkably joyful sound. ' The soldiers were now dismissed and returned to their homes. (TO BE CONTINUED.)