ENFIELD. ENFIELD N. H. is pleasantly situated on the western shore of Mascoma Lake, twelve miles from Dartmouth College, Hanover, N. H. and eleven miles from White River Junction, Vt. About the time of the -evolutionary war in this country, ihe minds of many were uncommonly religiously exercised. Dissatisfied with the absence ot a spirit divine and the want of power in the Christian churches, they honestly sought a higher life, a clearer revelation of the will of God for the elevation of humanity. In prayer and in sacrifice for deliverance from bondage and slavery to sin, as avcII as a freedom from the injustice and oppression imposed by the edicts and laws of the king and parliament of England, the people were heavily suffering and the country was in a state of constant unrest. An appeal was made to- the various churches cf our land anil fellowship sought for deliverance from the burdens of spiritual captivity. But no relief came that was abiding, until the year 1782, when a delegation from the Shakers in the State of New York was sent out to declare the testimony of the coming of Christ and to minister the ' power ot his spirit. At that, age of our religious order, its members, like their neighbors, lived in their respective private families, caring for their personal comfort and wants ; and with the revelation of light t) them, maintaining strictly and conscientiously their religious faith in the pure celibate order and practical Christian life of the Savior. In 17i&gt;3, a constitution, embracing the principles of our religious body, was formed and all Avho chose to ffive their S signature to a covenant ( accompanying the constitution, pledging their service, their talents and all they possessed to the support of community interests, thus making the property of its members a joint stock, a common interest to be appropriated and used for the benefits of the institution and for such religious and charitable purposes as by its members might be deemed advisable, were privileged so to do ; and thus they organized a church and government on communistic principles. For the protection of persons and property and the administration of government, officers were appointed by common consent, Elders to teach and direct spiritually and Trustees and Deacons to advise and superintend temporally. From that time to the present, we have maintained this form of government, after the manner of the church as established at Jerusalem in the days of the Apostles, whose members 'were of one heart and of one soul; neither said any of them that aught ot the things which he possessed was his own ; but they had all things common. ' Acts, iv., '&gt;2. Three families constitute the Society in this place, each family having its distinct officers, providing lor its respective support, and all subject to one central head, males and females both having a place in the government, and thus giving a peaceful union to the whole body. The home farm of the Society embraces some two thousand acres of land under cultivation or for the use and benefits of the dairy, for the production of garden seeds, for medicinal roots and herbs and agricultural interests generally. Pre-eminent in the pursuits of the order is a practical illustration of the principles of purity, of honesty and perfect Christian life. Abraham Perkins.