WHO ARE THE SHAKERS? Benefits Derived from Shakerism. GEO. H. BAXTER. Those who accept the teachings of Jesus Christ and live the higher life as inaugurated by our spiritual instructor, are worthy the name of the true followers of Jesus Christ, whose teachings comprise many lessons concerning our duty to God, to humanity, and to our selves. The blessings and protection from God, being the source from whence our spiritual progress and achievements have been derived it behooves the recipients always to work, and offerings give, for our success in the deliverance from the heritage of an earthly nature. Never, in the history of the world, has so important an event as the mission of Jesus Christ, taken place. It brought untold wealth of spiritual revelation, the highest standard of intelligence and the cause of that knowledge and reformation which was manifested through our Mother Ann Lee who uplifted the vail, and showed the true way of resurrection from a low and sensual nature, to a higher spiritual existence, even on this earthly sphere, and also how to prepare for our entrance into the realms of glory. We owe much to humanity, especially to those who are with us. Those who need instruction, and are seeking for a higher life should be our study and care and if we are true and sincere, we shall be the builders who will reconstruct, on the grain by grain principle, the structure which is not upright thus perfect and help to make life a bright and active one. If not active in every good word and work, weakness and darkness will prevail. Well may those who have answered this divine call enjoy a life of glad tidings and give unto others messages of love and point to them the true way to journey. To thyself be true, inhale the divine atmosphere of love and let thy whole heart be tilled with spiritual life. For augry words or frowns, you can return kind words and sweet expressions, and being no longer subjects unto bondage, but children of God, let us strive to awaken a spirit of lofty nature, and an influence so grand, that all may feel the force of its pure elements, and look higher than earth, for joy. The results, from so doing are the benefits derived from Shakerism. Canterbury, N. H. '