ACTION MAKES LIGHT. ALONZO G. HOLLISTER. ' 0 dawn upon us blessed day, When truth alone shall bear the sway, And error's cloud be swept away, By the light of truth revealed. Mere words are naught, when justly weighed, The greatest power is truth obeyed, On this alone the soul is stayed, When earthly things will perish. A writer named Harrison, in The Medium and Daybreak of April 18th, says, 'With more action i:: the world, and a reduction of the quantity of speculation, possibly there would be improvement. There are infinitely more good ideas in the world than there are of their own professors to work them out. This disproportion should be lessened. When a person has earned his spurs by a life of self-sacrifice for others, ' he is prepared to teach trom the life, and what he says possesses a value, compared with which, the speculations of the unpractical and theorizing, are as the desert sands- to a fruitful Oasis, or as the fictitious creations of fancy, to the positive affirmations of experience. Teaching and philosophizing, that are not based on practice, are only a reflection, or distorted shimmer, without life or substance. The constantly ascending prayer of the human mind is for light, and light is continually coming, yet it is only by practice that we are enabled to learn anything beyond the simplest rudiments. This may be illustrated by the story of a lad apprenticed for seven years to a blacksmith, to learn the trade. He spent the term of his apprenticeship looking on, to see how others did, and afterwards concluded to go to work. He heated an iron according to rule and began to hammer. The by-standers asked him what he would make. He answered that he did not know yet. As he continued hammering in one place, the iron spread until it split; then he said he guessed he would make a fork. The application is obvious. Doubtless he could have done as well in the first hour of his apprenticeship, and the seven years might have given him a large store of valuable knowledge by experience. So time is thrown away in idle dreams and speculation that action would make fruitful of permanent values. Our esteemed friend Timlow, who has reformed many unruly young vagrants and put them in a fair way to become useful and respected members of society, being asked to explain his method of treatment, said the only way he knew was to go to work and do it. Different cases require different treatment. He was learning all the time. We are so constituted that we learn by work, and but very little to profit, only by work. Emerson says, the step from knowing to doing, is a step out of the chalk line of imbecility into fruitfulness. Doing costs jelf-denial, tests our powers and our knowledge, and enlarges our growth. Overcome indolence, and lo ! all things are possible. That is, all meet and virtuous attainments sought in the progress of the soul. Action that proceeds from proper motives, converts light into life, and the life is self-luminous, like one of whom it is written, his 'life was the light of men.' Labor and selfsacrifice, or self-denial, however contrary to inclination, is the price of all mental and spiritual elevation, and of all advance out of darkness into light. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.