REASON AND INTUITION. ODILON B. ELKINS. 'The moment one begins to reason Upon the truth of religious impressions, that moment one begins to lose faith. ' These are the words of that singular man Napoleon Bonaparte, who although a slave to his own selfish desires, had a few grand qualities and eminent virtues. The realm of religious thought and spiritual impressions, transcends the jurisdiction of reason, and cannot be comprehended by it. Whatever may be said about the light of Reason, it seems plain that Intuition is a higher, a brighter and a truer light, when kept trimmed and burning. This faculty has not been, and is not, properly cherished and cultivated, an-d therefore it is not the true and infallible guide it should be. The crude state of men's morals, although not consistent with reason, is still more repugnant to this divine, spiritual light called Intuition. Man, therefore, chooses for his guide and mentor, this accommodating plastic principle which will furnish him a plausible excuse for his short-comings, and which is quite reconcilable with his selfish independence. Another motive leading so uniformly to Reason, is, that it is so easily counterfeited, there are so many artifices, shifts and sophisms that her garb will fit nicely and by which so many unchristian acts can be justified, which must be condemned by the unerring light abiding with the child of God. We accept as true, the statement of a certain writer, that when man was in his highest state of rectitude and uprightness, Intuition was his sole guide ; and man at present need not scoff at this, and pride himself upon the merits of that guide which so often leads him astray. Those noble beings had an unfailing mentor so long as they heeded its behests ; but when he began to fail in this and to rely upon his reasoning powers for guidance, this attribute began to fall into decay. Woman has been truer to her divine nature, or, perhaps she had more of the divine in her nature ; hence she is more keenly alive to eternal truths, and to the spiritual needs of her being. Her perceptions of right and wrong in subtle, and difficult points, are quicker and more reliable than man's. Ask her opinion and you get it readily ; ask her reason for it, and all the reason she generally gives, is the proverbial woman's reason, 'because.' You laugh at her, and if she says it is her intuition, you laugh again. You go to work with your reasoning processes, and soon get sadly befogged ; or it may be that you reach the correct solution of the matter, if so be you find she is right. Intuition transcends Reason, as the sun transcends the moon. The former grasps and masters at once truths which the latter by a long, slow process must arrive at. And other truths which Reason can never approach with all her logic, Intuition has made her own at the outset. The cold light of Reason is not favorable to growth of soul; but the tender buds of conviction expand and thrive in the genial warmth of God's infinite love, and this is the fountain whence Intuition derives her authority and power. Not that there is any clashing between these twp principles, their light may blend as one, but after all Reason's light is but a borrowed light. Intuition is the primary, the original light, a spark from the divine mind. It is through this part of man's being that God has spoken in every age. There only could his word find lodgement. What remained of this Godlike attribute, after all else had been prostituted to the god of this world, offered the only means of communication between man aud his Creator. Every effort of the powers above for the melioration of man's condition, always was, and always will be through this channel. This is necessarily so, for man's Intuition is the quality that is nearest to the heavenly world. His distance and loss from God is greater or less, according as he heeds the call of this gentle monitor. No man in existence, reasoning from his natural, unregenerate heart, is able to trace out the way of life. It is diametrically opposed to every maxim in vogue with the world. It is foolishness to the wise, to the philosopher, to the great in science and art, to the giant in intellect it is unknown, and to the astute scholar it is a sealed problem. These all fail to see the better part, because their point of vision is too selfexalted. But to the child-like, trustful humble seeker, the saving truths of the gospel become as a part of his being. They are not difficult to learn, and instead of appearing as a violation of nature's laws, they are manifestly a higher development, a greater perfection of these laws. Enfield, N. H.