Phrenological Journal and Science of Health. October. Contents: The Candidates of reform: B.F.Butler and J. B. St. John, with Portraits : The Christian Church: The Cranial Affinities of Men and Apes : Organic Cerebration : Two Eminent British Scientists, with Portraits : The Ineffaceable Record of our Lives : Rather Strange : Delia and Blanche : True Love and Blind Passion : The Function of Taste : Cholera and L'ncleanness : Poetry, Editorial, etc. etc. Fowler &amp; Wells Co. Pub. 753 Broadway, N. Y. James R. Osgood &amp; Co. of Boston, publish in neat and convenient form, the address of Robert P. Porter to the Arkwright Club of New England, on ' Protection and Free Trade To-da}'. ' Mr. Porter graphically presents exactly what voters in both political parties want to know, the facts showing how free trade and protection works at home and abroad, in the field and the workshop, lie shows how agriculture, commerce and manufacturing in the United States, Great Britain, Germany and Holland have been affected by these two economic policies. Mr. Porter's work will be appreciated by business men, farmers and artisans who have no time to read a volume on the subject, but who want a clear exposition of the condition of labor here and in European countries. He takes decided Protective ground but makes a fair use of the official figures, which are, at times, handled with dramatic . effect. Few are better equipped, by training, to discuss this question than Mr. Porter. For several years a student of the industrial progress of the West, and author of one of the most useful works on that section; for three years in charge of an important division of the census, next a member of the Tariff commission; and tlien sent abroad for eighteen mouths, by the New York Tribune, to investigate the condition ot labor in Great Britain and the Continent. The words of the author of the address on the Tarift' will carry weight with those anxious for a practical view of the Tariff question. Price 10 cents. Hall's Journal of Health. October, Contents; Bright's Disease; Constipation; Entire wheat flour; Vermin vastness; Beef tea vs. true food; Mineral Waters; Parasites; Among the Lepers; Poisons : Taking Medicine, etc. etc. E. H. Gibbs, M. D. 21 ClintonPlace, 8th St. N. Y. $1 a year.