NOTES There is no reason why we should not be interested in the progressive movement of all religious bodies. All may have qualities well worthy of attention. We have not yet reached the place where we have become so very good that we have no need to change. Indeed, we are 'ever changing, ever aiming toward a higher, better life. M Onjy a few centuries in the past and the religious mind of man was exercised very differently from what it is at present. It was then one dominant church, one dominant creed, but as the world moved in civil liberty, so the people moved in religious liberty. Persecution and intolerance gave place'to reason, and man began more fully to have a tender regard for his brother man, and the old creed is made to harmonize with this friendly feeling. Fortunately, the Shaker Church lias never been bound or fettered by a manmade creed and consequently we have no anxiety about an anticipated change of foundational doctrine. Creeds may be serviceable for those churches that are not able to be maintained without them, and yet a church may so far otitgrow its creed, its forms and ceremonies, that they all become to a progressive mind, mere lessons of words. These all belong to the dead past, instead of the living present, when ki those who woi ship God shall worship Him in spirit and in truth ;' and yet a change in a document that boasts of its almost divine authority, is very difficult to make. The Cougrcgationalists, however, are on the march toward a better day, as they find that their old creed ' is outworn and does not express the living faith of the present age. ' Like sensible men they have rebuilt it to meet the demands of the elmrch as it now is. The step taken by this church may be profitable to others. Old forms, old creeds and old names must give place to those more in harmony with the advanced thought of i he age and more expressive of the real work they are expected to accomplish. The Congregationalists have certainly moved forward, and on this account, the subject becomes interesting for all religionists. To lay aside, so carefully, those doctrinal points, which the first reformers thought to be essential for the salva;ion of the soul, and which had for so many years decided the fate of thousands of poor mortals, is truly wonderful. A heaven that was not obtained through the doctrine of fore-ordination and election would have been a sorry place for those religious battle axes of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. Calvin, Luther, Knox and even Edwards might look on with astonishment at the indifference of the present generation, as may many others that have ' fought the good fight and kept the faith.' The liberal form which has been accepted by the writers of the revision of the New Testament, is like the leaven in the t; measures of meal, ' and may have a tendency to influence very extensively the religious thought of all who are interested in this absorbing subject. In this creed of the church the Holy Spirit has taken the place of the Holy Ghost, and this change comes, also, from the leaven of the revision. The mystical doctrine of the Trinity, which no one can TXECEJMUEIt, comprehend, is touched with so much care that it only Avaits for another advance step when it will wholly fade from sight. We would urge the study of the revision as it is a decided improvement upon the old English version and illustrates many things in a much better light.