What would become of the world if all mankind accepted the life of the Shakers? JOSEPH WOODS. The above question is often asked by those not of us: they profess to be alarmed, lest the human race will become extinct, because a few individuals are called of God to the gospel of Jesus Christ; and realizing as did Paul, that they are numbered with those upon whom the ends of the world have come. What these ends are, James informs us, in the fourth chapter, and first verse. These are making an end of sin by the sacrifice of themselves, holy, acceptable unto God, which, is our [reasonable service. Jesus said, ' Behold I make all things new. ' If any man be in Christ, he is a new creature, old things have passed away. The old generative order of the first Adam has passed away with a great noise, and the elements in which the natural man delights will melt with fervent heat. The earth and the works therein shall be burned, and anew heaven and a new earth is created wherein dwelleth righteousness. Our God is a consuming fire, a fire that shall try every man's work of what sort it is. Other foundation can no man lay, than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ. If any man build upon this foundation of any other material than after the example of Jesus Christ, it will be a waste of time and labor, and according to the text, must be burned. One of the prophets speaks of a time when the inhabitants of the world will be burned, and but few men left. That does not seem very flattering to those who are so anxious that the earth should be peopled. It may be the time of which the Lord says, 'Afire is kindled in mine anger and it shall burn unto the lowest hell and shall consume the earth, with her increase and set on fire the foundations of the mountains.* Possibly the querists might mitigate their fears by giving attention to what Jesus said : '' Strive to enter in at the strait gate, for strait is the gate and narrow is the way that leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it; wide is the * Hell, the lowest, unhappy state of mankind. Earth with her increase, is the natural generative order of man. Foundations of the mountains, are characters which the world look up to as great and might}' men; lofty in their imaginations, self exalted. gate and broad is the road that leadeth to destruction and many there be which go in thereat. ' So many, even, that we do not apprehend any immediate danger that the world will be depopulated, excepting by causes to which we shall refer. We now ask. What will become of the world if it continues to pursue its present licentious course for a few more generations? According to the reports of the press and of eminent physicians there are many of the earth's inhabitants at the present time so degenerated by licentiousness that it would be impossible for them to replenish the earth, their professed belief in the command given to Adam, to the contrary, notwithstanding. Again, we ask. What is to become of the world if the inhabitants continue to. go to war ? The last war of this republic which some call civil, but which we call very uncivil, sacrificed a million of lives, and now we have word from Kgypt of many thousands of her subjects having been slain in the war with the false prophet. Is all this no cause for alarm lest the world should run out? ' From whence comes wars and fightings?' Head what the apostle says on this subject in the fourth chapter of James. Canterbury, N. H.