THE TURNIP SEED, OUR FRIEND'S STORY. MARTHA J. ANDERSON. An aged man called at a farmer's home one midsummer's day and, after taking some needful refreshment from his hospitable board timidly asked the good man of the house if he would be willing to hire him, his food, clothes and lodging being the stipulated price of his work. His proffered services were accepted for the season, and he was duly initiated into his daily round of labor. To till the fields was his greatest pleasure, but he must go about it in his own peculiar way ; so lie at once procured half a pound of Turnip seed ; and there was a query in the minds of the people as to the method of disposal; he said not a word ; quietly placing the package in his ample pocket, he went his way with a good purpose in view. In the vacant spots over the fields, and between the growing crops, some seeds were planted. When the ripened ears of corn were pluciced, he pulled up the stalks and every little hillock received a liberal supply ; and when the early potatoes were dug and gathered he failed not to scatter the seed where they had grown. So day after day the sowing went faithfully on. Alwa}'s carrying the seed with him, he did not fail to use it at the right time, and in suitable places. If it had been laid on a shelf, or shut up in a chest, out of his sight even for a day, he might have missed some golden opportunity for using it. The seed sprang up and the plants grew apace expanding their roots in die rich mellow soil, and lo ! when the late Autumn days revealed the garnered stores of the wealthladen season, the master found his ample barn floor covered with line turnips, they had cost him nothing, but were the fruit of an old man's patient industry, there was a bountiful supply for himself and neighbors ; he was well pleased, and his aged laborer proved himself worthy of more than his meagre wages. . From this little inc;dent I have learned a lasting lesson. It is, always to carry with me good seed to scatter along the barren ways of life. There is not a day that passes which may not afford abundant opportunity for sowing the same. We meet with desolate hearts, in which every green thing seems withered, drop there the seeds of love and kindness. There are lives blighted by sin, on whose sterile soil, it would seem, no plant of virtue could thrive, stir the underground of feeling, spread the seeds of purity and truth, ask the good angels to water them, and they will not be wholly lost. Speak tender, hopeful, loving and sympathetic words to the weary and care-worn. Give encouragement, strength and wisdom to those who have gone astray from paths of light. 0, there are a thousand ways in which we may do good, if we have only the will to do it. I find that this disposition grows by cultivation, and it creates aworld of happiness for its possessor. Do not let us grow cold, selfish, and cynical; but, let our souls expand with true Christlove, this will meet all human needs. The warm tide of heart-feeling, welling up to the lips in persuasive utterance, is more potent to uplift humanity, tnan all the cold philosophies of the merely intellectual man and woman. So let us bear Avith us the good seed of righteousness and truth, scattering as we go ; and, like the aged husbandman we shall see, if not in time, in our Heavenly Parent's garners, the ripened fruit thereof. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.