ISSACHAR BATES.-NO. 5. BY H. C. BLINN. At the time the community was formed at Union Village the Believers suffered much from the hands of cruel persecutors. It really does seem that when a man turns from righteousness, that God does give him over to a reprobate mind to do what at other times he would be ashamed to do. Instead of a man of reason he becomes more like a wild beast, and destroys all he can find in the way. These evil minded persons would come time after time and break the glass in the windows, throw down the fences, cut down the orchards and even set fire to the buildings. Those who may, at this date, make a visit to the peace loving Shakers of Union Village would hardly suppose that they were obliged to purchase their home amidst such cruelties. In 1806 Benjamin, Issachar and Eichard visited Kentucky and held meetings in the several places where the Believers lived, and were blessed by additional numbers being ready to accept the word of faith. In June 1806 Peter Pease, Samuel Turner, Constant Mosely, Eldress Ruth Farrington, Lucy Smith, Molly Goodrich, Ruth Darrow, Martha Sanford and Prudence Farrington were sent from the Society at New Lebanon to assist the western Believers. The missionary work still continued an.l Issachar enjoyed his new home but a few weeks at a time. With Eichard or Malcham, or Matthew or at times with all of them he would leave home for two and three months, and hold meetings in many parts of 'Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana and Illinois. The work of evangelizing continued very active till 1811 and the societies of Ohio and Kentucky were formed into a covenantal order. While in Indiana Issachar called to see Gov. Harrison, and to inform him that the Believers had been preaching their faith in Busro, ' and we want, ' said Issachar, 'to know if there are any laws in this territory to protect the people. ' 'The same law said the Governor that there is in any of the United States. You have a right to preach your faith, and any one has a right to embrace it. So you need not fear, I will protect you. ' After this they had no need to fear as the Governor became their friend. On their second visit to Busro they were at the mercy of a mob of twelve men. ' They had ropes with which they intended to bind us. The leader stepped forward and said. Come, prepare yourselves to move. Move where? said I. Out of this Country, and we intend to fix you. Well, said 1, have you any precept? Yes, precept enough for you. You must show it. said I. With an oath he commanded us to get on our horses, for, said he, you shall go. Well, said I, we shall not go with a mob. Another of the gang ther. spoke. If you don't go and get your horses, I will get them, for you shall go, so where are they? In Berry's stable, but if you get them we shall not get on them. Well, then we will put you on. And we shall get off' again Then we will tie you on. But you will have a hard job ot it before you get through. By this time some of the mob were laughing, and said, 'Come let us go.' So they started, but looked back, to say, If you ain't gone before Saturday night, you shall go dead or alive. Very well, said I. Saturday was muster day, and we expected some of them would come to our place intoxicated and perhaps trouble us. We informed the Governor of the affair and on Sabbath morning he sent a magistrate and another officer and they prevented any disturbance. ' It would seem that Issachar was somewhat skilled in mason work as he helped the Brethren at Pleasant Hill in building some chimneys and in doing other brick work. From 1801 to 1811 Issachar kept an account of the distance he traveled, and although most of these he walked, the sum reached not less than 38.000 miles. On Issachar's return to Union Village, he was asked to go to Busro and again assist the Believers in that place. ' It was a long and wearisome journey of not less than 240 miles. For 150 miles of this distance there was not a house nor a cabin to be seen, and for m it was water, water, water, with no bridges and we were compelled to cross the rivers by wading or swimming. My companion on this trip was good brother John Knox. He had a small sum of money committed to his charge, and it was ray privilege to act as his guard and protect him from the robbers. We, however, made a safe passage through that wild and wicked world, and were gladly received by our gospel friends. ' Issachar relates the incidents of one journey from Union Village to Busro when the party consisted of Elder Benjamin Youngs, Richard McNemar and himself. They left Union Village on the 16th of January 180i), with provisions for five days but were compelled to make it hold out for sixteen. In gome of the rivers the ice had already broken up and the banks overflowed so that they were detained much beyond what they had anticipated. This journey was made on foot as Issachar says there was neither track of man nor beast through the forests. They were five days in reaching the Indiana line on account of the floods and floating ice of Laughrey's creek. Each had his staff and knapsack with an extra blanket for use at night. For several days they were obliged to wade through the mud of the marshy flats or river bottoms, while water fell from the clouds without measure. They were, however, men that trusted in the mercy and protection of God and He kindly led them through all dangers in a marvelous manner. They believed in prayer, and fervently and effectually, on their knees, in that wilderness they sought the kind care of an over-ruling Providence. They were obliged to encamp for a few days on the banks of one stream that was not less than six miles in extent, as the ice was too thin to support them. On the third day they ventured on this dangerous passage and were frequently wading in the water where it was not less than three feet deep. They were finally obliged to build a raft in order to make a safe passage across the Mushakitak river_ Near this stream they found a part of a wild turkey that the foxes had killed. This they dressed and smoked and then enjoyed one delicious meal. On reaching White River they found that also filled with floating ice but fortunately obtained a good canoe and a man to assist them in crossing the river. At the house of this friendly guide they were also able to obtain some additional food which they ate in humble thankfulness. Having crossed this river in safety they made a journey of one day and reached a ' fork' of the same stream which had also overflowed its banks and was now not less than two at?d one half miles wide. This was the last flooded passage which they must make but their feet were badly swollen, from severe exposure and they were obliged to wade through the snow and ice without shoes. After reaching the dry land once more they obtained some Indian moccasins which afforded them much comfort so that on the remainder of the journey, some thirty miles, they renewed their strength and reached their friends in Busro in a very comfortable condition. (To BE CONTINUED.)