Education, Physical, Mental, Spiritual GILES B. AVERY Education, is a word, that, by a certain class of minds, appears to be understood as applying, almost exclusively to the training of the mind in literary, scientific, or philosophic pursuits, while, in its proper sense, it justly implies the culture of the entire manhood, and, in its most fitting capacity,'has reference to informing and training the physical man in such a manner as to insure health of body; the mental so as to give a knowledge of the laws of life, not only those pertaining to the phys'ical organization, but those giving mental capacity so to live as to secure soid welfare also ; the spiritual so as to bring man into a near and true relation to, his Creator, and thus enable him to live in a pure, peaceful, and consequently happy relation to his fellow man. Angesilaus—King of Sparta, beingasked what things he thought most proper for boys to learn, replied ' Those they ought to practice when they come to be men. ' One of the direst evils of life is misplacing, misusing, and thus abusing, God's best gifts to man,—thus, happiness is often sought by the attainment of sensual pleasure as the highest object ; success and prosperity, by the education of the mind alone, while the soul is left uncultivated, whereby the mental and physical man is left to roam in passions' vagarious fields, untutored, unclothed with protection from the defilements of sin against God's laws for human weal ! The soul's tenement not realizing that, ' What nothingearthly Rives, or can destroy, The soul's calm sunshine, and the heartfelt joy, Is virtue's prize. ' THE MANIFESTO. ' Moral and religious instruction derives its efficacy, not so much from what men are taught to know, as from what they are brought to feel! ' And, this feeling is the result of soul culture, rather than mental knowledge ! ' There is a spirit in man, and the inspirations of the Almighty giveth him understanding, ' while, ' Minds, though sprung from heavenly race, Must first be tutored for the place. The joys above, are understood, And relished, only by the good. (given,) Souls are my charge, '(sayeth religion)' to me ' tis To lit them for their native heaven. ' 'But, wisdom and knowledge, so far from being one, are, oft-times, found to have no connection. ' Life, to amplify, dignify, perfect and happify must be accomplished by the discipline of the entire physical, mental and spiritual man, according to the laws of God in his constitutional being. To disregard the physical, allowing it to grovel in filth and rags, to languish for the want of proper nourishment, to surfeit it with needless bounties, or whimsical luxuries, is to disease the body, degrade the mind, and imbrute the soul. Professor Moore truly said, 'Dirt is no sooner needlessly left upon the skin than it begins to travel soulward. ' ' Our physical senses are constituted for this world, and,'[if true to God's laws,]' we enjoy it.' But 'Our undeveloped spirits are constituted for another world, and we shall enter it. ' Therefore, as we consist of body, soul, and spirit, our education, to be consistent with our proper development, and well being in its wholeness of constitu- tion and capacity, must have a constant care for the spiritual culture also ; for, the motive force of man, is his inspiring spirit, this is the engine that directs the mind that moves the body. Spirit is the oar that moves the human will. Divine Wisdom has created the mind of man of too expansive a nature to be limited by the attractions of earth, even though garnished with all the culture that a mere mental, or material education can bestow upon it, for ' it acknowledges no enduring relation Avith things ' or conditions 'that perish. ' There is something more wanted for the complete formation of human character than knowledge ; it is strength and beauty that is born of conforming the spirit to the will of God to man mademanifest ; for, though he grope through the howling wildernesses of Africa, prowl through the vast prairies of America, ensconce himself in the vast cities of the earth, cloister himself as a monk, closet himself in the libraries of Alexandria, now no more, or the modern haunts of literary science and art, still he is not content, not quiet nor satisfied without Divine aid ! And 'The time is rapidly approaching, when the highest honor is to be bestowed upon those who possess the moral and spiritual attributes which lift man into true kinship with his Maker. Then, the intellect alone will not be held as of transcendant importance, but, will be made subordinate to an exrJted grandeur of character which recoguizes intellectual qualities as only instruments, or powers to be used for promoting man's highest good. ' Some minds are prophetic ; and, Henry Ward Beecher, at a recent lecture, remarked, ' I believe there will succeed to these disseminations of the truth of natural science, an era of moral science ' and, we will add, an era of soul culture by spiritual education. ' The signs of the times indicate this coming era. ' But, ' the education of the mind alone 2 THE MANIFESTO. develops skepticism ' while spirituality is left imprisoned in darkness, and poverty ! Man needs the education of the soul to develop spiritual perception,— consciousness of his relation to kindred spirits, and to his Maker. The man who so lives that his character is molded in purity, peacefulness, goodness, and that unselfish love and charity which enables him to sacrifice his life's labors for the elevation and ble-sing of the human family as did Jesus Christ, has raised a monument to his memory contributing to his blessing, happiness and honor, as much loftier in its ideal, as much grander in its designs, an:! magnificent in its structure than the pyramids of Egypt as heaven is higher than the earth ; and one that will be found sound and perfect, with increasing beauty and glory, in an infinitude of ages, 1 after the pyramids of Egypt shall have crumbled into dust, and their glory and memory departed forever ! Then it will be understood that the purest and loftiest ideals of Divinity are not objects of sense, not even the pyramids of Egypt, nor the ancient cities of renown ; not any namable thing material; but, those ever living glorified spirits, who, possessed of heavenly angelic graces, symbolize the characteristics of Divine Wisdom and Love. Man, left to the simple field of his own narrow human sphere, bereft of Divine ministrations and guidance is, comparatively speaking, powerless, and unfruitful of progress and development as the seed of a plant cast into the earth, bereft of moisture and sunshine ; he is, in its proper sense, as really dependent on that God who gave him being, as the lily upon the stalk upon Avhich it is borne ! God never made an independent man ; and all the possible education and culture of his mind in science, art, literature or philosophy, can never enthrone him as a being independent; not even independent of his fellow man ; for ' we were not made for ourselves only, ' much less may he ever be independent of his Creator ! To anticipate a condition of independence, gained as the fruit of education, is as futile as to anticipate ' frozen music ! ' And, however humiliating this may be to the pride and ambition of man. from its ordeal there is no escape. 'The greatest things, the most vital, ' (pertaining to life,) ' do not lie within the scope of our powers '* '• There are hourc when the whole worlu% and all it contains, shrivels to nothingness, in our estimation, and God alone fills the mind. ' But, God has committed to the 'Son of Man' the revelation of that plan, conceived in wisdom, by which the human family can find a pure, true, and genial relation to the Divine Author of his being ; He has made him the recipient and Mediator of that Word of Life, and Law of Love, that forms a tribunal by which man will be judged ; thus, ' man is judged by man' (in the exercise of his Divine Commission,) ''•nothing else were fit.' 'Know ye not' (ye disciples of Christ,) 'that ye shall judge angels'3* but, not as natural men ; but, in the exercise of that light of grace of Go«I committed to those who had become heirs of salvation. This capacity for judgment Avas not attained by mental culture alone, but, by having conformed the spirit to the pattern of that Word which reveals the Law of God for man's salvation, redemption, and endless progress into the fullness o-f God's grace3 THE MANIFESTO. love, and truth. ' And, this is not an arbitrary arrangement for the future' (nor for the judgment.) '• dissociated from the laws of our nature, but, it is their inevitable outworking.' And, though it has been said ' man- kind are becoming independent in thought and judgment, and are assuming the prerogative to decide for themselves, in matters pertaining to their present and future welfare, and dictation is distasteful. ' Yet, this is an assumed position from which they will have to descend, and be taught in the School of Christ, or never become the Children of God, and heirs of the kingdom He has promised to them that love Him. For God has planned the way, and lie hath said, 'My ways are not as your ways, nor my thoughts as your thoughts. ' ''But. as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts. ' This, indeed, is a position that the pride and vain conceit of the worldly and sensual man revolts against, but when, if ever, he is purified by the workings of that law. which, in its ministrations, makes man the compeer of angels, of heaven, he will feel it a Shekinah for the mercy seat of Goal's love ! Thus, by parity of reason, by the human experience of the ages, by the light of science, by the revelation of godliness, we are taught to know, that, a true and proper education is one that curbs and subdues the pride and assumed ostentation of man, and, by revealing to him his own weakness, and the immense narrowness of his limited sphere of knowledge, however high in the temple of human fame he may have climbed, it takes out of him his vain self-conceit, and causes him to feel the needful guidance of his heavenly parentage. The illustrious Newton, when he had discovered some of the most momentous laws that pertain to human knowledge, said he felt like a child, playing on the beach of the great ocean of truth, amusing himself with a pebble, or a shell he had found, which the great ocean ot truth was rolling before him in all its majesty and splendor, uuattained. Thus does true culture, which leads man to discover his wonderful dependence on superior wisdom, operate to work humility, instead of pride and independence, and, as illustrated by the educated poet he will sing, ' Had I all knowledge, human and Divine, That thought can reach, or science can define. And, had I povv'r to give that knowledge birth, In all the speeches of the babbling earth; Did Shadraeh's zeal my glowing breast inspire To weary tortures, and rejoice in tire, Or, had I faith like that which Israel saw. When Moses gave them miracles and law, Yet, gracious charity,---indulgent guest, Were not thy pow'r exerted in my breast. Those speeches would send up unheeded prayer, That scorn of life would be but wild despair. A cymbal's sound were better than my voice, My faith were form, my eloquence were noise. * * * Thus, in obedience to what heaven decrees, Knowledge shall fail, and prophecy shall cease, But lasting charities more ample sway, Nor bound by time, nor subject to decay, In happy triumph shall forever live, And endless good diffuse, and endless praise receive. * * * So, whilst our minds in knowledge would improve Its feeble eye bent on things above, High as we may, we lift our reason up, By faith directed, and confirmed by hope, Yet are we able only to survey Dawnings of beams, and promises of day ; Ileav'n's tidier effulgence mocks our dazzled sight. Too great its swiftness, and too strong its flight. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.