[Juvenile] Letter Box Enfield, Conn., 1885 Dear Children ;—Again you stand on the threshold of another New Year. Has the time given you by the Great Master been well spent? To thoughtful minds this question will come, bringing more than on? regret over some wasted opportunity, some willful neglect, or failure through carelessness or thoughtlessness. Alas! there are so many who, with good impulses, yet wanting in stability of purpose or action, make great resolutions for doing good, and often begin some worthy work, and then grow discouraged because of little obstacles, and lack the perseverance to go on through difficulties. The New year is a time to make good vows for future action. A good beginning is an essential element of success. Count each day a golden privilege. Profit by experience both bitter and sweet. Make the most of life and its possibilities for goodness. Improve the little opportunities for gaining happiness. Greater opportunities will not come byneglecting these. Perhaps the little duties, as they seem to you, are the most important things, in which you can be engaged. The Father knoweth. If you perform faithfully whatever you ought to do, neglecting no opportunities, trusting all to God, you will be doing the best you can, and you cannot go far astray. Have the courage to be true and virtuous, have the love and faith to be Christ-like, and may heaven bless you with a HapJ&gt;y New Year. Your Brother, Daniel Orcutt A WORD TO CHILDREN Dear children, listen while 1 tell you something which deeply concerns your welfare. The subject is the shape of your bodies God knew the best shape. He created us up- right, in his own image. None of the inferior animals walk upright. God fitted the great vital organs in your bodies to an erect spine. Do your shoulders ever stoop forward? If they do, so do the lungs, heart, liver and stomach fall down out of their natural places. Of course they can't do their work well. To show you liow this is, I will tell you that when you bend forward you can only take about half as much air into the lungs as you can when you stand up straight As I have said, God has so arranged the great organs in the body that they can't do their duty well except when the body is straight. Oh, how it distresses me to see the dear children, whom I love so much, bending over their school-desks, and walking with their head and shoulders drooping! My dear children, if you would have a strong spine and vigorous lungs, heart, liver and stomach, you must, now while you are young, learn to walk erect. If a boy were about to leave this country for Japan, never to return, and were to come to me and ask for rules to preserve his health, I should say, ' I am glad to see you and will give you four rules, which, carefully observed, will be pretty sure to preserve your health. ' He might say tome, 'Four are a good many; I fear I may forget some of them; give me one, the most important one, and I promise not to forget it. ' I should reply, ' Well, my dear boy, if I can give you but one, it is this : Keep yourself straight, that is, sit up straight; walk up straight; and when in bed, at night, don't put two or three pillows under your head, as though intent on watching your toes all night;' and I believe that in this I should give the most important rule which can be given for the preservation of health and long life. My dear children, don't forget it. Dio Lewis in Golden Rule DULL WEATHER We sigh for bright and pleasant days, But when our sun is shining, We oft forget that thanks and praise Should equal our repining. — M. W.