THE MANIFESTO. JANUARY, 1885 NOTES Welcome happy New Year ! a season that will, we trust, be fraught with abundant blessings !! All our writers and readers will share with us in this advent of glad tidings and bj a cheerful and renewed effort help on the glorious work in which we have become the willing servants of our Lord. As we open the account with pleasurable anticipations of a fruitful and prosperous future, which we trust will redound to the honor and glory of God, and at the same time afford us the inestimable blessing of peace on earth ; we must not fail to return thanks for the manifold gifts that we have shared so bountifully during the past year. We are also to bear in mind that the present number of the Manifesto brings us to the fifteenth volume. It carefully and kindly reminds us of the continued obligations that are demanded of us. to work while the day lasts, in earnestly contending for the faith which leads toward goodness and practical righteousness. We have not wanted for able and devoted souls, who know to a fullness whereof they write, and speak, to come forward and publish the truth as it has been revealed to their souls. But the old year has passed away, and it carries the record of our lives. The new year dawns upon us, and asks of us new resolves, new testimonies and new sacrifices to the holy Spirit that we may not become absorbed in the perishable things of this life, and by this means, miss the prize of salvation. More than ever before the Christian worker should zealously and faithfully 'put on the whole armor of God' and stand unswervingly in defence of gospel principles. More potent than at any former age is the voice of God to his people, while the revelation of divine Truth comes with ik no uncertain sound. ' ' Blessed are the pure in heart. ' •-Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God.'* These ring out their heavenly tones as they did on the fair mountains of Galilee, and are being caught up by the faithful disciple of the present day and carried with a lively zeal into the homes of those who 'hunger and thirst after righteousness. ' It is a message filled with truth and life, and those who bear ifc are, indeed, blessed of God. From it comes a knowledge of the. heavenly pathway which leads to the kingdom of eternal rest. Let your light shine follows as the imperative work of thoso who have obtained not only this heavenly privilege, but also the confirmation in their own souls that they are called of God. To receive the assurance that we can attain to the great blessing of becoming children of God, or can be made able through the purification of the heart to see the Holy Spirit in its loveliness, is a blessing which has been conferred upon but few persons. The new year opens as with a fresh and clean book, upon which the record of our lives may be written in loving kindness. If the past has been fair or clouded ; if it has measured out to us much happiness and much sorrow, we are assured that the present is overflowing in goodness, and we look upon it with fond anticipation for the moral and spiritual JANUARY, 1883. THE MANIFESTO. growth that may be our future inheritance. In the protection that is awarded to us we feel confident that ' God's arm is not shortened that it cannot save, neither his ear heavy that it cannot hear. ' Isaiah lix. 1. With this new year comes new courage, a revival of faith and a resolution to walk circumspectly before God and man. All share alike the privilege of consecration and all may abound iu the manifestation of good and choice gifts. To the aged parent as well as to the youngest child, all things will be formed anew as the matured, the time worn, passes away. The Manifesto as the messenger of good news and glad tidings will continue to go out on its mission of love. Its pages as heretofore, will we trust, be filled with that testimony which is of the Christ spirit, and harmonizes fully with the doctrine of the sermon on the Mount. This, as Jesus himself declares, was the sharp sword which should separate the good from the evil, and its ultimate would establish a spiritual kingdom upon the earth wherein should dwell righteousness. In this we are working and praying to the same spirit, believing that the blessing and protection of a kind Providence will be over all who walk in the path of holiness and peace.