RELIGIOUS REVIVALS OLIVER PRENTISS In this 1871) Centennial year, Religious Revivals seem to be the rule. Are they of use? To answer the question nnderstandingly, let us take a look at man, as we find him-— and when we say man, we include both moieties. Man, in all deference to Holy Writ, man takes his initiative low down in the scale of being, but one, or two grades above some other forms of life. But inasmuch as this little Universe is being constructed on the progressive idea, we reasonably expect man to go higher. We will give him the motto of the Empire State, for his motto. To man, on his lowest plane, we magnanimously concede the germ of Divinity: and from stubborn facts, before this Honorable Court, we are compelled to admit, that in some types of the race homo, that germ has taken no growth. We have no evidence that it lias even sprouted. The use, benefit and behoof of religious revivals, is to stir the enshrining soil, that the vitalizing elements may percolate, causing the germ to germinate. Some have mistaken Revival for Salvation. A grave mistake. In most eases, Revival leaves its subject, in his, or her own eyes, more a sinner than before. This is so much gained. Though he may delight in the law of God, after the inner man, and though he find a law in his members, warring against the law of his mind, and bringing him into captivity to the law of sin in his members, if there be integrity in that soul, there will be perpetrated no such stultifying compromise as serving God with the mind, and sin with the flesh.— The honest, self respecting soul will ejaculate with the immortal Henry—Give me Liberty, or give me death ! With power will the soul utter it, keep uttering it, till it reach the Eternal Throne. When the soul's integrity is fully tested, a voice, a still small voice will be heard, saying, ' This is the way, walk ye in it. ' And now comes the tug of war: a splendid test of manhood and womanhood. Incarnated on the banks of theRichileu, in the Religious Tornado of the last century, your not very humble servant may be regarded as the personification of the Religious Revival element. And now, after long and varied experience, the conclusion arrived at :s, that no soulawakening revival is without effect fir good. Though it may not enable the soul, thus awakened, to grasp the power of full salvation, in the present time, that soul will never lapse to its former inertia. Xor is that the limit. For the iniquities of the fathers are no more visited upon the children, to the third and fourth generation, than are the soul Teachings out for a higher plane of life. Commensurate with the varied states and conditions of the diverse tj-pes of our common humanity, must be the instrumentalities and appliances to help souls up the ascending grade. Let us leave their selection to the Committee, of Ways and Means. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.