Books and Papers The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health. December, Contents : Tygmund F. Milkowski, the Polish Patriot and Author; Organic Cerebration; The Christian Church ; Progress ; Mcrv and its people ; Cagliostro as a medium; The French in China; Old Superstitions; A well dressed woman; Prevention of Decay of Teeth; Individuality in Relation to Physiology; Animals as Physicians; The Scourge of Quackery; Poetry; Wisdom, Wit, etc,.etc. Fowler and Wells, Co. 753 J5ro:idway, N. Y. Terms $2. a year. How to Live a Century and Grow Old Gracefully How to Live a Century and Grow Old Gracefully. By «T. M. Peebles, M. D. New York: M. L. Holbrook &amp; Co. Price 50 cents. The author in his preface says : ' Human life being both the gift of God and a blessing, it is a duty to preserve it. as long as possible. No truly gooil person, however aged, ever yet outlived his or her usefulness. En all enlightened lands old age is con- sidered honorable; the hoary head is a crown of glory. 'In preparing the following pages, while avoiding technicalities and Greek and Latin phrases, I have aimed to be practical, rigidly practical, rather than original or elegant; aimed to bring to mind and clearly present the vita) importance of air, food, clothing, drink, sunshine ami sleep in such varied ways as to inspire the reader with a proper and persistent use of them that the number of years upon earth may -be many—even a hundred! 'My only purpose as an author is to instruct and benefit my iellowmen. Laws are immutable, and all laws have their reflex action. There is nothing more certain than that in helping and blessing others we are blessed, Therefore if I pluck a thorn from a mortal's pathway and plant a rose there ; if upon the tear-wet cheek I can plant a rainbow of hope;; if by tongue or pen or practice I can prevent, or in any way relieve, human suffering, and lighten the burden of sorrow, thus aiding my fellowincn to reach a peaceful and happy old age, then a n 1 satisfied. ' The following are the titles of the chapters : The Five Forces; Old Trees; Longevity of Birds and Animals; I Repeat the Inquiry, Why? Long lived Persons, and Why? Pure Air and Deep Breathing Necessary to Long Life; How to sleep in order to Live a Century; What Shall We Bat to Live a Century? What Shall We Drink to Live a Century? What Clothing Should be Worn to Live a Century? Are Medicines Necessary to Prolong Life a Century? How to Treat Babies and Children that they may Grow up and Live to see a Century; Summarized Rules of Health enabling one to Live a Century. The Triple E The Triple E. By Mrs. S. R. Graham Clark. Boston. D. Lothrop &amp; Co. Price, $1.50. Mrs. Clark is known as the author of Yensie Walton, one of the most popular Sunday-school books which has been published for many seasons, and the qualities which attracted attention in that work predominate strongly in this. The 'Triple E ' is the name playfully given by her friends to a girl of eighteen, whose three names begun with that letter, and who is left with a younger sister to make her way in the world aft or-the death of her parents. She has promised her mother on her deathbed to not only care for her sister, but also for an insane uncle, and a little girl waif who came into their family in the most mysterious manner. Much of the interest of the story ccjiiiis in this latter character, and the mystery in . which her parentage is involved lends it a strong fascination. The iwo sisters are compelled to enter a large mahtrfaotorj in order to gain a subsistence and earn means for supporting their charges. The record of.their experiences in this new life, their trials, and the victory over adversity they finally achieved, is told in a manner which commands attention from first to last. It is a book which cannot fail to make a strong impression upon the minds of those who read it. Mrs. Mary II. Hunt, Superintendent of Scientific Instruction W. C. T. U. has had prepared a capita! primary treatise on Physiology with reference to narcotics and alcohol, which the W. C. T. IT. is strenuously recommending to Schools and Boards of Education. It is such a book as will instruct and interest whole families i,s well as schools. Price 60 cents. A. S. Barnes &amp; Co., Publishers, New York. Herald of health Herald or health. December, Contents: Influences of School Life on Eyesight; Count Rumford's Substitute for Tea; The Mind Cure; Massage for Indigestion; Gardening for Health; Studies In Hygiene for Women; M. L. Holbrook. M. D. 13 and 15 Laight, Street N. Y. $3.00 a year.