GUIDES THROUGH THE JOURNEY OF LIFE GRANVILLE TEMPLE SPROAT All along the journey of life, there are way-marks and guide-boards to direct us. Let us look at some of them and see what is written, in clear, legible characters, on the face of each. 1. Be patient. Patience and long suffering cure half the ills of life. They are like the magic lamp of Aladdin that turned all things it touched to gold. Who has not read and ad- mired the story of Uncle Toby, in Sterne's Tristem Shandy? A fly had been buzzing about him all the morning, drumming in his ears, tickling his nose, and, as often as he put his hand up to take him, darting off like a shot, only to return again, as if on purpose to torment him. At length Uncle Toby gently caught him in his hand. He arose, went to the window and opened it, to let the fly escape, and said, softly, ' Get thee srone, poor devil. Why should I harm thee? Is not the world big enough for thee and for me? Get thee gone my blessing go with thee. ' More striking still is the story told of Isaac Hopper, the good Quaker of Philadelphia. While lying awake, one night, he heard the voices of thieves in his cellar, stealing meat from his meat barrel. He arose, Avent outside of his dwelling, and saw a thief there holding a bag at his cellar window, while a thief inside was lifting the meat through the window, into the bag. As Isaac approached, the thief fled, and Isaac took his place at the window, ' Is not the bag most full? ' asked the thief from the cellar. ' Not quite, ' said 1» 20 THE MANIFESTO. Isaac, altering his voice; ' two pieces more, there, that will do; now it is full.' The thief came up the cellar stairs, and who should he meet hut the honest Quaker! Isaac knew him at once. He was one of his nearest neighbors, and very poor. He started to go. ' Stop' said Isaac, ' I have somewhat to say to thee. Had I known of the deep poverty, and thy distress, I would have given thee all this meat, and more too,—all that thou couldst carry away. As it is, take it; take it all; and tomorrow come and see me. I would like to speak with thee. ' The man demurred ; but Isaac made him take the bag of meat on his shoulders, although, as he aft. erwards said, 'It was like taking coals of fire on his back. ' The next day he came to see Isaac. The result was, that, instead of being arrested as a thief, Isaac, after hearing of his poverty, and his subsequent temptation, furnished him with a good, payable sit' uation which he held through life; and he ever afterwards blessed the name of Isaac Hopper, who, by his patience and long suffering had saved him, and his family, from destruction. 2. Be modest and unassuming. Isaac Hopper-—he deserves to be remembered for his deeds of goodness, and charity—was sent on business of importance to Europe. He was dining with a family of wealth and high social position, in the city of Dublin. A card was brought in. It was an invitation for Isaac to go and dine with a family in the city the following day. After the bearer of the note had gone, the host said, 'This family with whom you are to dine tomorrow are very respectable; but they are not exactly of our class. The father was a carpenter, and the host, himself, was once a tailor. ' ' Did I understand thee aright,' asked Isaac. ' His father was a carpenter, and he, himself, a tailor? Well, I was once a tailor too. Dost thou doubt it? Then look at my hands. Thou canst well see the marks of the shears upon them still. I was once a tailor; but I was never ashamed of it, I have often walked with the Mayor of the city of Philadelphia, who was, himself, once a tailor, I was not ashamed of him, and I believe he was not ashamed of me. ' o. Be sincere. All men love simplicity of character, but the man who squints, who speaks one thing out of his eyes, and means another, all good and rare spirits avoid him. It was said of Napoleon, that he could throw all expression out of his face, the moment you looked at him, to interpret his secret motive. And what squeaking there is through masks that hide the meaning of the face behind them ! ' Let me see your face, and look into your eyes, ' said a wise old teacher, ' and then I can tell what you m an. ' The greatest men have always been the simplest men. It was so with Newton, of whom it is said '' science was as easy as breathing. He used the same wit to weigh the moon that he did to buckle his shoe, and all his life was .simple, wise and majestic. So was it with Archimedes—always self-same, like the sky. In Linneus, in Franklin, the like sweetness and equality; no stilts* no tiptoe— and their results were Avholesome and memorable to all men. ' 4. On the guide board it is writtten, ' Lie not one to another; seeing that ye have put off the old man and his deed*. The lying tongue is but for a moment. ' A lie will burn as well as any other lamp, while the oil of reputation lasts; but the oil is soon expended ; the lamp flickers and flutters, and, finally, goes out, and fills the house with noisome stench, and all the inmates turn away from it with loathing and disgust. 'A lie glasses the eye, pinches the nose, furrows the cheek, and writes on the forehead of a king, ' fool! fool!' The Avorld is full of judgment days, and wherever a man goes, he is guaged and stamped for what he is worth. ' Character will speak under the closest mask. Let a man with a false, deceitful tongue go among others and they will say, 'Now, look out for him! he is not to be trusted. He is a broken reed. Do not lean upon it! He is quicksand. Do not step upon it! ' He is like the two fabulous sirens of the ancient Greeks—Scylla and Charybdis. If you fell into the hands of Scylla, she tore you to pieces; of Charybdis, she swallowed you alive. ' Dreadful limits are set, by nature to dis- simulation. When a man speaks the truth, his eye is clear as the heavens. When he de- ceives, it becomes muddy, and squints. ' The THE MANIFESTO. 21 tongue also stammers and stutters. Sweden, borg says, he saw, in one of his visits to the spiritual world, a group of persons who tried to speak what they did not believe. The way they twisted and screwed their mouths was a wonder to see. They struggled, and stammered, and halted, and almost choked with vexation. The lie rose up, and smote them in the face They were like dumb mutes, who sometimes strike and beat their breasts to make the words come forth which they are struggling to utter. A lie carries with it its own punishment. It was the penitent, would-be murderer of good king Alphonso, of Castile, who, after he had been hunted from his lair in the mountains, secured, and threatened with* torture exclaimed, ' Torture ! and what torture can be equal to what I have already felt in trying to conceal the crime of which I knew myself to be guilty? What can rack and pincers do to him who has felt the agonies of remorse? ' A lie cannot be concealed. It will blab. ' Though you pile a mountain on a lie, ' said the wise old Seneca, 'yet the lie will turn over, and throw the mountain off, and the lie will stand revealed. ' The sinner shall not go unpunished. The Indians called a liar, ' Ne-bo-nas-se,'' double tongued. 'Let me look into your mouth, ' they would say, ' to see if you have not two tongues. Let me cut out one of them, for what right lias a man to live with two tongues? ' 5. Shun bigotry. The bigot does not know that in shutting the doors of the kingdom of heaven against his neighbor, and leaving him out in the cold, he also shuts himself out, and shivers with a worse cold than he makes his neighbor feel. It is the eternal law of recompense. We cannot escape it. On the balances of God it is written, 'A pound for a pound.' Justice holds the scales. We have all read the story of the ancient medieval artist who invented the brazen bull. He took it to the emperor, and said, ' See what I have made ! It is a wonderful instrument for torture ! Ir it I will put my enemy ; a fire shall be kindled beneath it, and the cries of my enemy shall sound like the roaring of an infuriated bull. It will be wonderful to hear him roar. ' ' Will it? ' replied the emperor. ' Then we will have you the first put into it; a fire shall be kindled, as you have intended for your enemy. We will be the first to be amused by hearing the bull roar. ' It was the crying sin of the Pharisees that they shut the door of the kingdom of heaven : they would not go in themselves, nor suffer others to go in. Therefore Jesus reproved them. That great heart cften spoke to them in parables, exposing their narrowness and bigotry. One of his parables, with its moral, may be read thus :—A traveler was beset by robbers, and wounded, and left weltering in his blood. A priest and a Levite passed that way. They saw him there, covered with blood. Could they defile their hands by touching him? Had not the law and the temple stronger demands on them than the law of humanity? They ' passed by on the other side. ' A poor outcast Samaritan, also, came along. He ran to his help. In helping him, he helped himself. What a man does, that he has. What lin gives he gains. He gained the reward which the priest and the Levite lost. ' Go, and do likewise, ' said, Jesus. What we withhold from others, we withhold from ourselves. It is the eternal law. The thief steals from himself. Jesus reproved the Pharisees ; but it was always in a spirit of love. Love is like the sun. 'It melts all hearts but what are mummy-cased in selfishness and bigotry. True love appreciates all things. It knows not the cold words, mine and thine. It says, 'I and my brother are one. All I am is his, all he is is nit. ' ' All things are yours, ' said the great heart of Paul. It was a beautiful reply of Fenelon to the Romish priest, who came to dispute with him, threatening him with excommunication. 'You cannot excommunicate me, ' said he, ' I own you. I own the whole church of Home. I own you, although you may not own me. Home cannot build her walls so high but I can fly over them. My love shall embrace you all. You may scratch my name from the rolls of the church, but you cannot scratch your names from my roll, and that is just as good. ' The priest went away confounded. Home, with all its legions, was not so strong as that great loving heart. 22 THE MANIFESTO. G. Beware of avarice. We remember once looking at an old English print, containing»a terrible sarcasm against the sin of avarice. It*was a picture of Satan carrying a miser, on his back, to purgatory. The miser, true to his intuitions, was trying to strike a bargain with his Satanic majesty, and was saying, ' Say, old fellow, what is the price of coal down in your region? Would there not be a chance for a fellow to make a few thousands down there? hey? ' It was wonderful to see the leer with which the ' old fellow '— his Satanic majesty regarded him. It was as much as to say, 'What! would you cheat the very devils themselves, and that, too, when you are yourself on the high road to hell?' It has been said, ' The devil cheats all souls but one; the miser cheats the devil.' His soul becomes corroded, so covered with rust that the true metal is nowhere to be seen. He has lost fellowship witli all humanity, and stands a blank in God's creation. His business is to ruin and defraud others. Prayers, tears, widow's prayers, and orphan's tears, avail nothing with him. Money he must have ; money, though souls are ruined and betrayed ; money, though the earth is made a vale of tears, money, though dug from the lowest depths of hell. The miser often perishes through his own devices. A few years since, in maRing im' provements in the city of Paris, they tore down a large stone building that had once been the residence of Foscue the miser, who had suddenly disappeared from the world, nearly a century before. In digging among the foundations, the workmen discovered a trap door, rusty with age, and fastened with a spring-lock,—itself nearly consumed by rust. They forced open the door. There were steps leading to a vault beneath, silent and dark as the tomb. They procured lights, and descended the steps. There, among chests of gold and silver, hung a human skeleton. The clothing was hanging in tatters from the fleshless limbs, and from one hand had dropped a lamp on to the ground beneath. The skeleton was that of Foscue, the miser. He had been solicited for a large loan of money to enrich the royal treasury. Unwilling to incur the displeasure of Louis sixteenth, and fearful that the money would not be refunded, in those dark and troublous days of the French nation,—in order to make it appear that he had not the sum demanded, he had caused these vaults, secretly, to be built, and the money conveyed into them. The sequel is easily told. A spring lock had fastened him in there; and lie had died there, gloating over his treasures, and feasting his eyes, even in death, witli gazing on the god of his idolatry—gold. Canaan N. Y..