ALFRED, ME., No. 1. Origin of the Shakers in Maine. New Light Baptists, called Merry Dancers Come-outers, etc. BY ELDER OTIS SAWYER John Cotton, son of John Cotton whose name is mentioned in the history of the town of Gorhain, in connection with his brother William, was born in Portland, Me., Feb. 16, 17G0.* John Cotton was the first person in the State of Maine, that received faith in the Second Manifestation of Christ, and set out to be one of the disciples of Mother Ann Lee. He moved into Alfred about the year 1781. Was married to Eleanor Coffin, the daughter of Simeon Coffin, f At the time John moved into the town there was a great religious awakening which prevailed quite extensively in the western part of the State, and also in New Hampshire, Vermont and Massachusetts. This served to draw those who were the subjects of the revival, from the set forms and creeds of the old established churches, and from all their superstitions and bigotry, believing that an important era was abov.t to dawn upon the country. Some of the subjects in their inspired moments predicted the millennial day was about to usher in, and many in their great zeal would often bear testimony against the deathlike, creedal forms and superstitions of the ¦churches. They had no established leader at this time, ¦who resided in this section of the country, but were sometimes visited by Benjamin Randall of New Durham, N. H. and Father Tingley, as he was called, both ministers and leaders in the Free-will Baptist order, but these enthusiastic religionists would meet together for worship, when each one was free to speak or sing as the spirit gave utterance. At times they were impressed by the spirit to manifest the power of God, which was very great among them. They found it im* Cotton Street was mimed in honor of the ancestors of this family. t Simeon Coflin is reported to be the first settler of the town, lie took up his residence in an Indian wigwam that stood near the present site of the house of worship at Shaker Village. The place was then called Massabesic or Sanford north Parish. possible to remain quiet, and in the spirit of that new light which tney had received and the freedom they felt in being extricated from the shackles and bondage of anti-christian bigotry, they would express their joy in songs and dances. This exercise became so frequent among them that the unbelievingcalled them Merry Dancers, New Lights, Come-outers, etc., but they preferied to be called New Light Baptists, by which name they were known wherever they had an existence. John Cotton was a zealous member of this New Light order. At this date, 1781, there was quite an emigration to Vermont, which was then called the New State. John with others concluded to purchase a farm in Vermont, and in May 1793 in company with Daniel Coffin, started on foot, with knapsacks fastened to their backs, to find a new home in the state of Vermont. They passed through the town of Canterbury, N. H. and visited some of the New Light brethren who lived in that place. On arriving at Enfield, N. H. John again found himself among another company of his New Light brethren, over whom had come a great change. Fortunately, John found hospitable entertainment with James Jewett, a well to do farmer, and was made a welcome guest. He soon learned what had made the great and improved change. James was a zealous believer in the testimony of Jesus Christ, and had accepted the faith as preached by the ministers sent out from the Society at New Lebanon. He soon informed John of this fact, and told him that to profess to be a Christian, and to be one practically, were very different things. 'Christians,' said he, 'could not marry; they must live as Jesus lived, a pure, virgin life. Christians could not fight for Jesus was the Prince of Peace. The New Testament teaches that he who takes the sword shall perish by the sword. My Kingdom, said Jesus is not of this world, hence my subjects cannot fight. If you would receive the power of God unto salvation, you must confess your sins, for sin and the nature of it separates souls from God. In Christ's Kingdom there can be no rich nor poor, no high, no low ; all are equal brethren and sis 12 THE MANIFESTO. ters in Christ. This revival of true Christianity was brought to light through Mother Ann Lee. As Jesus represented the Father in Deity, so Ann Lee was made perfect through suffering to reveal the Motherhood of God.' John soon became convinced of the truth of this testimony, and accepting James as a minister of the word of God, lie honestly confessed his sins and brought all his evil deeds to the light. This occurred on the 26th day of May 1798. John now learned that the light and conviction which he had received was a prepa-fatory work for something greater, and after he had confessed his sins, and was released from that burden, the power of God filled his soul. Tie was now convinced, beyond a doubt, that Christ had appeared the second time without sin unto full and free salvation. One morning after breakfast, lie entered into conversation with James, and to use his own language, he says, 'The power of God came upon me, rilling my soul and controlling my whole being. It raised me from my chair and under its influence I turned around, swiftly, for the space of half an hour. The door of the house was open. I was whirled through the door-way into the yard among the stones and stumps, down to the shore of the Mascoma Lake, some rods distant. On reaching the shore of the lake that same power that led me to the water whirled me back again in like manner, and I found myself in the same chair that I had been takcn from. This was a seal to my faith and a baptism of the Holy Spirit, and I promised to obey it to the end of my days. ' This vow John was faithful to keep. A few days before his death he was heard to re- mark, that he had lived a clean, pure life since the day he confessed his sins. This sudden conversion changed his mind and he returned to Alfred and then to Gorhain to tell his brethren and his friends of the wonderful things of God which he had found. While traveling toward home, he said his soul was filled with the spirit of God, so that he hardly realized that his feet touched the ground. He arrived at Alfred at midnight, and called at the house of one of his old friends, John Barnes. He says, 'I rapped for admittance and shouted witli all my might. ' John and his wife Sarah were soon at the window, and very much frightened at the unusual noise in the night. The fright over the traveler was invited into the house and immediately asked, ' What sent you back so soon.' 'I came back,' said John, 'to bring you good news of great joy.. (To BE CONTINUED.)