Books and Papers The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health. December, Contents : Tygmund F. Milkowski, the Polish Patriot and Author; Organic Cerebration; The Christian Church ; Progress ; Mcrv and its people ; Cagliostro as a medium; The French in China; Old Superstitions; A well dressed woman; Prevention of Decay of Teeth; Individuality in Relation to Physiology; Animals as Physicians; The Scourge of Quackery; Poetry; Wisdom, Wit, etc,.etc. Fowler and Wells, Co. 753 J5ro:idway, N. Y. Terms $2. a year. How to Live a Century and Grow Old Gracefully How to Live a Century and Grow Old Gracefully. By «T. M. Peebles, M. D. New York: M. L. Holbrook &amp; Co. Price 50 cents. The author in his preface says : ' Human life being both the gift of God and a blessing, it is a duty to preserve it. as long as possible. No truly gooil person, however aged, ever yet outlived his or her usefulness. En all enlightened lands old age is con- sidered honorable; the hoary head is a crown of glory. 'In preparing the following pages, while avoiding technicalities and Greek and Latin phrases, I have aimed to be practical, rigidly practical, rather than original or elegant; aimed to bring to mind and clearly present the vita) importance of air, food, clothing, drink, sunshine ami sleep in such varied ways as to inspire the reader with a proper and persistent use of them that the number of years upon earth may -be many—even a hundred! 'My only purpose as an author is to instruct and benefit my iellowmen. Laws are immutable, and all laws have their reflex action. There is nothing more certain than that in helping and blessing others we are blessed, Therefore if I pluck a thorn from a mortal's pathway and plant a rose there ; if upon the tear-wet cheek I can plant a rainbow of hope;; if by tongue or pen or practice I can prevent, or in any way relieve, human suffering, and lighten the burden of sorrow, thus aiding my fellowincn to reach a peaceful and happy old age, then a n 1 satisfied. ' The following are the titles of the chapters : The Five Forces; Old Trees; Longevity of Birds and Animals; I Repeat the Inquiry, Why? Long lived Persons, and Why? Pure Air and Deep Breathing Necessary to Long Life; How to sleep in order to Live a Century; What Shall We Bat to Live a Century? What Shall We Drink to Live a Century? What Clothing Should be Worn to Live a Century? Are Medicines Necessary to Prolong Life a Century? How to Treat Babies and Children that they may Grow up and Live to see a Century; Summarized Rules of Health enabling one to Live a Century.