'The Wisdom from Above is First Pure' WILLIAM LEONARD It should be remembered that the Apostle who made this singular expression was born a -few, and grew up under the wines of the Priesthood. What 4 THE MANIFESTO. they called wisdom, we now call knowledge, as 'God gave Solomon wisdom,' or as he says : 'I gave my heart to know wisdom. ' Again, ' The wisdom of the wise shall perish.' Besides, the Rabbins spake of worldly wisdom, the u wisdom from beneath. ' Here we see the Apostle borrowed tin's and many other forms of expression from their former priesthood. When the priests spake of the •' wisdom from above, ' it conveyed to their hearers the idea of their peculiar inspiration from the Almighty ; or the teaching conveyed to their fathers by angels. What Enoch, Abraham. Moses or tlie prophets communicated to the fathers by revelation, they handed down as the ' wisdom from above.' When Jesus came as tlie great teacher of the Christian system, with higher inspiration, .lames still called his whole revelation, 'The Wisdom from Above.' Me knew his Lord from the beginning, learned the Christian faith from his lips, knew that Jesus lived out this faith, and taught his followers to do the same; and by its effects, he knew that such teaching came down from Heaven to men. With this knowledge, when he spoke of the Christian faith, he declared it to be first of all pure. The whole text is a beautiful compound of tlie Christian faith, and James says that this is first of all pure, that Jesus by the virgin life he lived, came squarely up to it and into it, and that every true disciple must take his life for the pattern and carry it through just as he did. As the blood circulates through from the arteries to the minutest vessels in the physical system ; as a course of literary studies civilizes and enlarges all the intellectual powers ; as morality controls aud checks all the passions of the natural man, just so the effect of the virgin life must run through, cleanse and purify the never dying spirit of a Christian. The spirit of man i-s in strong league of brotherhood with the flesh which is fallen and depraved. This pure life must be studied, and lived out, till it beautifully effects a separation between the flesh and spirit, and the spirit was to be under the revelation of God, who would give a law to rule the animal passions aright. Since man fell, the spirit lias been under the dictation of the flesh, and the ilesh lias been controlled by tlie powers of darkness, aud his whole being has gone wrong, spiritually. Man's animal nature deserved, and received from Paul, the degraded name, a 'carnal mind. ' Then what business has the spirit of a Christian to be brought under this carnal 'influence? which the Apostle says, ' Is not subject to the law of God, neither iudeed can be. ' How is it possible for the spirit to follow Christ, fettered in such terrible chains of bondage? Or how is it possible for it to Kud salvation from sin, placed in a condition that it must necessarily live in sin continually? Just as long as (he spirit is held in such servitude to low ami lawless passions, it is as far from being subject tothe true Christian faith, as any depraved being who never heard of a Savior. Why is it, that for all the sins committed in the body, the condemnation falls invariably on the spirit? Is it not because the spirit panders to man's sen5 THE MANIFESTO. suality, seeks objects to minister to his indulgence, contrives his gratifications, takes t!-,e lead in carrying them out, and then comes in for the lion's share in the •excitement ? Under these considerations, we are not surprised that the Apostle lays down purity as the first Christian principle. Uere the enemy has most effectually despoiled the noblest work of God, and here he must first be attacked aud routed. If there is no virgin purity, there is no separation ; if no separation, no rising up into tjie resurrection of a higher and holier life ; if no rising into a higher life, no standing with the Lamb on Mount Zion, pure, spotless and undented. I have said that all condemnation comes in consequence of the sins committed ia the body or flesh ; but when the spirit declares its independence from the flesh, and crucifies it 'with all its tvffectsons and lusts, ' it will find what Paul said to be strictly true. 'There is no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. ' I suppose that all professois will agree, that the life of Jesus is the pattern for .all to follow. John said, 'I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God, and the books were opened, and another book was opened, which is the '-Book of Life ; ' and the dead were judged out of those things which were wTritten in the books according to their works.' Mnu stands as a monument of the highest mechanical skill of the Almighty, on this earth. In that piece of living machinery he has placed a recording instrument, like a gasometer. Gas may be consumed in millions of places, but this instrument will record the number of feet consumed, to the minutest fraction in each place. No matter how long before the examination, there stands the record with no variation. It is so with man's conscience, an unseen hand pens in that book all the actions of each son and daughter of Adam. They may sink deep in the sins of the flesh, and become steeped in crime, but the unseen hand makes its unerring marks as accurately as the gas table. No matter how sleepy, careless or forgetful the sinner may be, the hand that penned the record can shake him from his slumbers and revive his recollection, in the judgment here or hereafter. The deeds done in the body are not left to chance. This book and its contents are part of themselves, and will go with them through earth and helL When called into the judgment we must stand before the tribunal, and each read his own book before the saints, who are to judge the world ! However dark we may be now, we shall know then just how far they have gone astray. Jesus too had a conscience, and in that book was written all the actions of his life. On earth he walked so obediently to the will of God, that his Father's hand penned that life carefully upon his conscience that it may be presented as the Book of Life, by which all are compared who are called into judgment. The life that Jesus commenced and carried through, is called 'eternal life,' or a life needing no amendment, and it will therefore stand eternally. It will be a terrible reckoning when these books are read and compared with the more perfect ledger. Whatever tiny may think of it, men will have to trace their daily accounts, € THE MANIFESTO. comparing all things therein with this more perfect ledger. And who can es- timate the pains, the groans, settlements, confessions, penitence and tears it will take to wash away the stains, and make each like the pages of the '' Lamb's book of life,' and this must be done before men can stand upright in the judgment. We think that this teaching corresponds with the teaching and example of Jesus. Men who have no light to see the beauty and glory of cutting the spirit loose from the bonds of the flesh, with such we have no controversy ! If you wish to follow the example of the first Adam, and maintain morally the family relations of earth, this renders you the highest class of worldly citizens, and as such we respect you. But the real Christians, as we profess to be, are traveling in the higher and more excellent way. We are striving to come up to the example set by Jesus, standing justified and gaining the victory, on the higher plane above, while all that follow Adam stand on the earth plane beneath ! Under this cross, we are raised to newness of life, and into the liberty of the sons and daughters of God. We do not euforce these views, but present them kindly, saying as Jesus did ; ' He that is able to receive them, let him receive them. ' Harvard, Mass.