ISSACHAR BATES-NO. 6 BY H. C. BLINN Busko creek wa« on the borders of Indiana, in Busseron Co. and at this early date the country was very sparsely settled, and yet the Believers were able to form a settlement and meet with general prosperity. The Shakers called their village Busro, and for a time man;fested a commendable zeal in preparing it for a permanent settlement, but it proved to be a very unhealthy place on account of the low river lands. Another source of deep anxiety and dread weje the tribes of Indians who occupied all the country on tlie north of the settlement and these were reported to be preparing for war. Issachar saj^s that this combination of unpleasant conditions 'made me feel as though my bones were all out of joint, and that I had no place for rest. ' He was soon after prostrated with a fever caused by severe labor in Busro Creek, while making preparations for a mill-dam. On his recovery be visited Union Village, where he would willingly have made it his permanent home, but after a few weeks for rest he returned in company with James Hodge to Busro. The Society continued to make additional buildings for their better accommodation and yet they lived in great fear of an Indian war. Forts were built and United States soldiers were rapidly increasing as a protection to the people on the frontier. Gov. Harrison very kindly offered to assist the Believers to a residence in Vineennes, and would provide all the tents that they would need, and then guard the place with his soldiers. The Believers appreciated the kindness but had concluded to move into the Societies in Ohio and Kentucky. Issachar immediately went on to Union Village to make arrangements for this great and perilous undertaking, and it was appointed that all the members of the Society should leave Busro on the 15th of September 1812, and pass on to Ked Banks, and encamp on the Kentucky side. From this place some were to pass on to South Union, some to Pleasant Hill and others to Union Village. Those who were to move to the last named place crossed the Ohio river at Ked Banks and on the 12th of November entered Union Village. The sorrows and sufferings that fell to the lot of those Christian pilgrims Issachar has left for others to write, but he says ' it was joy in the midst of tribulation to meet them. ' In 18i;&gt; Issachar went to Busro and assisted tlie six Brethren who had been left at that place as a guard over the property, to sell oft' everything except the land and buildings, which was very satisfactorily accomplished. As the war with tlie Indians had closed and a prospect of continued peace gave more encouragement, the Believers were anxious to return to their own home on the Wabash. Issachar and several others returned to Busro in the Spring of 1814 to make preparations for the others to once more occupy their former house. One house only was found suitable for them to live in as the soldiers had used the property to their own advantage during the war with the Indians. On the 4th of Aug. 1814 all who had formerly lived in Busro again returned to that place, having made the trip much more expeditiously and pleasantly than the one in 1812. Issachar says, 'We now went to work and made a comfortable living, as to food and raiment; erected good buildings and mills and kept a good measure of faith and gospel order, and in a few years we had things in a flourishing condition, and I think, we had an equal portion of what belongs to the people of God, tribulation and suffering.' Busro was not a healthy locality. A great deal of sickness prevailed during the first years that the Believers made it their home. Not less than one hundred persons were confined at one time, with colds, coughs or fevers and yet the number of deaths were very limited. The year that the largest number was confined to the Infirmary with fevers, it proved fatal to only one person. 'We in sorrow mourned our great loss in the' death of Eldress Kuth Darrow on the 18th of Dec. 1814. She was a lovely woman of God, and a Mother in Israel. ' Jan. 29, 1824 Issachar made a journey to Union Village, and then to the Believers in Kentucky. In March be left Union Village THE MANIFESTO. 15 for North Union, Ohio, and visited, he says, 'a society of Dutch people at Zoar. ' On this journey he met with a serious accident which we give in his own words;—'The horse that I rode was very skittish, and on our third day out, while the snow was falling quite rapidly, I took off' my hat to shake it, when my horse caught the bits in his teeth and ran into the woods. As I fell to the ground he sent his sharp corked heels and hit me just below the knee, and made a severe wound. Samuel Hooser who was my companion on the journey, caught the horse, and I again mounted the saddle, and rode, that day, not less than thirty miles, under intense suffering. At night we examined the wound and I concluded it would be best to continue the journey and we rode on for three days, by which time my leg had swollen fearfully and I feared it would end my life. God heard my pleadings and gave me a gracious promise that I should return to my Brethren. This filled me with perfect reconciliation which I kept through all my sufferings. 'When we arrived at Zoar, several young men took me from my horse and carried me into the house, which is the last that I can accurately remember. For forty seven days I was confined with a violent fever, and under the car^ of two careful attendmts Whether I had common sense all that time, I cannot say and whether I was in this world or not, I cannot say, but I hid myself among the dead, to keep out of the way of death, so that I might save my life and return to my home. At the end of forty seven days two Brethren came from Union Village to see what had become of us, as they had just received a word in regard to my condition. I wanted to return to the Village but the Dutch people, said it would not do to move me, as I could not live to ride five miles. I heard the Brethren say, ' He will go, ' and this was joy to me. A carriage was provided and I was placed in it on a straw bed. After bidding adieu to these kind people, we started homeward, and the Brethren gave me the best vf care. We were nine days on the road, making a distance of 21-1 miles. «I was now but little more than bones and sinews. Kind care however, gradually restored me and in two weeks I was again on my feet ' In August he visited the Believers in AVhitewater, Ohio and tarried with them about six days. On the 2nd of September he again, in company with several others, left Union Village for North Union, in a carriage and was ten days in making the journey. They made a short stop at Kingston, and held a meeting in that place. After a visit of sixteen days with the Believers of North Union they returned to Union Village and on the way made a visit to the settlement in Zoar. t On the 14th of Oct. 1824 Issachar was appointed to take charge of the Society at Whitewater, Ohio. It was a very great cross to him to move from Union Village to this place, but as he had consecrated soul and body to the service of God and his people he accepted the gift and entered inco the interests-of the place and people. The families were gathered into order, their debts were cancelled and a brick dwelling finished, into which the family moved before the first day of the new year 1825. They raised a irame for a 'Meeting House ' on the 26th of May, and in June it was dedicated for worship. A blessing attended the faithful labors of the Brethren and Sisters in this place and they were soon able to purchase 100 acres of excellent land. They also built another dwelling, a saw mill, a grist mill and made many other improvements. On the 29th of July 1S2G Issachar made another trip to the Society at Busro in company with two brothers and two sisters who were from that place on a visit to the Believers in Ohio. They reached their home in Indiana on the 4th of Aug. making the trip in seven days. In 1805 Issachar traveled this same journey on foot and it required not less than twenty one days. Then it must be made on foot or on horseback. Now they could ride in a carriage. Then they were filled with fear on account of robbers, and wild Indians. Now the robbers had mostly faded away and the Indians had become peaceful. (TO BE CONTINUE!).)