HEALTH IS A DUTY In sickness there is no enjoyment except in the consolations of the Christian religion. A sound mind in a sound body is a fitting foundation for all that is high and noble in human achievements. The safest and best remedies in the world, are warmth, rest and abstinence. Delicious sleep comes oftenest to the young and the day laborer. A cheerful disposition is the sunshine of the soul. The mental states have a more controlling influence over the bodily condition than most persons imagine. There is no better way, no safer way, no easier way, no surer way of saving children from the debasing influences of the street, from corrupting associations, and from the acquisition of vicious and hurtful practices, than to make home attractive. The education of the young should properly commence with the grandmother, for it takes about two generations to eliminate the plebian from the character and constitution. Cold is the greatest enemy of old age. ! Ventilation is perfect in proportion as the j air of an apartment is kept equal in purity to ! that of the external atmosphere. This is best '- done in private dwellings by having an open ! fire-place. Nature is very much like a shiftless child, who, the more he is helped the more he looks for it. The more medicine a man takes the more he will have to take, whether it be ano dyne, tonic or alterative. The thinnest veil or .silk handkerchief thrown over the face while riding or walking against a cold wind is a remarkably comfortable protection. When alcohol was first introduced into the world in its concentrated form, about the year one thousand, it was called '' Aqua Vitac ' the water of life, the great catholicon for human maladies, but it soon became the ' Aqua Mortis, ' the water of death, the source of mortal woes incalculable. Never sit or stand with the wind blowing on you for a single moment, for it speedily produces a chill, to be followed with a fevej and then a bad cold. If thrown into the water and the strength is failing, turn on the back with only the nose and toes out of the water, hands downward and clasped. This should be practiced while learning to swim, as a means of resting from great fatigue in swimming. Exercise to the extent of great fatigue, docs more harm than good. A hearty meal, taken while excessively fatigued, has often destroyed life. No rational mind can fail to see that it is a wisdom and a duty to guard against the causes and watch vigilantly against the indications of such diseases as dyspepsia, which often so influences the mind, as to subvert the whole character, making a wreck of happiness, heart and Iif * together. IlalFs Journal of Health.