NOTES They that fear the Lord spake often one to another. Well, that is just what we wish to do. For a great many years onr fathers and mothers have been engaged in this same cause and as children of their spiritual care, we can do no better than to keep the work carefully before our own souls, and no less faithfully before the children of this world. God has not called us into a home of indifference, nor for a few days of faithfulness, but rather to a life of stern selfdenial and the cross, and to a growing righteousness, ever and ever. We are still in the morning of the New Year. A gift of divine love is before us. Watching and praying will become one of our great spiritual opportunities. Already we have passed one month of this new year, and have spoken and written and prayed and sung with each other of the good things which God has reserved for those that love and serve him. Again we meet in the conference and bring forward those gifts that have been wrought out by care and prayer or that have been conferred upon us by some passing spirit. Whichever it may have been, we have no doubt but that much good will be obtained by this spiritual interview. Elder Harvey L. Eads, on the Unity of the Faith, strikes the key note of religious success. It is the pure in heart that have the promise of entering the heavenly courts. With this we have a certainty of the precious prize, while with an abundance of other good gifts, and tliis not obtained, we are still wanderers in the wilderness. A community of spiritual people cannot dwell too earnestly on the essentials of a religious life. We need to confer often with one another. 'Indeed, we ought to give more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we let them slip. ' No one could reasonably anticipate much hope of success who spends his time in pruning his neighbors vines, to the neglect of his own. Very much depends upon the union that is maintained, upon the concert of action by which to accomplish the work for our own prosperity and for the salvation of those who may not be of our order. It becomes us at the beginning of this year, to pray with the Apostle of Jesus Christ, and ask for the wisdom that cometh from-above, which is pure and peaceable, and gentle, easy to be envreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality and without hypocrisy. (James.) We should, with all diligence ' Strive to enter in at the strait gate,' and having entered it can do no harm to brush up our armor. Moth and rust may have injured it more or less, while we have been doubting. Indifference may have weakened it in some places, and negligence allowed other places to become unsuitable for use. 'Tothingshort of the whole armor of God can warrant a sure protection against the sins of the world. Let us contend for the faith. Purge out the leaven of the Sadducees and Pharisees, and so prepare our offerings that they may be acceptable before God.