Sanitary ARRESTING DIPHTHERIA Diphtheria is in a large measure due to local impurities, frequently having its origin from surroundings of uncleanness. A privy that is over-full, or tfiat is situated so as to have its noxious emanations blow toward a house ; a sewer or drain that permits its gases to find ingress into the house, End other sources of direct animal poisoning, too often promote the ravages of this malady in a family or a neighborhood. Country homes, and country school-houses, many times become centres of diphtheria from such sources, though the fact is not often recognized, and the mention of such a possibility is not unfrequently resented as an insult. Children are much more susceptible to diphtheria than adults ; but all ages are liable to suffer, and adults may present the affection in its most severe forms. It is more cr less contagious, mild forms not particularly so; but low types extending by contact very decidedly. rJ his fact, together with the influence of the primary atmospheric condition on great numbers, and the close contact of persons and playthings, and breath, usual among children, assist the spread of diphtheria through a neighborhood. Like other con- tagions, however, it is almost a general epU deniic in some seasons, and then disappears for years together. It is essentially a malady of putrescence, and was well named ' putrid sore throat; ' but every little throat soreness or simple ulceration, is by no means a diphtheria. With proper care, and the faithful observance of correct sanitary regulations, diph. theria may be hindered, or even suppressed.. Among the first of such observances should be vigorous attention to every drain, sewer, and vault in the neighborhood where the disease appears, family safety and the public good alike require this ; and there should be no delay, and no courteous hesitancy about emptying and purifying such places. Copperas dissolved in water, at the rate of one pound to the gallon, is the cheapest and most suitable disinfectant for these uses, and should be employed liberally A patient seized with diphtheria should be separated rigidly from the family, and no one permitted to enter the room but the nurses; and the nurses should not communicate with the other children, nor handle them. The sick-room should have all needless articles removed from it, be kept well and constantly ventilated^ and have sunlight. All discharges from the mouth and nose of the patient should be caught in vessels containing copperas solution, or upon rags and burned immediately. Evacuations from the bowels and kidneys should also be disinfected, and promptly disposed of. Clothing and towels about the patient should be put at once into hot water, containing four ounces of white vitriol and two ounces of salt to the gallon, and then taken from the room. Nurses must keep themselves and their patients scrupulously clean, washing their hands frequently with a iittle chlorinated soda in warm water. A diphtheritic patient should be kept apart until recovery has been complete, and until the house and clothing have been disinfected. In mild cases this is a trifling matter; but where the malady has been malignant it will require pretty vigorous fumigation with burning sulphur effectually to destroy the contagion. Sometimes this contagion seems to retain a power for miscHef after many weeks, the malady seizing others who played with those who had been sick; but this is not likely to occur unless the rules of sanitary cleanliness have been disregarded, or imperfectly applied. Children who have had diphtheria should not be permitted to return to school for many weeks. The Healthside. THE EYES Never read in bed or in a reclining attitude ; it provokes a tension of the optic nerve very fatiguing to the eye-sight. An exchange says : ' Bathe your eyes daily in salt water, not salt enough, though, to cause a smarting sensation. Nothing is more strengthening, and we have known several persons who, after Tising this simple tonic for a few weeks, had put aside the spectacles they had used for years, and did not resume them, continuing of course, the oft-repeated daily use of saltwater.' Never force your eye-sight to read or work in insufficient or too broad light. Reading with the sun upon one's book is mortally injurious to the eyes. Selected. SLANDER [Contributed by J. S. Prescott.] Anybody can soil the reputation of any individual however pure and chaste, by uttering a suspicion that his enemies will believe, and his friends will never hear of. A puff' of the idle wind can take a million of the seeds of a thistle and do a work of mischief which the husbandman must labor long to undo, the floating particles being too fine to be seen and too light to be stopped. Such are the seeds of slander so easily sown, so difficult to be gathered up, and yet so pernicious in their fruits. The slanderer knows that many a wind will catch up the plague and become poisoned hy his, or her, vile insinuations, without ever seeking the antidote. No reputation can refute a sneer, nor any human skill prevent its satanic and sarcastic influence, because it originates frdrn a false lying spirit, -- the ' father of lies. ' Selected.