LAW OF PROGRESS. JAMES S. PRESCOTT. It is evident from the signs of the times that the party destined to rule America, is that party which is the most progressive, and is the embodiment of all reforms, although that party may be in the minority for the time being, yet, the time is coming when they will be in the majority, because the government is in the hands of the people, and the people are progressive, otherwise, they could'not have reached the intellectual plane on which they now stand. The world was never more progressive than it is to-day, even the boys and girls around us, are more developed, intellectually, at the age of ten years, than they were formerly at the age of fifteen. take them in the aggregate. There is no hope for the redemption of the human race, only by reforms, based upon the 'law of progress.' They cannot travel out of their loss all at once. It must be done by degrees, little by little, step by step. To illustrate. If we ascend a night of stairs. we begin at the bottom step first, and take only one step at a time and keep on rising by degrees, until we reach the top. It is so in ascending a ladder. Only one round at a time, un'il we reach the top, and this may be hard tugging, sometimes, especially if we have a hod of brick on one shoulder. A brick house is erected, only by laying one brick at a time, and by this constant and unceasing repetition the house is built. A Lancastrian school, is another illustration of the ' law of progress, ' beginning with the lowest, and youngest class of juveniles, who- are just beginning to learn how to form the letters of the alphabet, with a little wooden pen, in sand, and so progress by degrees, until they reach the highest class of readers. So it is with the moral and spiritual development of the human race, they cannot reach it, all at once, this is impossible ! It is too high a step to take from a low, sensual, animal plane, to that high condition, all at once. It can onlv be gained by degrees, one step at a time, one round on the ladder of progress at a time, until the top of purity and innocence is reached. And this high condition can only be gained by keeping up with the ' law of progress,' and those who continue to violate this law, will have to suffer its penalties. For it is the law of the a'je in which we live, and cannot be violated with impunity. Every man and woman who is not progressive, in this day, is violating the 'law of progress.' North Union, Ohio.