RETROSPECT. FLORA WILLIAMS. There is a scripture text that reads thus : ' Call to remembrance the former days. ' Heb. x ; 32. This will soon convince us that there is nothing new under the sun. In many respects we have the advantage, in knowledge, civilization, liberty and trade ; in the conveniences and comforts of life, avd above all in spiritual privileges we, perhaps far exceed our predecessors. If we look back to tin. period of Judaism w shall have reason to say, 'Blessed are our eyes, (or they see. and our ears for they hear ; tor many prophets and righteous men have desired to see the things we see and did not see them, and to hear the things we hear and did not hear them. ' 1 hey had the shadow, we have the substance; they had the promise wre have the accomplishment and according to our faithfulness will be our justification. Considering the period previous to the entrance of the gospel into our own country, who were our ancestors? Fainted savages of the wood, without civilization ; with only rude ideas of God whom they termed the Great Spirit; but when men began to learn the words of life, and to serve God in spirit and in truth what persecutions were they under ; being exposed to fines, imprisonments, penalties, and deaths ;-- results of ignorance and superstition. Think how they would have rejoiced to see the day of religious freedom in which we sit under our own vine and fig-tree with none to make us afraid ; with the gospel of glad tidings spreading far and wide, individuals and communities combining to make manifest the knowledge of free salvation. A church upon earth where there is neither rich nor poor, bond nor free, but one universal brotherhood in Christ, enlightening the minds of men and turning their hearts towards God for a more perfect revelation of divine truth. No longer satisfied with formal creeds and ceremonies, they seek a gospel that shall make all men alike free and equal. Well may we be proud of our glorious land of liberty, and of our noble ancestral fathers who bequeathed to us the right of a free government upon whose | banner is enscribedthe ensign of liberty, religious liberty of thought and sentiment. Perfect freedom to worship God according to the dictates of conscience ; and may the '-- blessings rich and many,' which we share so abundantly, spread far and wide until the oppressor and the oppressed shall know and feel the goodness of a just and merciful overruling Providence. Canterbury, N. H.