NOT ONE OF THEM PERISHED. HANNAH P. SHEPARD. 'I 'kept them in thy name which thou hast, given me: and I guarded them, and not one of them.perished, but the son of perdition. ' John xvii; 1$. These, the words of our Savior, in speaking of his disciples, very clearly ponray-i his life and character. He as a medium of light and truth had convicted them of their need of salvation, had witnessed their conflicts with the powers of darkness and when at last triumph- ing over the world, and salvation to them seemed secure, what rest and soul-felt, gratitude bespeaks his words, ''not one of them has perished. ' We are also impressed with the many fervent prayers offered in their behalf, of tlie weary night watchings for a close and holy relation, maintained with divine power that naught but the purest of ministrations should be received by those given him to save. At no time could he lay down his cross, because he felt the importance of his mission to save souls, and he could in confidence say &gt;k follow me, ' his life being a living example of the testimony he preached. No earthly friends had he to counsel with him, to encourage, none to commend him for his self-sacriffce : but worked alone as far as human helpers. He never turned aside from his noble purpose, neither for the scorn and contempt of the selfish, nor the persecution of his enemies. Fearless in rebuking error, having lain down his life for the good of humanit , he had no earthly friendship to lose; yet his soul abounded with love, sympathy and forgiveness for the weak and erring. Weary, foot-sore, without an earthly home, he at last fulfilled his glorious mission, and died as he had lived, true to that spirit of resignation and self abnegation which characterized his whole life. My soul expands with admiration in contemplating the beautiful character of our Savior and inspires me with energy to work unselfishly and unceasingly till the same noble purpose, shall con'rol my whole life and no earthly interests, no physical comfort, no self-love shall take the place of a genuine interest in those given us to save. Our field of labor is in the church of Christ, and may we all through the year 1885, prove that our mission is more to us than an ideal mi-simi, and by our faithfulness and activity, may we be able to save all that the kind Father hath sent us. and say as did our Savior, ---- Not one of them has perished. ' Canterbury, N. H.