THE ONE TALENT. BY H. C. BLINN. Everything pertaining to the life of a good man or a good woma:., grows more and more interesting as we advance into the knowledge of their history. This is particularly true while engaged in biblical studies and on matters illustrative of the life of Jesus. The many examples that are given of his manner of diffusing spiritual knowledge, abound in words of wisdom and loving kindness. The parable referring to the three servants who were entrusted with their maste/s goods, is as potent in its application at the present time, as it was on the day of its utterance. It was and is a powerful admonition to every one, that all of their faculties belong to God, who will demand a strict account of the use which is made of them. The parable which is found in the twenty-fifth chapter of Matt., is very interesting; but our notes are made more particularly in reference to the servant, who after receiving the one talent, went and digged in the earth and hid the Lord's money, and then excused himself bv saving. ' I was afraid and hid thy talent in the earth. ' It does u.t state that this unfortunate man had anv possessions previous to this gift : provided he had not. this one talent was a snug litfle sum with which to begin. We assume to be astonished that the man had no mor \ foresight, and yet we have no occasion to be astonished ! Since the world began there has not been wanting men of this class. T\ e call them miserly, covetous, close-fisted, and this spirit, whether illustrated in the bible or in the hearts of those present with us, is the embodiment of meanness. Selfishly hoarding up the gifts and blessings of a kind Providence an1'7 dwarfing themselves through neglect, they in a corresponding manner are trammeling others. Probably, no one at this date would care to claim a relationship to the poor felloAV that so foolishly buried his treasures in the earth. Can you not see the penurious old servant, as he receives the shining silver from the hand of his master? It was a treasure to make him happy and a blessing which should have been the joy of his life ! See him as he sneaks away from his friends and buries his beautiful gift in the earth ! As unfortunate as this may seem, it has a personal application ; the one talent may be the one essential gift or faculty with which nature has so kindly blest us, and which should be used for the honor and glory of God. Whoever luts the two or five or ten gifts from the hand of our Heavenly Father has also increasing responsibili- ties, that is, if we believe that God will require his own with usury. Phrenologists tell us that there should be harmony in the mind, as well as in music, and this harmony arises from the blending of the faculties. If there is a defect, it may be partial ; there is also a corresponding defect in the mind. But it is not so mvich the small number of gifts that one possesses, as it is the judicious use that is made of them. Perhaps you are a benevolent man. Have you received in the distribution of that gift, five talents so that you take pleasure in being generous and in conferring a benefit upon those less favored? Are you kind hearted, charitable and forgiving? Doing unto others as you would wish that they should do unto you ? How utterly mean a man tu--y become as he prostitutes his faculties to the god of this world ! Thorns and thi-tles are superlative ble- -iugs upon the earth, when p'aced in comparison wit!) such minds. Receiving no personal enjoyment from the treasures that are in possession, and through a sordid selfishness effectually preventing others. How many of these blessings are carelessly lost ; choked bv the cares of this world. Once 1 was prayerful, but I have hid my master's bles.-iug and careless indifference has taken its place. So.deep has it become burie 1 in the earth that eveu my superiors are not respected, nor old age reverenced. In the di-tribution of God's gift-; he that hath but one, should lie consecrate that to the best good of all. would be amply rewarded in the consciousness of doing right. Have you the gift of language? A beautiful treasure from the master's hand. Are you careful in the selection of your words? Have you two, five or ten talents? Upon a careful self-examination you may readily determine to what use you have consecrated this heavenly gift. Whether in public or private it should be subjected to a .willing and constaut discipline. To a grammatical and moral training which shall oblige the speaker to say what he means. In the Cnristian it should be the active vehicle through which to publish the gospel of good news. Do not allow it to be hid in the earth, or to be thrown aside among the rubbish of this world's goods to be moth eaten and rusted, and made wholly unfit for the Lord's service. Remember that every faculty of the mind belongs to God, and in the name and in the spirit of that God, we should so live that we may be willing to render a faithful account of our stewardship. With all our kind readers we will renew our covenant, before our God, that henceforth we will do right because it is right. It may be to us the door of hope and the voice of an angel of mercy in our hour of need. Canterbury, N. H.