NOTES It is the pleasure of tlie Christian people to draw discriminating lines to determine more readily the position occupied by those who make a profession of Christianity, and that class whom they are inclined to designate as the children of this world. The separation, however, may not always be as distinct as the terms would imply. The iuterblending of relations, in this case, is so subtle that it may be difficult to ascertain where the first begins and where the last ceases. The sons of God and the sons of Belial have walked, more or less, side by side on their pilgrimage, from Edenic days and enjoyed with rare felicity the wrarmth of the sun, which God has so kindly made to shine on the evil and on the good, and also enjoyed the blessedness of the rain which he sends upon the just and the unjust. These names, no doubt, quite often become somewhat mixed as ignorance, nncleanness and brutality are found marching under Christian banners, while order, benevolence and civility, are by this class so readily denominated schismatic or Infidel, if found outside of their church dogma. It is not at all singular that Consistency has been placed among the precious jewels. Tho^e who have found it, have wealth that gold and silver cannot purchase. In this search for righteousness, hungering and thirsting, in our efforts to obtain it, we soon learn that our divine Teacher has placed before us a lesson which must command our attention. Walking as he walked, praying as he prayed, we have opened before us, in all the beauty of holiness, the strait way which leads to life eternal. We learn that his people are not of this world, even as he is not of this world, for they have been called into a spiritual work, and that they are to deny themselves, take np their crosses daily and follow him, on that heavenly pathway where the children of this world can have no place. To us this seems to beau evident fact; that righteousness cannot dwell with unrighteousness, and culminate in fruit for the Kingdom of God. The same truth is made plain to those in the broad way ; they know that the people of God, or the disciples of Christ are not of then* order, and on this account the world hates that which condemns its life. Jesus was quite anxious to have his disciples understand this, and said to them, ' If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you. ' But this hatred was against the testimony that was borne, and not against the person. Remove tin- sharp sword, the testimony of the cross, and all the hatred would vanish as dew before the sun. The cross gone, all would be of the world and the world would love its own. Jecus so informed his disciples, that while they were of the world, the spirit of the world could not hate them. While the one order is exhorted to seek first the Kingdom of God and its righteousness, and to store up its treasures where moth and rust doth not corrupt, the other is over anxious about what they shall eat and drink and wherewithal they shall be clothed. They are emphatically the children of this world and are giving their whole lives to maintain its existence. The apostle, however, has spoken wisely upon this point in which he, no doubt, felt a deep interest. 'But ye have not so learned Christ, if so be that ye have heard him, and have been taught by him.' Christ teaches that we must put ofF the corrupting influences, the deceitful lusts and be renewed in spirit to God. lie would not have us live contrary to the manifestations of the spirit through him. To assume to be his disciples in the spiritual work of regeneration, and then at the same time follow the deceitful lusts of generation might form a mixture better suited for the sons of Belial, than for the sons of God. His disciples were distinctly informed that the life of generation wras not his calling. It belonged wholly to the children of this world who were given in marriage. It was an earthly order, while the children of the resurrection neither married others nor were themselves given in marriage. ''And Peter said unto him, liehold we have forsaken all and followed thee, what shall we have therefore? And Jesus said to him, Verily I say unto you, That ye which have followed me in the regeneration, when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.' To develop into manhood and womanhood is simply the work of nature, but to develop into the perfect stature ol men and women in Christ, is the work of the Holy Spirit. That beautiful lesson which the man Jesus so clearly presented to the hearers of his day, shoulc be carefully impressed upon the mind. ' Suffer little children to come unto me and forbid them not for of such is the Kingdom of Heaven.' Engaged as was the Teacher in a work of universal love, he became to the little children more of a parent, more of a protector than was possible for those who had cultivated wholly the selfish ideations of the children of this world.