THE BLINDNESS OF SENSE Upon an infinite fathomless sea of being, life dances like the listless, playful foam. Between an endless past and an endless future, it rides the undulating wave, gladdened in the sunshine, gloomy in the storm. Out of darkness into light, bewildered, into darkness it returns. .Airy sparkles of light continually issue forth out of the mystic cloudy deep. Sent out from the bosom of the great soul, crowned with a halo of glory, befitting a source so divine. Though possessing the grace of an angel and the apprehension of a God, encircled by the process of nature, unending, unbroken, unceasing, man does not learn one halt the meaning of fleshy body, or half the grandeur of spiritual power. Though divine in origin, and heavenly in destiny, he worships age after age, a battle ax or a yard-stick, while unseen are the glories of a sun that shines forever, unseen the emotions of a soul that crowns the essence of all being. Spiritual, as man is, there is a carnal element in his nature that weakens the finer sense and blinds the eye to the highest glories of the universe. The man of the five senses simply stares at nature. To him the highest glory is never revealed, lie looks without seeing. He listens without hearing. Worshiping the form, its spiritual meaning is lost. Blinded to the depth of thought there is in the elaborate handiwork of the Creator, he gets not a glimpse of the symbolic richness there is in a world of objects, boundless, vast and grand. lie resolves man into flesh and blood ; nature into substance, form and machinery. To him there is no beauty in 'the emerald girdle of the tropics, or the lichen gray cliffs of the pole. ' The ocean is only so much water; the mountains, so much sand. He can see nothing but cord-wood in the forest primeval, and learns no lesson from the symmetry ot the stately pine or the blended colors of the rose. lie beUeves that the poet raves at arj illusion when he becomes ecstatic over the azure tints that drape a magnificent sunset. But the man of insight is the symbolist who sees alike in man and nature qualities higher than the material, and believes, with the immortal Carlisle, that what we see with eyes and feel with hands is but the vesture, the visual appearance of a living soul that is behind it. The eye cannot see. The ear cannot hear. The hand cannot feel. It is the soul alone that gives acuteness to the outer sense or wakens emotion within. The soul is a prism to the eye, resolving every sunbeam into a rainbow. Men, countless as the stars, have gazed into ' the spacious firmament on high, ' but only Addison sings their songs of eternal praise. Erom everlasting the sun has silvered the mountain top, but the scene found expression only in the hymn of Coleridge. We daily rest upon the bosom of nature, and none of us can offer the tribute of a Cowper or a Bryant. Only to an Agassiz or a Dana does stern and rocky nature ' sing a more wonderful song or tell a more marvelous tale,' Long ago Locke said, 'It needs a sunny eye to see the sun. ' No one can see the ocean who does not have oceans in his soul. No one can enjoy the mountains unless he has mountains on his brain. No one but a master musician can see the soul of a Mozart. Only an artist can know the mind of a Raphael Looking at nature, --'-- the senses simply stare, the mind sees law, taste finds beauty and enjoys art. ' But the .soul alone gains the highest spiritual meaning. Insight of soul unveils the secret glory an grandeur of the universe. Instead of dead substance, it makes it a living idea. It finds man a lump of clay, makes him a symbol of divine thought; it finds mortals worshipers of form, chained to substance, blinded and groveling, makes them worshipers of what the form symbolizes, free from matter, gazing on the sun and on divine light--developing a spiritual nature that shall grow and flourish, when, ' Like the baseless fabric of a vision, The cloud-capped towers, the gorgeous palace, The solemn temples, the great globe itself, And all which it inherit shall dissolve, And like an unsubstantial pageant faded, Leave not a wrack behind.'--A College Prof. From Literary Life.