BAPTISM. DANIEL FRASER. A deeper baptism, and a higher resurrection awaits every one whose travail is in line with that of the man of Nazareth. There is such a thing as being immersed--covered all over with water. It reaches but to the surface; even should it penetrate through the body, it would be but a water baptism. In it, there is no power capable of affecting a living elevating change. We read of being buried with Christ in baptism, and raised in the likeness of his resurrection. An organic change having taken place. 'I am not of the world, etc. ' To be raised into his likeness, is to be raised into newness of life. In him, ' all old things are done away. ' Therefore, there must be a baptism of death to the world, and to its mode of procedure. Again we read, 'I have a baptism to be baptized with, and how am I straitened till it be accomplished. Implying a succession of baptisms. First, an organic change, and a succession of baptisms to complete that change. To be deeply repentant, to die to sin, and to be alive in newness of life, is a resurrection. This agrees with--'He who repenteth, and is baptized will be saved. ' Hence the necessity first, to be deeply repentant, to find an organic change. Second, to keep the door open to a succession of baptisms, and of corresponding elevations. Do not think that because a change has taken place, that the work is done. What would be thought of the man who having laid the foundation of a dwelling, went no further, and when reasoned with, replied, ' Have I not embodied in that foundation the principles of the First, and Second Appearing? What more do you want? Equally foolish are those who build with materials that cannot stand divine fire. More reprehensible still, are the parties who under the guise of building, burrow under to substitute something more pleasing to the man and woman of the world, than is the baptism of death to every carnal emotion ; and, to cover designs, come to the front with the dust of copious plausible palaver. Better far to look around and see, that the close of the nineteenth century has for me, for you, for all, special baptisms, and higher resurrections than have yet been reached ; increasing in us a separation from the world. It is a mistake to suppose that by lessening that separation, we will draw people to our principles. The City set on the hill must keep its place, or lose its attractive power. Come, let us gather to one Anointing, and greatly rejoice in the glorious surroundings of our ' isolation ' from the world--the heavenly fruit of virgin purity. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.