BE PEACEABLE. WILLIAM LEONARD. It is not enough for a Christian to be gentle or lamb-like, whin the current of life runs smoothly, peaceably, unruffled ; the most ferocious man of nature can do this. When the oppressor, the slanderer or evil workers are abroad and take the field against us, who can be calm and long-suffering then? Undertake to strip the worldly man of his property, his character or his liberty, insult or smite him, and the chances being equal, he will turn and tight or perhaps slay you on the spot. This is characteristic of the political man. When abused he calls to his aid the most stern passions of his nature. The lion, the tiger, the savage, when deeply stirred, depends upon his ferocity and strength for battle and conquest. It is so with a host of men, they place no reliance on Divine power for aid, they depend on themselves, and when triumphant, they take to themselves all the glory. It is so with the combatant, and more especially so with the hero. Our Lord saw the race in this condition as a man boholds himself in a mirror. Under the full view of man's murderous resentment, he uttered this God-like rule of action for the Christian. uYe have heard that it hath been said, an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth, but I say unto you, that ye resist not evil. ' Whatever war-like resistance, political power delegates to the earthly man, Jesus takes it all from him, when he enrolls himself under his banner. He then stands him out in the sight of all, on the quiet plain of non-resistance. If he professes to be truly rising with Christ, he must have, all that is ferocious and combative beneath on the earth plane. As a child of God, when assailed, he may use his best harmless endeavors for protection, and leave the rest to the l- Wisdom from on high. ' Amidst all the storms of persecution and bitterness of life. Jesus invariably placed his whole dependence on the ' wisdom from above, ' and found protection till his work was done and his mission ended. The first real proclamation of his divine errand in which he gave men to understand that he was auointod as Christ, was in Nazareth where he was brought up. They heard him till he compared their hearts with their fathers of old, in rejecting the prophets. In the midst of his illustrations, they seized him, ' led him to the brow of a hill, that they might cast him down headlong ; but lie, passing through the midst of tiiem, went his way.'' Jesus did not resist them by blows or anger. He did not break away and run from them like a criminal, or creep away and hide himself. He did not falter or take back what lie had said, or beg for his life, or attempt to debate, calling their cruelty in question for such an act. The power which he stood in protected him ; like a man of God he stood boldly up, non-resistant, walked through the very midst of them, went his way on his Father's business, and they had neither power to abuse or hinder him. He stood up in the dignity of his mission when they sought to seize him in the temple, and completely overawed them. When about to stone him he never changed from rebuke to persuasion, but they could not harm him. He even shielded the woman proved to be an adulteress, from their barbarity and put her accusers to shame. When the officers returned and the chief priests put the question, 'Why have ye not brought him?' They answered, 'Never man spake like this man. ' It was not the sound of his voice ; but, like the electric tire that precedes thunder, they felt the power of the holy spirit in all that he uttered. This word put forth in the power of God, cut down their murderous intentions as a mower would cut down the grass of the field. It is beautiful to observe how this protecting, non-resisting power passed from Jesus to his disciples. His work being finished he no longer needed it; their labors were about to commence and they could not exist without it. When the band of ruffians, headed by Judas found him in the garden, he could have escaped them, for by intuition he well knew they were coming. By not turning from them he placed his physical life in their hands, and delivered up the protecting power which he had stood in, to his disciples. When they stood before him, like one having authority, he enquired ' VThom seek ye?' They answered, 'Jesus of Nazareth.' In his reply he ministered a power which caused them to go backward, and they fell to the ground. Again he enquired ' Whom seek ye, ' and from policemen prostrate, he received the same answer. Then pointing to his disciples he added, 'If ye seek me, let these go their way. ' Had not their adversaries been smitten down, the disciples would have been seized and slain with their Master. Peter's swrord, the hand that smote, and the rebuke of Jesus, showed plainly that all rebuke should be left to the powers on high ; that as men they should not resist, in violence, even their persecutors. The power that shielded them at the crucifixion, clothed them at the day of Pentecost, and struck down thousands at their word, needed no additional aid from men. That power checked persecution by changing Paul from an opposer lo an Apostle. It opened the prison doors to Peter at Jerusalem, when bound in chains. It delivered Paul and Silas from the dungeons of Philippi, by shaking the very flmndations ot a prison, by an earthquake. This power delivered the Church by revelation, before Jerusalem was destroyed by the Romans. It enabled the martyrs to carry forward God's word from age to age, and to triumph over the tortures of the rack and the flames. It broke the power of Romanism, produced the Reformation, aud planted the Shaker Church in America, inhabited by a people who keep the commandments of God and have the testimony of Jesus Christ. Harvard, Mass.