Dearly beloved elder Abraham: for many long months... Shakers, Albany Co., N. Y. Deajrly Beloved Elder Abraham : For many long months I have been contemplating penning you a fraternal letter ; but, there are such a variety of subjects engrossing my mind, whenever I contemplate writing, upon which I would love to lavish upon you a few of my thoughts, that I seem at a loss upon which I may launch out. But, suppose I start out upon the power of my God,--Love ! Our God, my dear brother, is Love ; our Savior is love; our Mother is love! All the chain of their monitions and admonitions is love. The fraternal bond of fellowship of all Zion's true sons and daughters is pure angelic love ; not the blazonry of animal passion, that often devastates both body and soul. But 1st. What is the true character of this love ? 2nd. On what objects is it bestowed? 3rd. To what eud and purpose is it administered ? 4th. Who are its recipients? 5th. Who are profited by its dispensa' tions ? Ans. 1st. Of its character, it is pure, impartial, universal, charitable, forgiving; but, included in its train, are mercy, tempering justice and judgment. 2nd. It is bestowed on all the creation of God, in some appropriate manner, and some just degree. 3rd. Its purpose is to benefit,--bless, the creation of God. 4th. Its recipients are all persons, who, either intuitively or educationally look to a superior Being for aid. 5th. Those recipients are profited by it who, by the strength of its influence act the part assigned them, by the constitution of their existence, and the knowledge of truth to them committed ; :hese, alone, are benefited. That ostracism of God which culminates in infidelity, and independence, in the human family, bars and bolts the door opening to the fountain of God's love! The absolute atheist, and the absolute deistic infidel, is a lamb shorn of God's love, and metamorphosed into a wolf! In reviewing human history, man appears to have been like a pendulum bob, hung upon the rod of God's charity, forbearance and mercy; it has been swinging, alternately, between Atheism, on the one extreme, and superstitious obsequious worship, on the other. Its religious worshipful sensations have been throbbing with sacrifices and offerings, manifested in each one and all of the multiform religious institutions, inaugurated and established by the human race. Over the shriue of every human sanctuary, has been engraven, by the finger of man, '-bloody sacrifices, ' but, over the shrine of the temple built by our God of Love, is engraven by the finger of God's Son. ' Sacrifices' (material) ' and offerings, thou wouldst not; but, a body hast thou preparedst me. ' Humanity's ordeal standard of sacrificial worship, has been bloody, and crowned with death. On human altars for worship have been sacrificed, not only the blood, muscle and fat of fed beasts, but, the freshly throbbing human heart, torn from the living immolated human sacrifice, even beneath his very living anguish striken eye, and his swimming death stricken brain ! If we turn our vision on the present state of so called civilized or religious society, we find it in a transition crisis. The hawsers tethered to the ship of human creed, and dogma that have for years, in some cases, held denominational professors to their mooring posts in the harbors of the Church litany, multitudes of them, have parted, and creed and dogma have drifted into a stormy open ocean of free thought, investigation, and criticism, aye, and of doubt, and abandonment of religion ! Bibles, of almost all classes of religious professors, are being shelved, multitudinonsly ! Not only the Puranas, the Shasters, the Vedas, and the Koran, but the Pentateuch, the Prophets and the New Testament--the Christian's Bible, is sharing, with many, the same fate. Yet, while one class of society, with reason and common sense, on the one hand, is rejecting legendary, interpolated, and polymorphous, and artfully devised scripture and abandoning it to its proper position among posthumous productions, yet, preserving, reverencing, and receiving, as the authoritative guide to virtuous life, the prophetic deliveries and revelations, and the Divine inspirational instructions of the ' first born son of God, ' another class is relegating all scripture to the tombs of oblivion, abandoning themselves to the neglect of all religious service, dissipation and voluptuousness ; to sinful sensualism and indifference to virtuous life ; repudiating every standard for virtue ! These are the days, when every Christian who is loyal to his Heavenly King and Queen of Zion, has the duties of a soldier to perform, to do battle for the right, against all, and every opposition. Our blessed, but tried and suffering Ziou. cannot live on the merits of the past. When any institution survives only on the merits of mere respectability and the dead weight of former character, without a change of conduct, its dissolution is only a question of time ! What has given Ziou respectability, good character? The consecration of the life and services of its devotees to the principles of purity, peace, separation from the world ; its honesty in deal ; in short, its righteousness, when judged from the Christian tribunal .' While these elements are a living spring among Zion's Sons and Daughters, gushing forth with energy devoted to the Christian's Gospel Cause they survive hopefully ; but. if this spring runs low, and its waters become turbid, and the stimulus of its inspiration smoulders into hopeless ease and indifference, woe be to the future harvest, and woe to the harvesters, for want of nourishment ! In spring time, every culturist of the soil who is wise, first prepares the soil by much labor of amelioration, for the germination of the seed, then, when the seed is therein deposited, his hopes for a crop is not upon the dormant seeds, nor upon the rotting seeds, but, upon the germinating seeds,--those springing into life ; such, push aside every obstacle to peer out iuto the beautiful and quickening sunlight of the heavens, to be warmed, and expand their tiny leaves, to drink up life from the heavenly dews. Thus it is spiritually ! Though an hundred years have elapsed since Zion's husbandmen ploughed the fields and sowed the seeds of truth of the dispensation of Christ's Second Appearing, it is still in its spring time. And, though some of the plantation toilers are worn out in the service, and have earned a glorious reward, have reaped a bounteous harvest of salvation, and gone to the sanctuary of their redemption, the soil is still needy of the ploughman, the sower, and the culturist. Though, to the vision of some professing the Christian character the pole star dimly shines, the clouds of Zion's horizon hang low, and the rays of the sun of inspiration seem enveloped in a haze of gloom, yet, to the spiritual aeronaut, soaring above the gloomy mists of era-th. attached to his balloon of spiritual perception, in his parachute of faith, and borne up above earthly conditions into the atmosphere of God's love, power, and purposes of will the sun is shining, above the clouds of gloom ; and. he sees the car of progress in the great arena of human action, rolling on to a better and brighter destiny. Inquiry into, and investigation of principles will ultimate in heavenward resolution for the human race, as a whole though, among the millions of voyagers many run off oq a side track, into the sloughs of deception, folly and sin ; and, like a tar and feathered criminal, they have to endure much greasing, soaping and scrubbing, before being able to get on to the right track of heavenly progression, and resume the journey out of loss smoothly and profitably. Many, in Zion's Gospel net, sometimes, under the burdens of their day of toil, want to get back into the worldly sea ; and some, who are wishing to become 'New Creatures in Christ' appear to imagine, that, simply to be caught in the Gospel net, and put into Zion's tub, is a passport for them into the New Creation ; while, Indian like, they neither forgive their enemies, nor give vigilant effort to sustain their friends in the work of self-denial. It is reasonable to conclude that a good travel in Zion's pathway ought to enable a soul to leave behind all animosities, hard feelings, trials with Zion's discipline, bufferings of Satan, and all sin, in something less than an hundred thousand years, and even less than an hundred, with the thousand thrown off! But, dear Elder Abraham, I set out to write a fraternal letter, but, what room have I left for fraternal greetings ? Ah, my mind is out on the periphery of the great wheel of human progress ! Let me gravitate to affection's centre ; to love's secluded chambers, the abodes of Zion's true children who are pure in heart, and separate from sin and sinners. Here, my dear elderly brother, let us quaff, for a season, the wine of gladness that we were early caught in the gospel net, and, added thereunto, have found it profitable to be dressed for the Master's use ; not only to be beheaded and scaled, but emboweled, and, have attained some degree of comeliness in the form of a 'New Creature' hi the Kingdom of Christ. And, thus can sing some of the songs of the New Jerusalem, never learned by Moses, while on the earthly plane. Come, Brother. O how sweet the name.' Let us. with our precious gospel relations, have a little ki feast of union and flow of soul' in the parlors of our Heavenly Father and Mother, and, for the nonce, bid the troubles of old time adieu ! We shall soon put up this frail mortality in its earthly casket, and then, wing our way to fairer mansions ! Suppose we anticipate a few of its blessings, and then, renew our flight from this vain world of earthly habiliments with a newer fledged, and broader wing ! Accept, please, everlasting love, and enduring and affectionate friendship. Your affectionate Brother. Giles B. Avery.