TRUE RELIGION PRACTICAL. A vast amount of time and labor has been wasted on the merest externals i f Christianity; men havi&gt; not been wanting in all ages skilled to ' split a hair t'wixt north and northwest sides'' of some abstruse and perhaps incomprehensible dogma ot religion, who have seemed to know and care very little about religion itself. It has proved to be far easier to wrangle about the real presence, the number and validity of the sacraments, the priesthood of Melchizedek, the he-goat of Daniel's visions, or the beast of the Revelation, than to live an humble, prayerful Christian life. A man may be deeply versed in the Scriptures, and familiar with the history of creeds and the subth-ties of theological discussion, without being a Christian. Some people are always talking1 about religion, whose influence for good is next to nothing. A mere talkative is a perfect nuisance. Those who do nothing but talk religion, who never live it at home, among the'r friends and neighbors, had best hold their tongues. Their silence would be far more edifying than their speech. True religion is practical; it is to shine out in the life, and to speak in1 the daily conduct. It is not for the cloister, but for the home, the shop, the counting-room, the market. It is not for Sundays only, but for weexdays. It is seen and heard not only in the conference-room, but in the walks of business and social life. It consists not only in devout feelings and ecstatic emotions, but in helpful, self-denying acts of liberality and kindness. It has not only prayers, but alms. It not only vies 'with Gabriel while lie sings In notes almost divine ; ' it cheerfully descends to the lowliest paths of Christian service and toil. Religion is not philosophy or speculation or mysticism, but something for the everyday warp and woof of life. It makes a man honest, charitable, kind among his fellows, as well as reverential and believing before God. It is the source and origin of all true morality, of all right living, of whatsoever things are honest and lovely and of good report. This is the religion that the world needs, a religion that shows by its fruits that it is divine Watchman.