'PEACE ON EARTH.' ADA S. CUMINGS. These words were sang by the Angels mauy hundred years ago and how full o&gt; meaning they seem to me to-day as I read them. 'Peace on earth.' That means peace in the hearts of mankind and in the home circles, a bond of union and love that cannot be severed by the trials this life brings. O it is this peace on earth 1 wish to enjoy and that I do enjoy inasmuch as I live to our blessed Savior's commands. 'Good will toward men' was also wafted on the air in the sweet strains of music by the Angels at Bethlehem on the first Christmas eve, and methinks I can hear them on this blessed Christmas eve. prompting us to manifest good will in all our daily life. The same sweet strains seem to ring out on the frosty air that were heard eighteen hundred and eighty five years ago. Good will should be extended unto all but oft-times it is not pleasant to our natural feelings to deal kindly toward those who do not feel or act according to Christ's teachings toward us, but in His kingdom here on earth we are taught to crucify our natural feelings and speak and feel toward all with good will. Then we can come into that higher sphere and enjoy peace and heaven here below. In Jesus we rind our exemplar. He taught us to become as little children willing to be: led into the blessedness of a perfect life and obtain immortal glory in the great beyond. Good will consists not only in feeling kindly toward all but in being ready to perform little acts of kindness, in speaking words of love aud cheer to all whom we may meet. Who is there in thic world that has not felt the power of a kind word coining from the good will of the heart? or geutle deeds which we so often receive from our good friends. Jesus said : -' Inasmuch as ye have done it unto the least of these my Brethren, ye have done it unto me.' I will remember when I am performing a task that seems unpleasant to me, that I am doing it for him then I shall be more willing to work in the great field of life, knowing how much he has done for me. ' Peace on earth,' O may it extend throughout our Zion home and into the hearts of those who dwell therein. May it also roll over land and sea causing all strife and discord to cease forever. Then we may enjoy peace and good will here on earth. West Gloucester, Me.