SANITARY COLDS: THEIR NATURE, PREVENTION AND TREATMENT PHILIP FOSTER. M. B. The term ' cold' is applied to deviations from health, the result of nervous depression and abnormal reaction produced by a chill. The chill may be either general or partial; i. e., experienced by the whole or a part of the body, and so may be the effects to which it gives rise. The general derangement thus induced is popularly known as 'a cold in the bones, ' or ' a feverish cold,' and is so designated from its being attended with a dull aching all over the body and feverish excitement, the symptoms, indeed, when severe are those of fever; but they may be so slight as to amount to nothing more than a sense of malaise. When the effects are partial, it is;. usually the head, throat, or chest that suffers. Catarrhal affections of these parts are unfortunately too common in our damp and variable climate to call for description. Of course, both local and general derangement may. and frequently do, exist together. Colds although spoken lightly of, are not all ways easily shnken off, and sometimes lay the foundation of and end in serious disease, This is especially likely to be the case with those who inherit taints, or, as they are gen- craily called, il weaknesses, ' and such persons should be very careful about neglecting a cold. As i% prevention is better than cure,'' we will first consider how the system may be hardened and its susceptibility to cold lessened. The besv means of prevention, are to develop to the fullest extent the heat-maintaining power of the body, and to avoid everything likely to give cold. The first object may be accomplished by wearing only just sufficient clothing to keep us comfortably warm; by accustoming ourselves to sudden changes of temperature by the daily use of the cold bath: and by preserving the best state of health. While our clothing should ensure us against any feeling of chilliness, we must remember that cold is bracing, and heat relaxing, and that of the two it is better to be rather under than overclad. The regular practice of cold-bathing educates tho power by which the depressing effect of cold is resisted. When thj .-hock of the shower and plunge-baths is more than can be borne, a mere sponge dipped in cold water should be passed rapidly over the body, and then a rough towel applied vigorously until dryness and warmth are fully restored. Let it be understood that the water used for this purpose need not be of the same temperature as the atmosphere, for water is really cold; i e., in reference to the body, when it is of a lower temperature than the body. Beginners should use tepid water ( about GO dg. Fahr.,) and reduce the temperature gradually, as they feel able to bear it. The effect should be stimulating, not depressing; we should feel warmer, fresher and better after it; and if we do not, it is a sign that the water, whatever its temperature may be, is too cold for us, and the result will be injury instead of benefit. In winter, then, and in Summer also, when the water in our bath is of too low a temperature to be agreeable sufficient hot should be added to raise it to the desired point. Anything which lowers the tone of the system, as fatigue, prolonged fasting, want of sleep, care, anxiety, grief and fear lessens its power of resistance, and acts as a predisposing cause. The fear of taking cold has this effect, and consequently increases our susceptibility. The things likely to give cold, i. e., its direct or exciting causes, are not wearing appropriate clothing; sitting about in wet things ; wet or cold feet; casting some garment to which we have become accustomed; throwing off some article of dress, sitting down, or standing still when overheated, and exposure to draughts. Clothing may be inappropriate in character or amount. Of whatever materials our outer garments are composed, those worn next to the body should consist exclusively of wool, as, being a bad conductor, it protects us, when hot, from the risk of rapid cooling. While clothing must be sufficient for comfort, it is better, for the reasons already given, that we should be under rather than overclad. Sitting about in wet things is one of the surest ways of catching cold. As long as we are moving about we shall take no harm; for exercise prevents the depressing effect which the large abstraction of heat, consequent upon evaporation, would otherwise produce. The warmth of any part of the body depends upon the vigor of the circulation in it, and if our feet are cold, in spite of being well shod, our only remedy lies in increasing the circulation. This may be done by improving the health generally; washing the feet every morning in cold water, if cold occasions any feeling of numbness or discomfort, tepid should be used, and rubbing them briskly with a roujih towel until quite dry and warm ; taking plenty of walking exercise ; and not allowing them to be compressed. This last condition is an essential one, for how can the circulation be free and vigorous in tight boots? Too much care cannot be taken in casting any article of dress to which we have become accustomed. An exceptionally warm day should be chosen for this purpose, and the change effected gradually by the substitution of a similar, but thinner garment. It is very imprudent to throw off any portion of our clothing, sit down, or stand still, when overheated ; we should keep moving slowly about until we become cool. Surely the reader need not bo cautioned against draughts. A feverish cold has three distinct stages, each requiring different treatment. In the first or shivering stage warmth is plainly in- dicated. The hot-air bath is not only the most effectual means of applying heat; but by the free perspiration which it induces the cold may be cut short, and a serious illness, perhaps prevented. Any bath-room, unless unusually large, i. e.. not exceeding 1,200 cubic feet, may be turned into this form of bath (HO Fahr,) in about 20 minutes by the aid of a Calorigen stove, containing a moderately large coal fire, and having a hot-air pipe three inches in diaxieter; or one may be taken in our own loom by placing a lighted spirit-lamp under a wooden-bottomed chair, sitting down upon the chair, and being encased in a blanket, which must be fastened closely round the neck and reach the floor all round. If a lamp be not at hand, a saucer with two or three tablespoonfuls of brandy, whisky, or any other spirit, may be used. After free perspiration has taken place, which may be promoted by hot drinks, the person should be put into a bed previously warmed, and well wrapped up. In two or three hours let the additional coverings be removed, one by one, at short intervals, so that the patient may cease perspiring. All the necessary apparatus for a hot-air or vapor bath, either sitting up or in bed, can be obtained for a small sum. A large fire, hot drinks, and physical exertion of any kind, are also agents not to be despised. The second or feverish stage is the result of reaction, and is attended with heat of the skin, loss of appetite, thirst, and throbbing pains in the head The treatment consists in rest, low diet, acid drinks, and the application of cold to the temples. The third stage : The feverish symptoms may terminate suddenly in profuse perspiration, or subside gradually without this. A partial cold may proceed from a general or a partial chill, and, like the feverish cold, has three stages. The chill, if perceived, must be treated in the manner already described. The period of reaction calls for a warm atmosphere, an unstimulating diet, and a brisk purge. If the appetite be good, and considerable local disturbance may exist without impairing it, the strength will not suffer materially, and the third stage, that of convalescence, be speedily recovered from. These local affections are --usually, but not invariably, more serious when accompanied by general indisposition. If a cold be attended with great languor and depression, severe fixed pain, vomiting, difficulty in breathing, or any acute local symptoms, if the feverish excitement be great, or if there be any ' weakness ' inherited or acquired, a medical man should be immediately sent for. The Herald of Health.