ALFRED, ME., No. 4. BY ELDER OTIS SAWYER. Okigin of the Shakers in Maine. New Light Baptists, called Merry Dancers Come-outers, etc. Captain Stevenson spoke to be obeyed and there was no more disturbance. Father James continued his discourse without farther interruption. He spoke with great force and often so pathetic as to cause the audience to weep. His sermon closed with these words,--'I have brought to you the glad sound of the message of salvation. Christ has the second time appeared in his crowningglory : you have a mother who stands with Jesus at the head of the New Creation, whereby all souls of every nation kingdom and tribe that will confess their sins and forsake them, and live the Christ life of purity, free from every fllthiness of body and mind, may be born into the kingdom of heaven 'This is the regeneration, and these shall have access to the trei of life. In your day, life and immortality are brought to light in their fullness. After hearing the testimony of eternal truth, if men choose darkness rather than light, it is because their deeds are evil. Let all who will, come and partake of the waters cf life freely, and live forever, for now, even now is come salvation and strength, the kingdom of our God and the power of his Christ. ' At the close of the meetings in Gorham, the ministers were ready to move on to Sabbath Day Pond, (now New Gloucester.) Eleazer Hand who was affectionately attached to Father James, knew that Father was inclined to return to Alfred, and intended to bear him company. One of the brethren asked Eleazer which way he was going. He replied, 'That way that Father James turns his face when he mounts his horse. ' Father James overheard the conversation and turned toward New Gloucester. At that Eleazer exclaimed, ' I am going to Sabbath Day Pond, ' and called upon the rest to follow. l Very well, ' remarked Father, that is the way I want you all to go. but I am going to Alfred, ' and immediately turning his horse, he soon rode out of sight. Barnabas Bangs, a resident of Gorham, attended all the meetings held at that date. He says that while the Shaker ministers remained in Gorham, they were entertained by the best people in the place. They would be taken by tlib hand, at the close of the meetings, and urged to accept the hospitality of their homes. The people were so kind and cordial, that Father James said it was uncommon to find such friendship, and expressed great love and respect for them. On the return of Father James to Alfred, he visited many families where by his affable, simple and loving manners he won the affection of old and young. Eldress Rebecca Hodgsdon was at that time five years of age. A number of the little girls were called to see Father James, and after some very pleas, ant conversation with them, he said, 'Hold out your little hands and say, Come sweet love. ' Father then blessed the little children. Many meetings were held in Alfred by Father James and his associates. The testimony of the gospel was opened very plainly and the young believers were taught the necessity of bearing a full cross against every evil passion. It was shown to them the ne' cessity of a full separation from the world and a perfect consecration of soul and body to the work of Christ. This served to strengthen the faith of the Believers and to establish them more firmly upon a true foundation . In one of these meetings, when Father James was under an inspirational influence, he raised his hands and exclaimed, 'Keep the sanctuary clean. We have an altar for our sacrifice; upon this the wicked have no right to place an offering.' Among the listeners were some that still doubted whether it was best to unite with the testimony, or not. Many of these were now awakened by the living testimonies of Father James and his companions, and firmly decided to bear the cross of Christ and to become members of the society of united inheritance. At times the accomodations for holding meetings seemed very limited, and when large companies were present they converted the barns into houses of worship. The peo. pie, however, soon decided to build a place of worship and in the Summer of 1786 raised a building that was 36ft. long and 28ft. wide. While on this eastern journey Father James delivered several able, public dis. eourses, and spoke many times to the Believers in their social meetings. He was gifted in inspirational speaking and sometimes was prompted by the spirit to speak after a prophetic manner. At the time when Father James and the Elders were taking leave of the Believers at Alfred, many of them were anxious to receive a parting blessing, when Father James raising his hands, said, 'There will yet be a famine in this place ; not for the want of bread, nor of water, but of the word of God. After a short pause, he added, but after that there will be a great gathering of people, that will walk in the simplicity of the gospel. ' The brethren and sisters then returned to their respective places, feeling that they had been blessed with a very great privilege. John Barnes, afterwards known as Father John, made a visit to Harvard, Mass, to see Mother Ann and the Elder--. He was your.g and proud and wanted to appear like a gentleman. On arriving at Harvard he inquired if the elect Lady lived there. A brother replied, that the woman to whom he probably referred, was in the house. This brother then invited John to walk in and see Mother Ann. As he stopped to brush the dust from his nicely polished Doots, with his silk kerchief, Mother Ann stepped to the door. His profusion of ruffles attracted her attention and she soon discovered that he was absorbed in the vanities of this world. Mother then said to him, 'You are a proud and haughty young man; you should kneel where you are, and humble yourself before God, and then pray for a spirit of humility. ' John said he felt most keenly the force of her rebuke, and knelt on the grass, very much ashamed of his vanity and, at once, apologized for his appearance. Mother then invited him into the house, and cared for him as for a son. His visit was prolonged to several days, and during this time he made confession to Elder William Lee, and became more firmly established in the faith. John Cotton, David Barnes, Robert Me. Farland and Joseph Whitney were on a visit to Harvard at the time that Father James was abused by a mob. He was tied to a tree and so cruelly beaten that his back was lacerated and the blood ran profusely; yet as soon as his cruel persecutors released him, he knelt and prayed : ' Father, forgivethem, they know not what they do. ' O blessed in nocent servant, and son of the living God; how like thy divine Teacher. What a lesson it taught all the Believers that witnessed the heart-rending scene! Its effect, however, was to strengthen the faith and increase the zeal of the young converts and inspire them with greater boldness and confidence in bearing a public testimony against the powers of evil. The 'meeting house' that was built in 1,786 was never wholly finished. Twelve rough beams could be seen, overhead, in the room for worship, and these were twelve inches square'and hewn from the clearest of pine lumber. Two rooms had been finished in the attic for sleeping rooms,- but this was not done till 1788. The ministers that came to the state of Maine at this date, were Ebenezer Cooley, Elizur Goodrich, Eliab liarlow, Job Bishop and Eleazer Rand. These ministers made it a rule to come twice each year, till the organization of the society into gospel order. (To BE CONTINUED.)