AD VERTISEMENTS. Good books are always welcome messengers. We have received a specimen copy of the series to be issued, bearing this title. ' LIBRARY OF THE FATHERS OF THE CHURCH. ' In the publication of these valuable works it will give those in humble life an interest in the treasury of knowledge which has heretofore been the property only of the wealthy. In these books we shall have before us Augustine, John Chrysostom, Ephrein, Athanasius, Cyril, Cyprian and many others who have through their lives and writings, influenced more or less every form of religious belief. ' The works contained in the celebrated English collection, and reproduced here, all belong to the period anterior to the division of the Church into Eastern and Western. ' The first number contains the confessions of St. Augustine, and many a valuable lesson maybe learned even from these few pages. Published by J. Fitzgerald, 20 Laytayette Place, N. Y. Phrenological Journal anb Science of Health. April Contents: Elizabeth Tudor and Catherine DeMedicis; Shaking Hands; A Mountain Predjudice; El Mahdi, the fighting Prophet of the Soudan; The Christian Religion; Mark Hopkins, L. L. D. The Currency Question; The Intelligence of Ants; A Mushroom Head; An American Diana; The Education of the Future; Constipation; Temperance in Schools; Notes in Science and Agriculture, etc., etc. Fowler and Wells Co. 753 Broadway, N. Y. $2.00 per year. Industrial America has been publishing some very readable, timely and instructive articles on a variety of important subjects. These have been tersely and ably written, in popular language, and handsomely illustrated. Among the more important may be mentioned the series on the new Croton Aqueduct, by Thomas Whiteside Rae, C. E . recently completed; the series on Photography in (he Manufacturing Establishment, by W. E. Partridge, now running; the articles on the Natural-Gas Wells of Western Pennsylvania; the Eads Ship Railway; Water Gas Manufacture, etc. The March 14th and 28th issues of Industrial America are Special Exposition Numbers, being devoted lo a carefully-prepared and copiously-illustrated review of what is to be seen at New Orleans likely to interest the intelligent reader who wishes to know what advance America has made in the industrial arts. These two special numbers can be purchased of any newsdealer at 10 cents each, and the paper may be had regularly in the same way at a cost of 10 cents every other week, or by mail direct from the publication office, 9 Murray street, New York, at $2.00 a year. Industrial America fully deserves the marked success that has attended its publication. The Editor and Publisher of Public Herald, L. Lum. Smith, of Philadelphia, deserves many thanks for his untiring effons to expose the many ' Cheats and Frauds ' th.it are, like the frogs of Egypt, becoming a plague in the land. Every paper has an alphabetical list of this objectional class of persons and may be a profitable if not an interesting study to all publishers. Gleanings in Bee Culture. A. I Root, Medina, Ohio, $1.00 a year. Every Bee Keeper should have a Bee Journal, and learn how to keep his bees and secure the honey. Unfortunately for Central New Hampshire, Bee Keepers are very limited in numbers. The Keepers have lost their luck or the bees have pined away at the loss of their Keepers. Which ? MONTEITH'S NEW PHYSICAL GEOGRAPHY. Just Published. 4- -B~ Small Quarto, 144 Pages, 125 Illustrations,',15 Colored Maps. In mechanical execution it is unexcelled. It embraces all the recent discoveries in Physiography, Hydrography, Meteorology, Terrestrial Magnetism and Vulcanology. The Maps and Charts have been compiled from original sources. While the easy style, graphic description, and the topical arrange m nt of subjects, adapt it especially for use in Grammar schools, it w&gt;ll be found equally for use in High and Normal schools. A feature of special interest will be ' The Record of Recent Geographical Discoveries, ' which, contain brief accounts of the Explorations of DeLong, Greely and others. The work possesses the great merit of Prof. Monteith's other books, in being comprehensive and accurate, also thoroughly practical and tractable. The classes that have ' Monteith's ' invariably show good results. 4QJ* For speci nen pages, sample copies, &amp;c, address A. S. Barnes &amp; Co., Publishers, New York and Chicago.