NOTES The mission of the Manifesto in its testimonies of truth, in its messages of love and in its hymns of praise, is from month to month,- -'' Peace on earth, good will to man.' Inasmuch as it i- able to bear the impress of the spirit of our Divine Teacher, it may meet the anticipations of those who believe that the love of God is most potent in its ministrations for peace and righteousness. All that is good should be sacredly preserved while all that is evil should be consumed. In whatever we may do whether teuding directly to the building up of the new Heavens or the new Earth, or entering the warfare with the Apostle against the powers of darkness, or the spirit of wickedness that dwells in heavenly places, we shall entertain fully and freely the spirit of divine truth, believing as Jesus has said, w' The truth shall make you free. ' To obtain this freedom, this inestimable treasure, and to be able to assist other souls in securing the same godly prize, is of itself an assurance of peace and happiness. Nothing contributes so largely to the individual, spiritual prosperity, to that quality of the mind that forms a Kingdom of God upon the earth, as interested prayers and active work. As soldiers of the cross of Christ we should put on the whole armor of God and look forward to the time when we shall be found among the victorious, ' having fought the good fight and kept the faith. ' In teaching, the testimony of Jesus was very simple, his yea was yea and his nay, nay. It was not hard to comprehend. ' He that forsaketh not all that he hath, cannot be my disciple. ' This was the test of Christian discipline and comes in that form of truth which is to make us free, as children of our Heavenly Father. With forms of godliness and a blind superstition that has found its way into the religious world and fortified themselves behind creeds and churchal dogmas, we can have but little sympathy. Where selfishness rules, there rules, at the same time, a dominant spirit and the growth of this worldly element is a rapid development in every evil work. Jesus actively preached the spirit of universal love and good will for all the creation of God. Even the sparrows were worthy of a special notice of tender care, while the disciples who were so privileged as to share his gospel exhortations, he said,- -''Are ye not of more value than many sparrows?' If God has a loving care for the creatures that perish, most certainly He will have a deeper regard for those that are worthy of eternal life. This led Jesus to advise his disciples to this end.- - '- -Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth where moth and rust doth corrupt and where thieves break through and steal. ' An admonition filled with an interested love for the children of God. The better way is to lay up our treasures in the heaven of heavens where thieves cannot break through and steal. These were the preliminary steps to a higher and better life in the Church of Christ; in a Church that must stand apart from the world and wholly separated from its forms, its follies and its sins. In it will be found those who have accepted the cross and -ire already in the order of the resurrection. Mine and thine are to be laid aside and a united inheritance accepted as representing the testimony which Jesus from the first, sought to establish among his disciples. All that a man hath, said he, yea, and his own life also must be dedicated to the service of God.