THE MUSIC OF THE SPHERES. No. 1. DANIEL FRASER. '; Soon as the evening shades prevail, The Moon takes up her wonderous tale, Arid nightly to the listening earth, Repeats the' story of her birth. While all the stars that round her burn, And all the planets as they turn, Proclaim the tidings as they roll, And spread the truth from pole to pole. Ever singing as they shine, The hand that made us is Divine. ' Materialism is not constructive, it is a force to shake anything that can be shaken. In as much as you have operated in the interest of truth and goodness you have done well. To all who have so operated, we are to a certain extent indebted for the mental and personal freedom we enjoy to-day. The order of human progress at present seems to be, that old theologies have to be greatly broken up before much can be done in removing creeds! limitations. Even then, a great work has to be done, before the material rights of all can be secured. Under the pressure of new ideas and corresponding sentiments, modern civilization is evidently near in g a crisis. To direct the forces inhering in this movement aright, will be true statesmanship ; to oppose, or obstruct, is only to increase them and render their action destructive. The Declaration of Independence, was as much as could be done in 177(5. It has been charged with being a ' glittering generality.' Even the result of the Great Rebellion did not meet that charge ; the emancipated being left destitute of land. The corner stone of modern civilization is the monopoly of land ; rendering all who have no land ' Commodities.' Forcing the landless into the labor market, and subjecting them to the 'Law of supply and demand.' Another 'Declaration'' is needed, declaring that every person shall have access to all the elements by which life is sustained, without money or price. To say that he or she, has an inalienable right to the pursuit of happiness, and shall have access to all the air, sunlight, and rain that comes ; but cannot get an inch of land except at somebody's price ; is to make those who cannot buy, servants, slaves, commodities ! Land being the source of human sustenance, of social and judicial equality, and a regulator of the exchanges of commercial equivalents ; they who have no land, have in reality no social nor judicial standing. They cannot even regulate the value of their own labor, the food supply being in the hands of others. Therefore, modern civilization in this light, 'is the sum of all villanies.' It brought forth Southern slavery, the pauperism of wages, and the millionaire. Standing armies, and a vast net work of debts ; which, with the interest thereon, are of themselves huge villanies. They burden the poor to oppression ; corrupt public morals with the presence of luxurious idlers, and with hungry multitudes 'funding in the marts of labor. The troubles in Ireland a.;d elsewhere have arisen, because the millions are at the will of those who hold the land; These troubles are a presage of the coming crisis, and of the manner in which it will be met. The relation of Landlord and Tenant, is one of the forms of human vassalage; is illogical with the idea of a Republic, and also with human equality. The foundations of all just governments, will ever rest ou a just apportionment of land. Morality rests there, and no where else. Where land is held by a few families, or vast tracts by corporations, they will make the laws, and execute them in their own favor, irrespective of all considerations. Here Rationalism and Justice, is a needed Force. Morality grows out of the fact that every human being has a distinct personality, and a sphere of rights, as extensive, and as well secured as are those of any other personality. Therefore, if one man has a right to land, all men have. Morality is justice. Religion is not theology, it is goodness- -doing something whereby the neighbor is benefited. Modern civilization organically, has neither morality nor religion ; there being in it no foundation for either. Hence, some of the attacks on what is called religion, may be accepted as public services. The ruling classes are the veriest materialists- -they hold land to the exclusion of their equals by material force; if a hungry family takes from their stores, they inflict material punishment, and send the spirit of the thief to an impossible material hell. In the degree that a materialist does good, he is religious. Materialism however is a negation, has ignorance for its foundation, not knowledge. The identification of even one disembodied spirit upsets it. This has been done to the entire satisfaction of some most honorable men. The Personality of God- -the Creator, Is as well established, as is our own personality. What is personality? that is the question. If we affirm, that we are personalities, the Personality of God, is also established. On this important subject, we need not hurry up conclusions ; eternity is now ! Let us walk among created things, and learn the lessons they impart, bearing in mind that inorganic Nature, never reasons, cannot think, 'has no inventive creative ability; cannot create a state of things like itself, nor control its own conditions. Living things claim our notice ; the smallest plant and the loftiest cedar, have they not each a distinct identity ? And do not all the plants, fruits and flowers, in beauty and usefulness grow harmoniously together through the ages, and maintain their individuality entire? And are they not all commissioned to control inorganic Nature? And does not each plant do so in its own peculiar way ? And for its own special purpose ? Is not every plant a chemist, working out wonderously, not only a definite thought, but a combination of them for an express and definite end? One grows on the naked rock, assimilates a little sunshine, a little air, and a little moisture ; it grows, thrives, matures and dies, and decomposes a little ol the rock on which it grew. Another, a more elaborate worker, strikes its roots into the new formed soil, and yields food for man. What a profusion of beautiful and useful products lie around us ! There is the spotless lily, emblem of purity, innocence and peace. And is not its sweet perfume figurative of the aroma of Divine goodness? Grace is spiritual aroma. Does this perfume not also show, that its Creator has a knowledge of, and an ability to manipulate the delicate affinity of chemical action ? Every flower and sweet smelling leaf, have not the odor of the lily : noticeable variations abound. The same conditions which developed the lily, develops the blackberry. Why is it not a lily? Inventive ability in man shows itself in many ways ; so in the handiwork of the Creator. With equal pertinence we inquire why are a pair of scissors not an apple-par er? The answer is, the plants- and these tools are expressions of thought intelligently exercised, causing each to answer a definite purpose. The thoughts are essentially alike, although the one transcends the other. One is human thought and will, causing iron to assume certain forms for certain purposes The other, Divine thought and will, creates living, chemical organisms capable of building themselves up by manipulating and appropriating the inorganic elements ; fulfilling thereby the designs of their Maker. If we would save om selves from confusion of thought, we must come to the conclusion that each plant is a creation of thought, and part of a great pla^ for the support and happiness of animated creatures. To grant personality to the maker of the tools, and deny personality to the Maker of the plants, is not reasonable. We now come to a consideration of the order of the fruits in relation to human wants. There is the fragrant strawberry sheltered by the wintry snows, when they melt away, a few warm showers and pleasant sunshines, and this lowly and pre-eminent berry comes forth and heads the list of refreshing fruits. The delightful raspberries of various kinds, colors, and times of ripening follow, succeeded by the blue berries from the rocky uplands, and by the salubrious blackberry, whose very thorns are beneficent, without them probably it would have been extinct. The shining cherry pleasantly introduces itself among the berries and points to the larger fruits. The noble apple, the acceptable pear, the delicious peach, combining in themselves refreshment and nutriment. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. (TO BE CONTINUED.)