Another star of hope... Another star of hope is clearly seen in the religious world, and it will, no doubt, have a salutary influence upon those who are so fortunate as to come within the circle of its influence. The church of the 'United Brethren' are proposing stringent measures in regard to the use of tobacco. Over the signature of one of these active workers, is an article that is well worthy the serious attention of those who would wish to do themselves good and to set a worthy example for those who are younger. Br. Kephart suggests, ' That no person addicted to the use of tobacco shall receive license to preach the gospel.' This seems to be moving in the right direction and the agitation of the subject must necessarily do good. He then very kindly and considerately enlarges upon the subject as follows. ;'I do not mean to say a word against the older ministers who use tobacco. They have been faithful servants in the Church, and have done much good despite the difficulties they have labored under from the tobacco habit. They unfortunately Decame slaves to it when they were boys, likely, induced thereto by ministers of the gospel; and when they entered the ministry there was not the light on the tobacco-iniquity that there is to-day. Science and the high authority of the best medical schools had not demonstrated the injurious effects resulting from the use of to. bacco; and now they are so confirmed in their slavery to the habit that it may be impossible for them to break it; but not so with young men entering the ministry to-day. If they are sufficiently intelligent and well informed as th^y ought to be to preach the gospel, they can not be ignorant of the filthiness, the expensiveness, and the injuriousness of the tobacco-habit. And surely the young man who, knowing all that science, medicine, and good manners testify against it, has not grace enough and grit enough to break away from that habit, has not grace enough nor intelligence to preach the gospel of Christ.' We also fail to see wherein a person u. specially benefited by the indulgence a bad habit. Those who use tobacco soon infect a room with their breath and the emanations from their garments, and to that degree that it becomes very nauseating to most persons.