LETTER BOX Dear Children; Work out your own... Enfield, Conn. Apr. 1885. Dear Children ;- -''Work out your own salvation. ' Begin now. While you wait for that which may never come, precious opportunities are passing away forever. You have no right to waste a moaient. Wastefulness oftime is a sin. ' Time enough is little enough. ' Press on for the crown awaiting the faithful. The present well improved is the best preparation for the future. Time is short. Improve your portion small. It is the little moments wisely used, the little duties well performed, that make up the sum of a virtuous life. Little by little your work is done; step by step, the crown won. Purity insures a crown worth wearing. What though temptations assail? How shall you know your strength but for them? ' It is the Lord who girdeth with strength unto the battle. ' Be strong in Him. Your days are golden now. Be wetchful. Constant watchfulness is the price of salvation. ' Make your calling and election sure.'' Not only to be called, but to be Christians. It is what you are that will make you valuable. It is not how long, but how well you live. ' Since earthly joy abideth never, work for the joy that lasts forever. ' Work ! Thanking God who gives you the strength and the opportunity. '; Work, for I am with you saith the Lord of hosts. ' Your Brother, Daniel Orcutt. My dear little sister Emma Bell; Four years ago on a... Shaker Village, N. H. 1885. My Dear Little Sister Emma Bell;- - Four years ago on a bright October day a little girl was brought here by her father to claim a place as your sister. Now, you have gone from home. Although she has a great many more sisters, yet she misses her own little Emma Bell and prays every evening that no harm may come to her, but that she may return again safely. Do you know who this little girl was or is? Well, I have never regretted the day nor the working of the good spirit that put it into the mind of my dear father to provide me with such a good home and so many dear little sisters to love, and who, I am sure, love me in return. Then the dear, dearer and dearest friends, who are each day caring not only for all my physical wants but the wants of my soul as well. Just think, Emma, you and I will some day be women and what place in our home do you think we can fill? I am studying music a little and would like to be a music teacher, would not you? I have been sewing during the past week. Sometimes I have changed this work to help the sisters assort the winter apples, and once or twice have assisted Sister Sarah Frances and others. AVe have set out the tulip bulbs that will bloom this Spring. These are the first flowers that bloom after Winter, as you know, and I think they get more notice than any other flower, because they are the first. As I look from my window I see some very pretty trees. In one or two places, they are so placed that they look very much like bouquets of flowers. Would you not like to see this pretty picture? Please accept the love of sisters Mabel, Josephine and my dear teacher Helen for Sister Dorothea, Mary Ellen and yourself, also my kindest love. Your Little Sister, Lizzie Horton. Age, 13 yrs. Emma B. King,