LOVE. LOUISA BATES. In no age or clime, in no language in which thj human tongue finds utterance, is there expression more potent, fraught with deeper meaning, than the simple word, Love, the praise of which has been spoken and sung since Time began. No other emotion of the human mind has been more exalted, yet more debased, more reverenced, and more basely counterfeited, than this, whose spirit reigned in the garden of Edenic Innocence, and whose name daily falls from the lips of thousands, few of whom are conscious of its deepest, truest meaning. Webster defines Love as the '' concentration of the affections upon some particular person or object.' Poets and philosophers of every age, dissected and analyzed at this hidden spring of the organic machinery, with equally unsatisfactory results, until the intelligent, thoughtful people of to-day, are inquiring, 'What is this Love of which we hear so much yet know so little? 'The world is undergoing a change. We live in one of those mighty transitionary epochs of human history, when old things are passing away, and all things becoming new. We are realizing the prophetic tidings of ages ago, that God would pour out his spirit upon all flesh.' The perception of this truth divine, is even now descending from the spiritual heavens, upon those who will receive it, unclasping the sealed book of Mystery, and causing the clouds of ignorance and superstition to retire before its glorious advance, as the shadowy clouds of night retreat, when the Morning Stars herald the approach of the new born day. ' God and the Angel World are rolling away the rock of a base sensuality and carnality from the sepulchre of the sleeping spirit, and, obedient to th3 voice of Omnipotent Love, it is coming forth in the renewed power of a risen humanity.' Even so, the awakening intuitive perception of the human soul, is beginning to comprehend the great Truth, voiced hundreds of years ago,- - ' God is Love, and he that dwelleth in Love, dwelleth in God, and God in him. ' Then where shall we look for this precious gift, this boon of Love, to brighten our lives and strengthen our souls? Not in far off lands beyond the sea, for there they may not know God, nor the love that dwelleth in him. Shall we seek it in the many churches of our Christian land, whose costly spires point upward, whose deep toned bells ring out their calls to mankind, to come in and declare themselves saved, through the merits of that Christ whose praise they sing, whose Love they profess, and whom their daily lives do deny ? Nay for this Love of God for which we are searching, is unchanging as the heavens, as abiding, as pure and as true. Let us search for that tender, all embracing Love of God, in the charmed circle of the domestic family, but we find instead, at best, the tender natural affection which draws the sharply defined circle around its own, stamping upon it the law of 'me and mine.' Can we for a moment believe this to be that Love which is of God ? prizing above all things of earth, the inestimable worth of one poor lost soul ? O! where shall we search for the Love of God, which passeth all understanding ? For we would fain sell all that we have, wherewith to obtain this fount of Love divine, which shall be as a ' Well of water springing up unto everlasting life.' But listen, for even now cometh the answer from the depths of the soul within. 'Draw nigh unto God and he will draw nigh unto you.' Ho, every one who seeketh after Eternal Life, let fall the bands which bind you to earth, to the one set rouud of thought and feeling whose bounds are fixed, never to be encroached upon, whose theological tenets are securely packed away in little bundles like patchwork, just so many of them, and never to be any more. Can it satisfy a hungry man to know that his neighbor enjoyed a bountiful dinner, yesterday ? Nay Christian friend and when you are weary with trying to raise an inspiration by imagining the di. vine and heavenly afflatus with which the patriarchs were imbued, so many hundred years ago, of Peter being led from prison at night, by an angel of the Lord, of the calm peace which filled the breast of the beloved disciple John, of the emotions which thrilled the soul of John the revelator, upon the lonely isle of Patmos, and the real living presence within refuses to be satisfied by contemplating the spiritual feast of others, then stretch out thy hand for thine own portion. Contrast the fullness of heavenly life they enjoyed, with your own barrenness, and then realizing the spiritual poverty of your own soul, 'Draw nigh unto God, and he will draw nigh unto you.' Reach out, with all the spirit power you are capable of, for something higher, nobler, truer, than you already possess, and then conscientiously live, no matter what the cost, up to the best of your light and understanding, as fast as it is revealed to you, and daily stronger will grow the cords which bind the soul to the one Infinite Central life, to Love, to God, whom 'none but the pure in heart shall see. '* Jesus of Nazareth, after his daily labor was past, went apart to the mountains at night, to pray, that he might be filled with power to do his Father's will, and did not the Father fill the empty cup to overflowing? Ann of Manchester, in prison persecuted, prayed to see and know of the power to save, and found it. Go. thou who wouldst obtain Eternal Life, knock at the windows of heaven, in the blessed assurance that they will be opened unto you, to-day. Labor for the gift of God, to discern the 'things of the spirit, ' and it will be given, and. when, in Time or Eternity, there comes to you a call to follow 101 Christ in ' spirit and in truth, ' to live the life he lived, and bear the cross he bore. Then ' put off the old man with his deeds, ' and become joint heirs with Christ and Mother, rejoicing in the j spirit life which 'hath set us free from the law of Sin and Death.' 'Do the Shakers suppress Love?' asks the world. By no means, honest inquirer and seeker after Truth, by no means. We seek to suppress the animal passions, whose vile indulgence the risen Jesus affirms has no part nor lot in the life of those who are in the resurrection, and against which, your true Shaker, recognizing in his soul the voice of that God who is calling him to forsake tke earthly, generative order, with all its kindred ties, its ambitions, and perishable fame, to receive the kingdom of heaven, as a 'little child.' For Christ's sake, he may go forth, strong in the Lord, to labor in the fields 'already white with the harvest,' and will never cease to wage relentless war, until God *'giveth him the victory.' Then, and then only, will Love, the gift of God to the triumphant soul, the offspring of heavenly Purity, the dove of Peace, descend to make its abiding place in the temple of his pure spirit. It will endow its possessor with that true Christ-likeness, which, freed from the limitations of self, finds its chief pleasure in strewing pearls of joy and happiness upon another's darkened pathway, ever seeking to uplift and bless, willing to lay down life itself, that others may live, and grow, and expand in the sunlight of God's truth. ' Draw nigh unto God and he will draw nigh unto you.' Ho, every one who doth hunger and thirst after righteousness, the ' Spirit and the Bride say come, let him that heareth say, come, and let him who is athirst, come,' draw nigh, and drink of that everlasting fount of Life, whose name is Love. Thou Love Divine, from God come down, Descend, thou Dove, from Mother's throne, Abide with me, and be my own ; My guide, my stay, forever. My daily strength and comfort be, Until from Earth and Time set free, My soul in peace shall walk with thee, Beside Life's crystal river. Watervliet, Ohio.