THE SPIRIT OF TRUTH. ALONZO G. HOLLISTER. Tins is the life-spring of all religion, and where it exists, it must manifest it self, it must plead, it must persuade, it must convince and convert. The same spirit which fills the missionary with daring abroad, gives courage also to the preacher at home, bearing witness to the truth that is within him. There are those who say that if they held the whole truth in their hand, they would not open one finger. They seem to think it impertinent to mention religion unless it is asked for. Such people know little of the working of the spirit of truth. As long as there is doubt, and darkness and anxiety in the soul of the inquirer, reticence may be his natural attitude. But when doubt has yielded to certainty, darkness to light, anxiety to joy, the rays of truth will burst forth. And to close our hand or to shut our lips, would be as impossible as for the petals of a flower to shut themselves against the life-giving warmth of Spring. What should we wait for, when thousands are ready to listen, if one will but speak the truth and nothing but the truth? Thousands are starving because they cannot find that food which is convenient for them. And even if the spirit of truth might be chained by fear or prudence, the spirit of love would never yield. There may be times when silence is gold and speech silver ; but there are times also when silence is death, and speech is life- -the very life of Pentecost. How can man be afraid of man ; how can we be afraid of those we love ? Though political economists tell us that every convert costs us $1000 and that at the present rate of progress it would take more than 200,000 years to evangelize the world, there is nothing at all startling in these figures. Every child born in Europe, or America, is as much a heathen as the child of a Melanesian cannibal; and it costs us more than $1000 to turn a child into a mature Christian. Why not, if every natural child must be born again, or born from above, before he can be a Christian, or in other words ''see the Kingdom of God?' Jno. iii. The other calculation is totally erroneous ; fcr increase of mental and spiritual propagations must not be calculated by simply adding grain to grain, but by counting each grain as a living seed, that will bring forth fruit, some thirty, some sixty, and some a hundred fold. A religion may linger for a Ions; time, it may be accepted by people because it is there, and they know of nothing better. But when a religion has ceased to produce advocates of the faith, prophets, champions, martyrs, it has ceased to live. The Prophet says '- - His word was as a burning fire, shut up in my bones. ' Mt. Lebanon. N. Y.