INFLUENCE. MARION JOHNSON. Webster defines influence as literally, a flowing in ; and from observation and experience, we should also draw the same inference ; that it was an unseen mystical power, flowing into and permeating the mind, whether from visible or invisible agencies, and in a greater or less degree, affecting or modifying our physical, intellectual and moral actions. It also seems a self-evident fact, that this power is inherent to - -ome extent, in our very being, 'and that we are constantly exercising it, unconsciously or otherwise. This is a solemn reflection to an awakened mind, pregnant with the deepest meaning, and one by which we should square the thoughts and actions of our daily lives. If this were always realized to the extent that its importance demands, how very different would our record stand. How should we ever diffuse around us an atmosphere redolent of love and kindness, immarred by discord or disunion, but ever breathing forth a spirit of forbearance and longsuffering under provocation or injury, which those who come within our sphere wTould realize. Thus should we not onlv be elevating our own character, but we should unconsciously be instrumental in the moral and spiritual development of all who come under our influence. If the theory be true, that ^e leave our impress upon everything with which we come in contact, and that impression can be discerned by those whose- spiritual natures have been sufficiently developed, though perhaps it may not be until ages afterwards; if this theory were true, and it were possible to always keep a realizing sense of the fact, what an incentive it might prove to moral discipline, that the impress we left should be pure and right, one we should be willing to meet; and what a stimulus it would be to an active growth in all the Christian virtues and graces ; how ardent would be our endeavors to imitate Christ, our pattern and exemplar. But, alas! this is a subject of too small interest to the mass of mankind, even professors of religion seem to care very little whether their influence is purifying or otherwise. Each one seems iatent on carrying out his own selfish schemes and aims, regardless of the wrong they are doing to themselves, or the effect they may have upon the well being of their neighbors whether it will guide them into the strait and narrow path that leadeth to life, or whether it may give them an impetus on their downward course. As Believers in practical Christianity, we teach that a moral responsibility rests upon each one for the influence we exert upon others, and hence, we strive by a life of purity and uprightness to win others to the same life according to the precept of the Scriptures, 'So let your light shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your Father which is in heaven.' Canterbury, N. H.