PURITY. NANCY G. DANFORD. ' Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God.' Here seems to be a peculiar blessing for those who keep themselves unspotted from the world ; therefore it is of great importance that we know what is meant by being pure at heart. When we speak of pure gold or pure water it is easily understood what is meant; but a pure heart who can know how to obtain the treasure to which so great a blessing is promised, 'They shall see God.' Gold is not pure in the ore, but liar to be heated and smelted, repeatedly, until the refiner can pronounce it pure. How can we purify the heart the very seat of lifetime and affections.? We know that all our natural tendencies are toward the earth ; then how can we rise to a state of purity, but by a refining process, and how shall we find the furnace? The Lord hath said by the mouth of his Prophet, ''1 will place my fire in Zion, and my furnace in Jerusalem.' The Savior says, i-I came to bring fire on earth, and what will I if it be already kindled.' It is not a fire to consume the outward world, but the testimony of eternal truth, planted in the soul like a consuming fire to all evil desires a::d appetites ; the baptism of the Holy Spirit and fire with which our Savior was baptized, and through which every soul must pass again and again until wholly purified from a fallen and corrupt nature or forever be debarred from that City whose streets are paved with gold, so pure that it is as ' clear as crystal'' for nothing can enter there that defileth noteven one thought or imagination, all must be pure and clean. Therefore, saith the Savior, ' Straight is the gate and narrow is the way that leadeth unto life,' to eternal life, so very straight it will not even admit the appearance of evil ; nought but the humble soul clothed with the garments of holiness, by living the life of Christ, walking even as he walked without sin and blameless before the throne of God, then will souls be accepted when they reflect the image of the refiner while hi the crucible, or furnace ; for he says, '' I have chosen you in the furnace of affliction.' But we have all sinned and what can we all do to become pure? It is written, 'If we confess our sins He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse as from all unrighteousness. ' Here, we are shown the way ; it is by confession to cancel the sin, and then by a true repentance and forsaking of sin in deep humility, to wash the stains from the soul, thus make it clean and white, then seek, devotedly, to clothe it with all the graces and beautie? of that lovely character, Christ our exampler. Canterbury, N. H. Faith in God is to learn his problems by going and doing them; not trying to understand them first, or doing any thing else whatever with them first, than obeying them. - George Macdonald.