ALFRED, ME, No. 5. BY ELDER OTIS SAWYER. Origin of the Shakers in Maine. New Light Baptists, called Merry Dancers Gome-outers, etc. Many manifestations of divine power attended the preaching of the gospel. Prophecies, gifts of healing, and remarkable signs, as evidences of the work, which were, no doubt, intended to confirm the people, in their faith. William Nason was a very upright and conscientious man. Like the prophets of old he felt called to warn the people to keep the fear of God. He marched around Massabesic Lake, in the road, a distance of some four miles. His message which he repeated at intervals, was, 'Woe, woe to the inhabitants of the earth. Touch not my anointed and do my good prophets no harm. ' Although scattered at some distance from each other, in private families, they were quite punctual in their attendance at public service, and in these seasons they found the most spiritual power, so necessary for their prosperity and protection. These services often continued till ten and eleven o'clock at night. A few hours were then allowed for rest and sleep. In the morning another service began at four o'clock and continued for an hour when the people were dismissed for the day, to attend to their temporal business. These protracted meetings continued only during the visit of the ministers from New Lebanon, and this was thought to be necessary in order to stand against the powers of evil, the spirit of opposition and persecution which was their daily portion. It was not uncommon at an early hour of the morning when they were not engaged in religious service, for one brother to salute his near neighbor with,- -'More love brother David, ' and then for this person to reply 'More love brother William.'' A more distant neighbor would hear the sound and repeat the watchword, ''More love,' until for a long distance the air was made vocal by the sons of God shouting for joy, the angelic salutation which served as a bond of union and peace, like the cry of the watchmen in ancient cities. ' All is well.' but more in harmony with the voice of the angels at the birth of Jesus, 'Peace on earth, good will to man.' The Society at Alfred, Me., was organized in March, 1793, under the charge of Father John Barnes of Alfred, Elder Robert Me. Farland of Gorham, Me. Mother Sarah Kendall and Eldress Lucy Prescott, both of Harvard, Mass. The Sisters rode from Harvard to Alfred in the saddle, and this was almost the universal mode of travel at this date. The Society of Harvard made the Sisters a present of the horses, saddles and bridles. These were the first Shaker Sisters that visited the State of Maine from the west. In 1792 timber was cut for a more commodious 'Meeting House, which was built after the pattern of the one at New Lebanon. This house was finished at the close of the year 1794. We here copy, verbatim, the oldest piece of writing extant, sent to us from New Lebanon. This refers to the building of a house for religious purposes, and was passed to Father John in 1791. 'When the gift and order of God, to build the house to meet in for the public worship of God, in this place was publicly made known to us, the conditions were as follows; 1st. That it should be built by free contributions. None were desired to give anything towards the building, but such as could do it freely, as a matter of their own faith, and never after bring any one into debt or blame on account of what they had done. They need make no excuses of being in debt or in poverty, as God required no more of them than what they were able to do, according to justice. 2nd. That it should be done by a joint union and agreement with each other. 3rd. As the house is for religious and not for common use, none might hold a right of government in the house, by virtue of what they had done, but by Church order the property being changed from a private to a public use, is consecrated to the Lord. It is the privilege of all that believe and are holden in union, according to their opportunity, to assemble in, one day in seven, for the publie worship of God. Any further privilege to the use of the house must be by order, as the good of the Church and Society may require.' The above was received from Father James Whittaker, and was the Covenant by which the house of worship was built in New Lebanon. Father Joseph Meacham then writes, ' If you as a people believe it to be j^our duty to build a house to meet in as you have signified, you have liberty, according to the same order and covenant. ' A great many visitors called to see the Believers, as inquirers, and at such times shaved their generous hospitality. Sometimes their stock of provisions would run quite low, when a system of rigid economy would have to be practiced. Potatoes, salt meat and brown bread were staple articles. Milk, cheese and butter were sometimes added, but these were used more as luxuries. On this fare they thankfully gave their hands to work and their hearts to God, that they might lay the foundation for a united inheritance. If there was a select spot of ground that was considered holy in ancient times, then sacred and thrice hallowed is this consecrated soil upon which our feet should lightly tread. Sacred is each dwelling and upon the lintel of each door, let noliness be engraven. Trustees \vere appointed to take charge of the property and Gowen Wilson and Jonathan Nowell were called to this office. Members of the Society that lived at a distance either sold or exchanged their farms and moved into their new home. Nathan Freeman, Joshua Harding, Josiah and Aaron Whitney, also Barbara Brown came from Gorham. Gowen Wilson brought his family and most of his property from West Gloucester. Eliphaz Ring owned property in Poland, where Hiram Ricker now lives(1884) and where the celebrated mineral springs are situated. Eliphaz made an exchange of prop- erty with Jabez Ring, and by this the Believers obtained their excellent water privilege and mills. This was a valuable acquisition. The new meeting house being finished the Ministry soon moved into it. They found it much more convenient than the former one and furnished with so many rooms that it not only could accommodate their own order but could be the home of the Ministry when such chanced to come from New Lebanon, or from other Societies. Mother Lucy Wright, in her visit to the Societies in Maine, in 1803 made this house her home during her sojourn. The other members of the order at this date were Elder Abiathar Babbitt Stephen Markham and Eldress Euth Langdon. After closing their visit at Alfred, they returned directly to New Lebanon. Mother Lucy again visited Alfred in 1810 and occupied as at a former date, the upper rooms in the Meeting House. A dwelling house for the family was raised in 1794 and finished in 1795 and on the 3rd day of January 1796 (Sabbath day) the family moved into it. Elders were also appointed at the time of the organization of the Society. David Barnes, John Cotton, Sarah Barnes and Dana Thombs. The Society was now duly provided with directors in accordance with the or der of the gospel. After providing a Meet ing House, and dwelling for the family, i was their next object to build some workshops, suitable for the Brethren and Sisters. As the Sisters manufactured their own cloth they occupied several rooms with their spinning wheels and looms. It was not uncommon for Sisters to work late into the night, carding and spinning both cotton and wool. Flax was raised every year and manufactured into cloth for shirts, sheets and pillowThe sister's shop that was built in 1796 underwent a thorough repairing in 1872. The interior of the building was changed to meet the demand of today. The exterior was also changed, then painted white and trimmed with green blinds The Meeting House of 1786 was used for many years as a workshop, where the brethren manufactured a great many tubs, pails, churns and also linen and woolen wheels. Other buildings have been raised as need required so that ample accommodations have been provided for the several branches of business. ( The End. ) cases, and they would, at times display their skill in making beautiful kerchiefs of fine linen. Some of these were white with blue borders and others checked, blue and white. The cotton was bought of merchants in Portland and manufactured into cloth. After the introduction of machinery in Rhode Island for the making of cotton yarn, the merchants of Portland would supply the Society with the yarn which the Sisters would weave into cloth and were paid a certain price per yard.