THE MOTHERHOOD OF GOD The Rev. Ileber Newton of New York City, whose lectures on the Bible, it will be remembered, caused so much attention a year ago, is not to be silenced. ' The voice of God in the soul of man, ' sounds with a trumpet call within an organization altogether too large for the bands of the church. On Sunday last, Jan. 4th, his sermon was upon ''The Motherliness of God,' from the text: ''As one whom his mother comforted, so will I comfort you. ' It will be seen that the noble minister sees the principle of the duality of sex, running through all life, beginning with Deity. It marks an advanced era in religious thought when such as he dare to give voice to their own inspirations. We learn from the Herald that- - 'Readers of Theodore Parker,' said Mr. Newton, 'will recall his favorite invocation to the ' Divine Mother.' In those noble prayers which reveal the inner spirit of the man who is known to the church only as the stern iconoclast, one comes continually upon such a phrase as ' We thank Thee, O God, that we know that Thou art our Father and our Mother.' ' Very beautiful,' the heart instinctively whi.- -pei-s, while the head, perhaps, objects, ' but not at all sound. ' The thought of God as the Divine Mother is a very ancient one, found in most early nature worships. 'Tainted thus,' you will say, ' by a genuine paganism.' What, then, about St. Augustine's cry, ' O God, Thou art the Father, Thou the Mother of Thy children !' The churchman and the heretic meet thus in the spirit's longings, the true worship. To seal the union we have no less an authority for this thought than the greatest seer of the Old Testament, the second Isaiah, who, speaking in the name of Jehovah, said : ' As one whom his mother comforteth, so will I comfort you.' I wish to speak to you to-day upon this thought of God as not alone our Father, but our Mother. ''Mr. Newton then referred to the shock which, he said, the title conveyed to many minds, and proceeded to account for it by the fact that the church had been in the hands of men who, rather than women, had fashioned theology, reflecting upward upon God the distinctly masculine qualities, and by the fact that civilization itself has been chiefly fashioned by men, and that its ideals of power had thus grown out of the stern struggle they had to carry on. Nature, however, warranted the ascription of this gracious title to God. She wears undoubtedly at times a very dark look, said Mr. Newton, little like the face of a motherly power ; but this stern and savage aspect breaks away into a milder and gentler expression when the mask she ordinarily wears falls off and her secret is revealed to them that know her well. Sit beneath the sacred pines with Emerson and hearken to the whispers of his communings with the spirit of nature, a.nd you will understand the smile upon his Spartan face. He has felt the beatings of the heart ' whose throbs are love.' ''Nature, however, cannot quite clear the divine idea in it. Matter so clothes mind as to conceal its true form. We must rise to man in order to know rightly what God is. Humanity plainly images a power which is at once the source and pattern of the womanly as well as of the manly qualities, inasmuch as woman as well as man is needed to fill out the idea of humanity. The womanly traits are as worthy of the Divine Being as the manly traits. ' Mr. Newton then passed in review the peculiar characteristics of womanhood- -pity, forgiveness, gentleness, patience, sympathy, unselfishness- -arguing that each proves itself a real virtue or strength, and as such really flows out of the divine nature. ' Jesus bodied the womanly ideals as well as the manly ideals, and the God who is manifest in him shows himself to us, therefore, as one to whom we can rightly address Parker's and Augustine's prayer. Mr. Newton, in concluding, dwelt upon the comfort such a conception of God brings to those who, amid the congratulations of the New Year season, are bowed down under suffering and care and affliction. ' Religio P. Journal.