BUSRO, NO. 1. SAMUEL S. MCCLELLAND. On the first Sabbath in Aug. 1805, a camp meeting was held in Dunlavy's congregation, un Eagle Creek, Adams Co., Ohio. Elder Benjamin S. Youngs and Elder Issachar Bates went from Turtle Creek, Warren Co., in the - -ame state to attend the meeting. As both of the Brethren were preachers of the word of God, they were invited to speak. The word was received into honest hearts, and the Rev. John Dunlavy was one of the first that accepted it. In May 1810 a proposition was made to form settlements at Turtle Creek, Ohio, Shawnce Run. Ky. and at Busro, Ind. In June George Lagier and Wm. Gallagher were appointed to go to the Wabash country to select a place for settlement. They called at the house of Robert Gill, Robert Houston and Joseph Worthington. It was finally decided to form a society at Busro Creek, which report gave general satisfaction. From Eagle Creek, Ohio to Busro, Ind. is about 300 miles. A company of Brethren had been selected to drive the cattle and sheep, and to mow the prairie grass for their winter forage. All the estate at Eagle Creek was sold in 1810 and early in the winter of 1811 they made preparations for the journey, as will be seen by the following memorandum of events, as written by Samuel S. McClelland. During the month of January the Brethren had obtained two boats and brought them to Red Oak, in Mayville where they were to be held in readiness for the reception of the property. A large part of February was spent in making preparations for thejourney. Many of the household articles that could not be conveniently taken to Busro were sold at auction, while the others were packed and taken, to the boats, a distance of ten miles. On the 4th of March the two boate, one with a keel and the other flat bottomed set sail for the Wabash. At Jeffersonville the boats were unloaded and the wagons set up. The horses were taken to this place by land. On the 9th three wagons with seven families left Jeffersonville for Bu- -ro, a distance of 120 miles, where they arrived on the 16th. The boats now passed on to the moutb of the Wabash, when the keel boat received all that was in the flat boat, except a pair of mil' stones. These were left on the bank and afterwards sold. The keel boat now passed on to the mouth of Busro Creek, and reached that place the 29th. But few notes were kept of the journey of this first company, so that we shall now refer to the one that left Eagle Creek oc the 20th of March. Eldress Ruth Darrow, Saloma Dennis, James Price and Samuel S. McClelland left Union Village for Cincinnati in order to meet the second company, that were to make the journey in the boats. Of this trip to Red Oak Creek, Samuel writes: We reached Cincinnati in the evening and put up at the Columbian Inn. The next morning all went on board the boats at eight o'clock, but did not leave the place till quite late in the afternoon. At night we landed on the Kentucky shore just below the mouth of the big Miami. Before leaving Cincinnati we found it necessary to purchase another boat for transportation of our stores. Mar. 23. We set sail early in the morning but the day was very unpleasant. At night we landed on the Indiana shore, and the Sisters, with a few of the feeble Brethren found accommodations in a house. This was a fearful night. The thunder and lightning was dreadful while the rain was poured down upon us. Before morning the river had risen full eight feet. Mar. 24. Sabbath. We sailed at eight, A. M. with fair wind, but at ten A. M. while passing a great bend in the river the wind drove us violently against the Kentucky shore ind we were obliged to remain here till the next morning. Mar. 25. We sailed at six A. M. At one 3'clock P. M. we passed the mouth of the Kentucky river, and went on thirty miles to i small creek on the Kentucky shore. The lay had been very pleasant and we rested comfortably at night. Mar. 26. We sailed at six A. M. and at two ?. M. landed at Jeffersonville where we renained about two hours. We then passed &gt;ver the falls and went on shore. The rain nade our night very uncomfortable.THE MANIFESTO. Ill Mar. 27. Eldress Ruth Darrow, Saloma Dennis, James Hodge and William Price took a carriage at Jeffersonville for Busro and arrived at that place on the 30th. Our hoats were lowered to Silver Creek. The goods were now unloaded and taken three miles up the Creek in a pirogue to a place where the wagon, had been stationed. Mar. 28. We were still employed boating the property to the landing. On returning with our last load, night came upon us. It was cloudy and dark, and we learned to our sorrow that we were lost among the drift wood, and finally grounded in a field where we were obliged to leave our boat and make the best of our way through the water, mud, logs and brush to our camp at the mouth of the Creek. Mar. 29. We found our boats in the field some distance from the Creek. The water had fallen rapidly during the night so that we were obliged to haul them off All of our plunder was now placed in our four boats and we pushed off at nine A. M. The boats were lashed together and floated along very pleasantly. We passed the mouth of Salt River at two P. M. and made arrangements to sail all night. At three o'clock on the morning of the 30th we struck an island and were obliged to cut thTTTsrshing of our boats. They immediately parted and could not be secured again til] after sunrise. Mar. 30. We floated along pleasantly all day and landed for the night seven miles above the Yellow Bank. Mar. 31. Sabbath. We sailed till eleven A. M. when the wind blew so violently that we were obliged to land. We remained here the balance of the day and through the night. Apr. 1. The wind is still blowing. However, we pushed off and passed the mouth of Green River. At two P. M. the wind ceased, the river became calm and we had a fine day. We passed the Red Banks and landed for the night near Diamond Island. Apr. 2. Floated without interruption till two P. M. when we landed about half a mile above the mouth of the Wabash. We remained here till the next morning. Apr. 3. A company of able bodied men met us at this place. They had made the journey from Busro in three days. Apr. 4. We loaded our small boats, made some oars and after due preparations began ascending the Wabash for Busro. It was three P. M. when we set sail, and we had made only nine miles when we encamped for the night on the Bone Bank. Apr. 5, and G. We moved up the river about twelve miles. On the night of the 6th we had heavy thunder showers. Apr. 7. All wet this morning. We sailed twelve miles and about the same each day till the 14th. Apr. 14. Sabbath. Passed Coffee Island and encamped on the west bank of the Wabash opposite the mouth of White River. Apr. 15. Passed the grand rapids, sailed fourteen miles and then encamped near the Dochee River. Apr 17. We landed at Vincennes at three P. M. and aftei rr sting an hour we sailed four miles and then encamped for the night. Apr. 18. We reached the landing at Busro at four o'clock P. M This was our last stopping place and our last encampment Apr 19. The boat and rafts were unloaded and the goods taken to the settlement, a distance of six miles. The Eagle Creek and Busro people were now united in one community. The larger number were accommodated at the house of Robert Gill, and this was considered the central family of the Society. Four miles N. E. was another family called the Upper settlement. About three miles west were the families of Robert Houston. Joseph Worthington and others ami this was called the Lower Settlement. Most of the Brethren were engaged in the business of the farm. One hundred and fifty acres were under cultivation, the management being given to George Lagier. The central family contained seventy two members, and the whole Society three hundred. The first house that was built after the Society was formed was of hewn logs and contained ftrar rooms. This was finished in the month of June and gave good satisfaction. One death occurred from fever June 17, Anthony Fam. Age 35 years which was attributed to the low, wet lands. At the same time several persons were confined to the house with the same disease but no more deaths are recorded for this year. In July Gov. Harrison appointed a meeting at Vincennes and made a treaty with the Indians but it amounted to but little good as the red men went away as ill humored as they came. A company of rangers followed to see them safe out of the settlement. (To BE CONTINUED.)