The Phrenological Journal. May. Contents; The new Secretary of State, Thomas F. Bayard; Bos well and Johnson; True Theory of Education; The Brain and Skull Physiologically considered with Jllus; Save the Children; A Florida Lake; Criminal Subtlety Revealed; Her wages as Wife; A few words to Girls; Tuition in Domestic Economy; The hand as an Index of character; Influence of Mind on Body; Current Fallacies about Health; How to use a Xapkin; The Medicine Craze; Take Care of your Eyes; Graham Bread; Answers to Correspondents, etc., etc. Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 753 Broadway, N. Y. $2.00 per year. The Herald of Health. May. Contents; The Sanitation of Country Mansions; Seeing Straight and Thinking clear; The Nature and Cure of Asthma; Ilo(0 to Ventilate the Sitting Iloom; Health habits of Dr. Bartol; Are lead water pipes safe? A life of Purity; Thinking and Working; Studies in Hygiene for Women; M. L. Holbrook, M. D. 13 &amp; 15 Laight St. N. Y. - -1.00 a year. Hall's Journal op Health. May. Contents; Preserved Sunshine; Clean your Cellars; Sleeplessness; The first signs of Consumption; Writer's Cramp Cured; Porpoise flesh as food; Light in the Sick Room; Going without a Religion; The use of lodoform; Kumiss Kefir; Anglo Swiss Milk Food ; Facial Neuralgia; Dentition; Chiromancy; Brain Disease; Poisons and their Antidotes, etc., etc. Publishing Oflice 75 Barclay St. N. Y. $1.00 a year. GETTING BETTER. Truth, of May 2nd, contains some very fresh and valuable reading. John N. Lake, Esq., of Toronto, writes of Clark's Crossing and the seat of the late battle, from his own personal observation. John Fraser, Esq., Montreal, furnishes a racy reminiscence of a visit to Glengarry forty years ago. GeoMercer Adam, Esq., of Toronto commences some valuable papers in regard to the early histary of Ontario. Mr. Cannifl' Haight, oi' Toronto, gives an interesting reminiscence of the excitement in connection with the Fenian Raid in 1866. T. S. Brown, Esq., an old Montreal citizen, writes of the stirring times in 1837. The Poet's Page is of unusual interest. The Prize Story, from the pen of Mr. J. E. Collins, of Ottawa, (tor which a Gold Watch is awarded,) is beautifully written. A piece of fine new music. ' Canada the free ' by John Imrie, of Toronto, is published. How the Publisher manages to secure so much interesting and valuable fresh matter every week is a mystery. Truth is a wellprinted Weekly Magazine, of 28 pages, at only $3.03 a year. Send 7 cents for a sample copy, to S. Frank Wilson, Publisher, Toronto.