'To Obey, is Better Than Sacrifice.' 1st. Samuel xv. 1 to 22. ALONZO G. HOLLISTER. Voluntary sacrifice as presented in the Bible, is an act to conciliate favor- - or to acknowledge fealty or gratitude, or penitential, to make atonement for disobeying a law or command. Voluntary obedience is submission to law, and submission to law is the foundation of order, and order is tbe foundation of harmony, which is an essential element of happiness and heaven. If these affirmations are true, and we think they will commend themselves to genuine truth seekers, it follows that all lasting happiness and prosperity, rest primarily upon obedience to those laws which lay at the basis of order and harmony. The poet has said very appropriately, that ' All angels form a chain, That in God's burning throne begins, and winds Down to the lowest plane of earthly minds. ' As much as to say that all rational intelligences, proceeding more or less directly from one great primal source, are interrelated and interdependent. It is a law of creation that the sustaining elements of life, light, and happiness, invariably flow from above downward, or from superior to inferior, which makes it imperative that the inferior submit to and be guided by the superior, else there arises clash, inharmony, and interruption to the free course ot life elements. For even as planets obey the attractive power of the Sun, from whence they receive heat, light, and magnetism, so in a Divine order of society some are ordained to lead and to teach, and all to obey a central leading authority, which should have power to attract or draw through love, and to dispense the gifts of the spirit to every member properly belonging to that society. The law and commandment of God, or of His messengers, is light, and disobedience to light shuts out light, and severs interior connection with the order or circle to which the transgressor belongs. In this consists the fall of man. Each one falls by his own disobedience, more or less according to the magnitude of transgression, and can be restored only by confession and repentance, which includes return to obedience. As constant obedience maintains this interior union unbroken, and is the most beautiful and perfect demonstration of feality that can be given, it is evident that to obey, is better than sacrifice that is designed to mend so far as it can, the effects of disobedience ; as evident I say as that an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. Carlyle says 'There is no act more moral between men than that of rule and obedience. Woe ! unto him that claims obedience when it is not due. Woe ! unto him that refuses it when it is due.' And we believe this is truth. That an influence for good may accompany a command, is manifest in the case of the ten lepers who besought Jesus to heal them. He told them to go and show themselves to the Priest. Going, they were cleansed. Obedience secured to them the blessing. Brother Daniel Mosely, commenting in meeting upon the healing of Naaman the Syrian, by the prophet Elisha, said, after relating the circumstances, ' It was neither this nor that, but obedience to the good word of God, then and there made known. In the two cases here referred to, it seems unlikely that any amount of subsequent sacrifice could have recovered the gifts that would have been rejected by refusing to obey. And hence that both illustrate and confirm our text- - - - - - To obey is better than sacrifice.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.