BUSRO, NO. 2. SAMUEL S. MCCLELLAND. In the month of Sept. the Indians stole four of our best horses. So soon as it was known which way the Indians had gone, two of the Brethren and a hired man started in pursuit. This company took with them two horses, but were not provided with any weapons of defence, as they expected to obtain their property in a peaceful manner. After traveling nearly three days they overtook the Indians and found the horses. Abram Jones, who was able to converse with the Indians, told them that they had come for the horses, that they had no guns and would not fight. The Indians would not talk much, but seemed very sullen, as they were busily fix- ing their guns, so that the Brethren could obtain no satisfaction. The horses were finally unfastened and the owners started for home as rapidly as possible, each man having two horses in charge. After they had rode about three miles they learned that the Indians were pursuing them at full speed. Every exertion was now made to keep out of their way. After running some seven or eight miles through the prairie the horses became weary. They entered a nag swamp M-here the horses made slow progress on account of the mud. The Indians had gained on them, and were now discharging their fire arms. To save the horses was out of the question, and fearing for their own lives, they jumped off the horses and made for the brush with all possible speed. Instead of retaking: the four horses they now lost six with their saddles, blankets, overcoats and provisions. The mud in the swamp robbed them of their shoes and in their haste to save their lives they lost their hats. After six days of fatigue they reached home sadly torn by the bushes and briars and suffering for the want of food. Added to all this was the sad disappointment at their loss of the property. The militia were now called to go on duty for three months, up the Wabash. Samuel S. McClelland was drafted and says, 'It was just at the time that my hand was useless from the injury received last October. The officer ordered me to attend according to militia rules, but I refused, telling him that I could not use my hand. The officers took advantage of my absence and more than a year from this date, held a court martial and fined me thirty dollars, and then abated ten dollars on account of my hand. They placed an attachment on my tools and sold enough to pay the fine of twenty dollars.' An army of 1400 men was raised and marched to Busro. They encamped at Snap's Prairie about a mile from our Church. This proved a sore affliction to our Society till they marched up the Wabash. On the 7th of Nov. the battle of Tippecanoe was fought. On their return we did all we could to make those who had been wounded or were weary as comfortable as possible till they marched on to Vincennes. 1812. A saw mill and a school house were built in the month of March, and on the 7th of May school opened with seventy five boys and fifty six girls. Able teachers were provided from among the Brethren and Sisters. This school house was made of hewn logs, two stories high, and having four large rooms. A stack of chimneys was built between the rooms. On the 18th of June the President declared war against England. This with the rumors of the Indian war, added no little to our fear of impending danger. Of course we would not build forts unless we intended to defend them, and to this our faith was entirely opposed. As our settlement was almost the frontier, many thought we had better leave the ground in peace, than to run the risk of being insulted and abused by the troops, or of being massacred by the Indians. After mature deliberation it was decided for us to move away from the place for the present. The militia were gathering and had made their encampment quite near to our houses. They took the liberty to pass in and out without molestation and without even regarding the rules of good behavior. Our gardens were robbed and our fields were taken as enclosures for their horses. Our cattle and swine they butchered and destroyed in a most savage, wasteful manner. During this invasion the Brethren and Sisters were very industriously employed in preparing for our journey. Suddenly the Press Gang appeared and seized several of our horses and saddles and a few axes. Fort Harrison was already besieged by the Indians and this company were hurrying along to render some assistance. Our loss of horses caused us considerable trouble, but we were still able to provide some saddle horses and others for the plough. With horses and oxen we were able to start fourteen wagons. The boat.', were soon made ready at the mouth of Busro and loaded with a variety of our property. On the 14th of Sept. Elder Issachar Bates and Joseph Lockwocd left Busro for Union Village, to hold a conference with the leaders of that Society. Several of the Brethren remained in Busro to take charge of the property, that could not be removed. The army had increased to 1000 and our houses were converted into barracks, our nurseries into horse lots and our fields into race grounds. Sept. 15, 1812. We now bid adieu to our home in Indiana and began our journey towards the Believers that reside in Kentucky. Several of the friends from Union Village, who had been with us since August now concluded to keep us company. Our camp consisted of 300 hundred persons, 250 head of sheep, 100 head of cattle, 14 wagons, one keel boat, one canoe and one pirogue. The .wagons were so largely filled with plunder (meichandise) that it was difficult to make suitable accommodations for the sick. Some who were feeble in health preferred to make the journey in the boats. As the Believers were formed into two companies, one to proceed by land and the other by water we will accompany those in the wagons first. This body which included the company that traveled on foot, the wagons sheep and cattle made only about ten miles the first day. The encampment was in the woods and all were made as comfortable as the circumstances would permit. On the 17th we made a journey of nine miles. Our passage across the ferry at White River cost us eighteen dollars. For several days the weather was excessively warm and greatly increased the sufferings of those that were feeble. We reached the Ohio Iliver on the 21st at noon. The ferryman very kindly offered us the use of his boats for which we made him a present of several sheep. The Brethren continued the work of transportation till midnight, and began early the next day and were not all over the river till the evening of the 23rd. Our place of landing on the Kentucky shore was three and one half miles above Red Banks in the town of Henderson. The militia troops were crossing the Ohio at the same time and forming an encampment on the Indiana side, but as they crossed at Red Banks, we were quite out of their way. It was not long, however, before forty of these soldiers, ordered the ferryman to take them over the river near the place where the Believers landed. They soon marched to our resting place and informed us that they had orders to press eighty blankets. In their search they were able to obtain only sixteen, as the others were stored in the boats. For these sixteen blankets they gave us an order on the pay-master for seventy one dollars which we received at a, subsequent date. Our next move was on the banks of the river and within two miles of the village of Henderson where we found sufficient fodder for our stock and good canes for our tents. On the 26th John McComb arrived from Busro with word that the army were making sad depredations upon our property at that place. A heavy rain fell on the night of the 27th from which we were but poorly protected. The next day all hands were busy in drying the clothes and furniture, and making ourselves generally comfortable. We will now return and accompany the Believers who are in the boats. We all left Busro at o P. M. and floated down as far as Fort Knox where we stopped for the night. A gun was fired by the soldiers at the fort as a warning for us not to pass without permission. The next day one of the boats ran on a sand bar and all the goods were taken to the Illinois shore. The river was very low and we worked hard to force the boats over the bars. On the 18th we reached Little Rock, and were again obliged to unload our large boat and carry our goods about a mile down the river. This night we fastened the boats to the rocks and then encamped on the Indiana shore. On examination we found the river so shoal that it would be impossible for us to carry our goods. After traveling two miles we wer.e enabled to hire a horse boau and a pirogue, and by wading and pulling the boats through the crooked channel we made the distance of about two miles daring the day. On the 20th we reached the Grand Rapids, and soon learned that we could not pass them without more assistance. We engaged four men to assist as far as White River, a distance of nine miles. A large part of this day we were obliged to be in the water in order to make a safe passage. For six miles the river abounded in rocks and one half of this distance was included in the Rapids. For this extra help and the boats we paid nine dollars. (To BE CONTINUED.)