THOUGHTS. CEPHAS HOLLOWAY. 1. To overcome evil with good is the work of the Gospel of Christ and Mother. This comprehends the whole matter, and is the only way the subject can possibly be affected; for if we try to overcome evil with evil it only adds to it. But if we see wrath and revenge influence any one, and we act on a contrary principle of love and kindness, we shall gain the victory on righteous principles and reclaim them. And in like manner with all other evils, pride must be overcome with humility, boisteroiss- - ness by mildness, envy and emulation by preferring others to ourselves. So by acting contrary to these evil feelings and passions in ourselves and others, we gain a victory over them. 2. I have seen with certainty the light of God shine so that I could see clearly my duty without doubt, which brought a conviction that my past conduct was short of God's requirement. And that I had to repent, confess and forsake some things pertaining to it, and to mortify and crucify the nature and disposition that prompted me to do it. I have felt the love of God so powerful in my soul that I could love my enemies and do good to those who spitefully use me, and my love to my Brethren and Sisters seemed unbounded. I have felt and still continue to feel power to forgive tresspasses. 3. I believe that Jesus was in every respect like his brethren, being by generation neither superior, nor inferior. That he did partake of the light and baptism of John, which was attended with baptism of confession and repentance and fulfilling all righteousness by rectifying that which was wrong. That he did by this conformity to the light and gift of God, manifested in John, receive a revelation, and the heavens were opened and the Spirit of God descended upon him. By prayer and tribulation he was enabled to keep his soul from evil he took up his cross against all that was selfish, carnal and placed his affections upon the gift of God which proved a consuming fire to the old man. Thus he became a new creature regenerated to God a perfect example for all souls to follow. 4. From the testimony of the followers of Christ and Mother, I was forced to believe in the Gospel of Christ's second appearing which has proved the power of God unto salvation to me, nothing lacking, inasmuch as I have obeyed it. The word was to me that I was living a life that was not well pleasing to God, and that I had to forsake it; that I must take up my cross against the lusts of the flash, the lust of the eye and the pride of life, and that I must square v\y life by the pure way they laid out. I believed that they had light and power to direct, love and charity sufficient to forgive sin, not in an arbitrary manner, but by the indwelling of the Spirit of God. They taught me that I had to confess my sins to those who were appointed to hear me. So I took hold of the gift of God with an honest heart, and confessed all my sins as far as I had an understanding of what was sinful. I have continued to do so as far as my light and understanding has increased. So by repentance and confession with a determination to forsake, I have gained a victory over sir: that I know I could have obtained in no other way. i). The Gospel requires me to go forth in the worship of God with clean hands and a pure heart, with humility of soul, divesting myself of all pride or bondage, in faith relying on God for a blessing. Thus prepared, I have never failed to receive the goodness and blessing of God to the satisfaction of my soul. I believe that all souls who are thus engaged, without ostentation, will receive that gift that they most need. - - G. I believe it is my duty to be cheerful even while under trials, and govern my feelings and actions in such a way, that I shall give no offense to my Brethren and Sisters, and in no case be offended, although I shall be injured or treated with contempt, but be pleasant and respectful under all circumstances. 7. I believe it is the requirement of God for me to shake myself from all that is carnal, proud, selfish and wicked ; and devote myself wholly to God without reserve, to keep the love of God at all times in my actions and reverence him wherever he is manifested. I feel thankful to God for the Gospel of salvation. I feel thankful to Jesus Christ for opening the way of life, although opposed on all sides ; by his own mind, and hated by the world who hated the crucifying cross. I feel thankful to Mother Ann Lee for opening the way of life. Withstanding hatred, malice, ridicule and contempt, persecution and death, and could through it all breathe the spirit of good will, kindness, charity and forgiveness. In this way Jesus, the first appearing of Christ, bore the sins of the world, and set an example to follow through every trial. I believe that after a few hundred years there was a falling away, and that the true spirit of Christ was not among mankind. Therefore it was necessary that another should attain light and power to burst the bauds of death. That Mother, ihe hated and contemned of the whole world, is equally entitled to our love and thanks, as Jesus was in his Evangel. Thus aud thus only did they bare the sins of the sinful. Union Village, Ohio.