GUIDES THROUGH THE JOURNEY OF LIFE. NO. 2. GRANVILLE TEMPLE SPROAT. 7. Avoid temptation. Flee from the first appearance of evil. 'The devil,' says the Saxon proverb, 'flees when he finds the door shut against him. ' But woe to him who stops to parley. He is sure to open the door, and let the devil in. The first thing to do, is, to shut and bolt it with triple bolts ; or flee, like Lot, to the mountains- -anywhere- -to escape his insidious wiles. Our Scandinavian forefathers have left us a significant legend to convey their sense of the importance of this step. 'There was once a giantess who had a daughter, and the child saw a husbandman ploughing in the field.M Then she ran and picked him up with her finger and thumb, and put him and his plough and oxen into her apron, and carried them to her mother, and said, 'Mother, what sort of &amp; beetle is this thst I found wriggling in the sand?' But the mother said, ' Put it away, my child; we must be gone otlt of this land ; for these people will dwell in it. They are the race of men called Aryans, and they have come from a far distant land to make us all prisoners. Let us make haste and escape, before they come and destroy us. Our only safety consists in flight. ' Unhappily, iiot matly heed the warning voice, and they find, to their cost, that the Aryans are in the land, and they are bound hand and foot, and led in chains which, once riveted, they find it impossible to break, and so remain slaves, all their days, to the enemy. Happy are they who escape, and can sing from the top of the mountains, ' I am free!' 8. Aim to reach your highest ideal. In the old fables, we used to read of a cloak brought from fairy land, as a gift for the fairest and purest in Prince Arthur's court. It was to be her prize whom it would fit. Every one was eager to try it on; but it would fit nobody. For one it was a world too wide. For the next, it dragged on the ground. For the third it shrunk to a scarf. They, of course, said that the devil was in the mantle, for, really, the truth was in the mantle, and was exposing the ugliness which each would feign conceal. All drew back with terror from the garment. The innocent Genelas alone could wear it. In like manner every man is provided, in his thought, with the measure of man to be reached. Unhappily, not one in many thousands comes up to the stature and proportions of the model. They are too long or too short, too wide or too narrow, for the ideal they have set before them. We are like fabled Tantalus, dying with thirst with water near at hand which we cannot reach. 'There is no such critic and beggar as the terrible Soul. ' And only the earnest soul reaches after its highest ideal. Its watchword is 'Excelsior! ' 9. Watch your moods. Some persons are like the weather-cock on the meeting house steeple, always ready to tell which way the wind blows. Sometimes they are like A sweet, balmy morning in June, their face all wreathed with smiles and sunshine; no rose of summer could be sweeter. Then, again, they are like a cold, frosty morning in December, when the frost paints fairy pictures on our windows, and hangs stalactites from the eaves of our dwellings. They are like the porcupine in a fight; their quills stick out like needles in every direction, to prick every one who approaches them. Thus they carry with them a double identity. There is a story told of Philip of Mncedon to the point. A poor woman approached him, begging a favor of his royal highness. He had been spending the night previous in a drunken carousal, and he turned away from her with contempt and scorn. 'Well,' said she, turning herself to go, 'I will appeal to the king. ' ' And am not I the king? ' he gruffly asked. ' There are two kings,' she replied, 'Philip drunk, and Philip sober, I will appeal to Philip sober. ' She afterwards made her appeal to Philip sober, and her request was granted. 10. Be temperate. Volumes have been written in the praise of temperance. There has not been one word too much A temperate man is the only true and self-possessed man. The glutton and inebriate are always cowards, ready to slink away at their own shadow. ' Infirm of purpose ' is written, in deep characters, all over the face of the intemperate and self-indulgent man. It is said that Napoleon lost the battle of Waterloo, owing to eating too heartily of an indigestible dinner. He who had conquered nearly all Europe, was himself conquered by a dinner. And thousands have equal cause of complaint. Their brains have been made muddy, and their purpose infirm from their self-indulgence. By fast eating, and fast drinking, and fast driving, a man drives himself to ruin. ' Self-indulgence is the devil's hack.' says the wi&gt; e old proverb. He holds the reins, and fills the panniers with imps, and drives the passengers the steepest road to perdition. Cornaro, the Italian, with a feeble constitution, lived to a great age, owing to his temperate habits. When past ninety he said, 'I mount my horse without assistance; I climb steep hills, and I have lately written a play abounding in innocent wit and humor. When I return from a private company, or the senate, I find eleven grandchildren, whose education, amusement, and songs, are the delight of my old age. I often sing with them, for my voice is now clearer and stronger than it ever was in my youth; and I am a stranger to those peevish and morose humors which fall, so often, to the lot of old age. ' Sir Isaac Newton composed his great' est work when he was eighty five years Of age, and was bright and cheerful as the sun to the end of his long life. He said, 'Temperance has done it all. ' Sir Matthew Hale said, ' I always rise from my table with an appetite; and, for this reason, my appetite is always good. ' Franklin saidi '* I adopted, early in life, a vegetarian diet' and thus L made greater progress, from tha. clearness of head, and quickness of appre hension which generally attend temperance in eating and drinking. The best physicians, ' he said, ' are Dr. Diet, Dr. Quiet^ and Dr. Merryrnan. ' And a famous Trench physician, when dying, with his pupils weeping around him, said, 'Do not weep. There are still left in Fiance three greater physicians than the one you now lose They are Dr. Air, Dr. Exercise, and Dr. Temperance. ' 11. Write it on your heart, that the present day is the best day in the year. One of the illusions is, that the present hour is not the critical, decisive hour. Believe it not. Today does not speak for itself; tomorrow shall hear what it has to say. 'God comes to us without bugle or bell, ' said the wise ancient, whose speech was gold. 'Tis the old secret of the gods, that they come when least expected, and in low disguises. 'Tis the vulgar great who come bedizened with gold and jewels. Real kings are never known; they hide away their crowns in their wardrobes, and effect a plain and poor exterior. In the Norse legend of our ancestors, Odin dwells in a fisher's hut, and patches a boat. In the Hindoo legend, Hari dwells, a peasant among peasants. In the Greek legend, Apollo lodges with the shepherds of Admetus; and Jove likes to rusticate with the Ethiopians. So, in our own history, Je.-us was born in a barn, and his twelve peers were fisherman. 'Tis the very principle in science that Nature shows herself best in leasts. So it is the rule of our poets, in the legends of fairy lore, that the fairies, largest in power, were the least in size. In the Christian graces, humility stands highest of all, in the form of the Madonna; and in lite, this is the secret of the wise. The highest heaven of wisdom is alike near from every point; and we must find it by watching the employment which the present hour brings us. The use of all history and experience is to give importance to the present hour and its duty. It exalts all beings of the present hour- -all men and women. They think more nobly of themselves. 'I knew a man in a certain religious exaltation, ' said Emerson, ' who thought it an honor to wash his own face. He seemed to me more sane than those who hold themselves cheap. ' * Man}7 complain of their want of time. A poor Indian, of the Six Nations, of New York, made a wiser reply than any philosopher, to some one con-plaining that he had not time enough ' Well, ' said Red Jacket; ' I suppose you have all there is ' 12. Do not fret. Nearly every one of vis can think of some tiling that he can easily fret over; and fret he will, unless we call, in the aid of our resolution and our religion, to help us not to repine at what comes to us in the order of God's providence. Fear sits in the window, and howls, and moans; and howl and moan it will, unless we call in the help of some good angel to come and drive it away. ' If this, or that thing had not happened, ' we say,- -'then all would have been right, and we should have had no cause to complain. ' And so we rebel against the Divine Will, and kick against the pricks, every one of which enters deep and deeper into the soul, the harder we strike against them. As long as we feed, and nurse, and pamper our troubles, they will live to torment us. Go where we will, there will always be a skeleton in the house, and a black sheep in the flock. Here is a shred of narrative to the point:- - - -*See Emerson's 'Works and Days, ' for this section.THE MANIFESTO. ' As I was walking among the Downs of England' says a recent traveler, 'I approached a shepherd with a large flock of sheep. I hailed him, and said, ' Good morning, friend, you seem to be out early; and what a fine flock of sheep that is you are driving!' 'Oh, yes,' he replied, 'the flock is all good enough; all thriving and hearty; it costs me but little labor to pasture and fold it; it is all right, all but that black ram, you see yonder. He is never quiet from morning till night, he will not stay with the others ; and he keeps me on my legs the whole day, chasing after him. Look! there he is now- -off like a shot, and taking two thirds of the whole flock after him. I believe Satan possesses that ram!'- -And off he started at his topmost speed, to overtake and secure the recreant sheep, and bring him back again, with the rest of the runaways which had followed him. After much running, sweating, and puffing, he returned, tired out with the race he had had after the ram, and the unruly sheep. 'It may not be half an hour, ' he said ' before I may have to be on my legs again after the ram, and the sheep he takes with him. I wish he was in the shambles, and I could see the last of him, for he is the plague of my life. ' And then he rolled up his shepherd's coat, and sat down on a stone, to wait for another headlong rush for the flock, and another scramble over the Downs. Truly, I thought, every man has a black sheep in his flock. Canaan, N. Y.