A NEW HEAVEN. Out of the material of the old ecclesiastic governmental organizations, a new spiritual religious organization or order will arise, in which truth will be the authority and ruling power, not authority for the truth. A New Heaven that will be transcendently glorious. In that day, God's people will be a willing people. Their belief will be the result of evidence, not of power and authority. The mystery of iniquity will be ended, and the mystery of Godliness finished. From the least to the greatest, all will know and understand what they believe, and why they do or do not, under every command and requirement. The meek, whom Jesus blessed, will inherit the earth, for land will be owned in common. Labor will be in common, food and clothing in common. The separation of the New Heaven from the New Earth will be perfect as the separation between soul and body. Matter being the object of the bodily senses, spiritual matter the object of the psychological or soul senses. A Second Pentecostal Church, iu which, as in the first, will be a baptism of the Holy Christ Spirit, and fire of truth that will bum up the lusts which are the rudiments of the world and of Orthodox Church and State Christendom, Roman, Greek and Protestant sects, with their infidel classes included. Generative lusts will give place to'Celibacy. The people will become Eunuchs for the Kingdom of Heaven's sake- -a circumcision of the heart. Blessed are the pure iu heart, they shall see God in peace ; and not only will they not fight, but they will love their enemies as a physician loves his patients, continually doing them good, no matter how unreasonably they may act towards him personally. The lust of property becomes extinct, when no one says, of aught he possesses, this is mine, that is thine, and each seeks another's wealth, not his own. When, in honor, each prefers his brother, ambition will not exist. Simplicity in dress and plainness of speech will exterminate envy and pride, and he who would be great will be servant to the household of faith. Thus will the foundation stones of the Second Temple be Revelation, Celibacy, Community, Peace, simplicity in dress and language, separation of Church and State, and Religious Spiritualism, like that of Jesus and the Apostles. Inasmuch as in the New Earth, there will be no untimely births, no deaths by disease, want or war, propagation would soon end in over population, consequently the Spiritual Resurrection Order of New Heavens will be cherished by the civil government of the New Earth, as a check or balance wheel to population, as the Jews cherished the Essenes- -as the Romish Church iosters monasteries and nunneries, or enjoins celibacy upon her clergy, forbidding to marry and commanding them to abstain from flesh meat, on all sacred occasions. Therefore the civil governments will justly regard the Millennial Church as the glory of the earth, the friend oi humanity and the safety valve of human existence upon this mundane sphere. Thns will the new heavens and new earth co-exist like the sun and moon, distinct, yet acting and reacting upon each other, while they move independently, yet harmoniously, each in its own sphere. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.