THE MUSIC OF THE SPHERES. No. 2. DANIEL FRASER. Men cannot well '' live on bread alone,'' is as true physiologically as it is spiritually. What a store of richness there is in the apple, rich in itself, in its varieties, and in its- times of ripening. It continues to bless us till the strawberry comes again, the herald of an annual new creation. We are so kindly treated, so abundantly supplied that there is scarcely room for gratitude. Let us make up the deficiency, by imitating the beneficence of Creative Goodness, by being liberal to those who need our aid. Why accumulate when we can grow rich by giving? Are not the needy the treasury of the Loi'd ? Those who invest therein will save themselves many sorrows and dishonors, and open certain doors which are as yet hardly ajar. Let us now cross the wide prairie, a flowery, grassy bed extending to the horizon. Every plant in its place, beautifully distinct, expressions of order, art, harmony, the poetry of creation. Still richer fields and grander creative results await our search. The lowly grasses, presided over by the stately Maize, are before us. A certain astronomer, looking at the starry heavens, thinking of the mighty mechanical and chemical forces in action there, exclaimed, 'When I look at these, and think of the conscious responsibility of man, I am struck with awe.' When I think of the grains of the grasses, elaborated from the dust of the earth, and think of their adaptation to the sustenance of the complex functions of animal life ; that the hairs on our head, and the nerves of the brain, which vibrate with human thought have their needs ; these, and the hard bones and elastic muscles are all provided for in the grains of the grasses. 'All flesh is grass' truly! When I look into this I am filled with amazement ; I clothe my spirit with reverence, and breathe forth my feelings in the eloquence of silence. Animal forms are built up more astonishingly than plants. The latter live and grow by decomposing inorganic matter. The former, by assimilating organic compounds. An animal is a vital chemical laboratory, a self-repairing locomotive ! It is more, it manifests mind. And beneath its wondrously woven skin, are found contrivances and adaptations of the highest order. Pneumatic, hydraulic, optical, and other processes find expression. These are presided over by living chemical energy, ever vigilant not only to control inorganic action, but also to build up all the living tissues, and to carry forth from within the vital organism effete matter ; and to wash away the alkaline salts liberated by the decomposition and assimilation of nutritive compounds. Yea to meet the demands of living animal chemistry, the grains and the grasses are adapted. Every grain of wheat is a little storehouse within which all the elements needful to sustain the human body are found ! In the '' Boston Journal of Chemistry,' the editor exclaims. 'Wheat is a wonderful cereal; ia its composition the evidence of design is $0 apparent, that one must be stupid indeed not to discover it. Every function of our body can be sustained by the wheat berry. The facts brought to view in the study of a grain of wheat, cannot be set aside as a chance combination. ' Even the chemical constitution of the cuticle of the wheat berry is worthy of consideration. Bran is very retentive of moisture, and in dry seasons protects the seed-wheat from being dried up; and when the whole grain is used as food, being retentive of moisture and demulcent, it is a safe-guard against obstruction of the bowels. Hygienic Law, has its foundations in the fitness of created things. The vegetable world is the counterpart of the animal world; they are a duality. The former has been hastily surveyed. The latter now claims our notice. Observe that floating gelatinous disk ; it is almost expressionless ; it is a Radiate. Further up is the Mollusk ; in this order is the oyster and the clam. Each has its habitation and opens and shuts its doors at will. Higher still, is the order of the Articulates. The world teems with interesting beings ; the Bee aud the Ant are there. Teachers of construction, of government, of social economy, of industry, of colonization, of community of goods, and of devotion to the public welfare. The most important human problems are solved by these little creatures. Are not the cattle on a thousand hills also teachers of right living- -of Hygienic Law? As we enter the order of vertebrates, we see, that from the tiny fish of the mountain streamlet to the whales of the ocean, from the humming bird to the eagle, ft om the unobtrusive mole to the stately elephant, and on to man ; Creative Wisdom has stamped all living organisms with an individuality all their own. Man alone assumes to be a per sonality. His body is as essentially animal as the beasts of the field, hence his body is not the personality. Animals are led by their sensations and to a degree think. But a series of thoughts as are involved in a friction match, expressive of a plurality of ideas they are incapable of. They have no history, and their thoughts from age to age remain within the narrow boundaries oi their first progenitors. Man thinks, and the more he does so and gives form to his thoughts, the more he is able to think, and to combine and to materialize his thoughts. With man, his limits of thought widens as he thinks, and his power to materialize them seems only to be limited by his earthly condition. The indications are that man's career on earth is but a small beginning of his future destiny. The steam engine is materialized human thought. It possesses more power a thousand fold, than the animal, who is said to be the person who created it. Hence the personality of man, is manifested essentially in him being a creator, in his ability to control elemental forces, to manipulate them into form and order, causing them to do his will. Thought as manifested by the Creator, is of the same kind as is manifested by man in his creations. To deny the personality of the one, is to deny the personality of the other. That of man, is as invisible as is the personality of his Creator. The former cannot grasp thought, will, and affection in his hand, and say there I am ! Man cannot prove the existence of his personality of his power to think, to control, and to make combinations as aforesaid, but by materializing his thoughts. Neither can we know of the personality of God, nor of his attributes, but by His materializations. 'The invisible things of God, even His Godhead, are clearly seen and known, by the things, that are made.' Love Beneficence and Goodness are over all the works of creation. Herein is the Fatherhood and Motherhood of God. Only those who are loving and beneficent, are their offspring ; whose labors of mind, of body, and spirit, are manifestations of these attributes. Only such can address 'Our Father who art in heaven. ' To imitate the beneficence of the Father, and the affection of the Mother, is to worship God. To deny the invisible personality of man, having his materializations before us, would be insanity. To deny the personality of God, having His many materializations before us, cannot be less so. Mau's are, indeed, but as the fine dust of the balance ; no matter about that; both are the creations of thought. Enter a negation here, and everything above, below, and beyond us, is blank absurdity, and all deductive and inductive results are abortions ; and arbitrary conclusions become as valid as the fittest losic. Without the personality of a beneficent Creator before us, have we any polar star as a guide ? Any standard of perfection to appeal to ? Any Foundation for morals, or for law ? Any test whereby human actions can be verified? Without the Divine Personality, luman force is Law ; and popular clamor God. The argument is now closed. I have lovingly written a long letter; allow me to invite all to retire from con- troversial emotions, and from all feelings of 'Who shall be the greatest,' and enter the temples of our being, with the weighty consideration, that sanity of thought, the moral procedure, progress, and the unfoldment of ' the higher life' of untold millions are involved. ' Laying judgment to the line, and righteousness to the plummet' having the 'weights just and the balance perfect. Let us inhale this atmosphere, conscious of our responsibility, and be prepared to enter the Sanctum- -the Holy of Holies, enshrined in every human spirit; and before the Divine Presence, each draw his own conclusions. As for me, I feel that Presence, and I am learning to lisp ; ' My Father and Mother, who art in Heaven,' help me honestly to pray; ' Thy kingdom come.' The economy of which is, ' Unto this last, even as unto thee, will I give a penny.' Where all are good and pure, Where there's no want, nor crime. Where none are rich or poor; Where none say, 'this is mine. ' A fulfillment of the hopes, desires, and aspirations of the noblest spirits of all ages. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.