A SHAKER'S LOOK INTO THE FUTURE. F. W. EVANS. The first a2&gt;pearing of the Christ Spirit on earth wrought no greater change in the Roman Empire than the second appearing of the same Christ Spirit will effect in what we term Christendom. As then, great leading master minds will inaugurate the change of dispensations now impending. The old Heavens and Earth- -united Church and State- -are fast passing away- -dissolving- -melting with fervent heat- -the fire of Spiritual Truth. Out of the material of the old earthly civil governments, a civil government will arise, is even now arising, in which right, not might, will predominate- -a New Earth. It will be purely secular, a genuine Republic. Men and women will be citizens. All citizens will be freeholders. They will inherit and possess the land by right of birth. War will cease with the end of the old Monarchial theological earth, wherein the King could do no wrong, he ruled by the divine right of Kings. The meek will inherit the earth, and the nations neither learn nor practice war any more. Each man and woman will literally sit under their own vine and fig tree, and none to make them afraid, as violsnce and destruction shall no more be heard or felt in the land. Neither shall any one say, I am sick. The Lord their God shall, by revelation and true science, take all sickness away from the midst of tfce people, who shall walk in the light of the wisdom of the Most High. No doctors, drugs or poisons. The same power, exercised in the first Christian Dispensation, of healing all manner of diseases, and saying, Go and sin no more, physiologically, will be again revealed from the Spirit Spheres, and the same light and power that heals will be amply competent to stamp out all maladies that flesh is now heir unto. The people of God, when God, as father and mother, walks and dwells with them, will leave off contention ere it is begun, and by prevention, forestall all sickness, as they will prevent unch^stity by not thinking nor looking upon a man or woman, to lust after them. The unrighteous man will forsake his ways and the wicked man and woman their evil thoughts. In the New Earth, sexuality will be used only for reproduction, eating for strength, not gluttony ; drinking for thirst, not drunkenness. And property, being the product of honest toil, as those who will not work will not be allowed to eat, will be for the good of all, the young and the old. There will be no more sorrow nor crying, no more pain, no more death, for the people will neither hurt nor harm any sentient being. He that killeth an ox, will be as he that slayeth a man- -a murderer.