RESPECT AND VENERATION DUE FROM YOUTH TO AGE. WILLIAM LEONARD. Whatever name we may give to that indescribable charm which results from the manifestation of due respect and veneration toward both equals and superiors, we know it always wins the love and admiration of all to whom it is shown. We may call it 'good manners,' 'politeness,' or 'veneration,' it matters not what, but we know that whoever would establish the habit of practising it uniformly and impartially to all, must first gain simple goodness of heart,- -true Christian love. When this divine principle once gets possession of the heart, how all-pervading is its influence ! Tlie words, the voice, the actions, the gestures, and the very countenance, are all brought under its refining power, and show forth the genuine source from whence they spring. If any soul is so desolate and unfortunate as to have no one to love,- -if the pure principle of disinterested benevolence has never moved the heart nor shed its vitalizing influence on the spirit- -to such a one I should be at a loss what to say or how to advise. Such a condition is out of the range of my experience, and it seems to me that one so unfortunate is incapable of understanding phrases descriptive of the emotions of divine love. But to those who have truly experienced pure, disinterested love, if for only one single individual, I can speak understandingly. If they have so loved any one as to take real pleasure and satisfaction in doing such an one a kindness, then they can understand my meauiug perfectly. That same principle of love, extended to any other human being, would give them the same pleasure, with a corresponding increase, till it widens the circle of their love and kindness and happiness indescriminately to all within their reach. But as we were talking of good manners, or politeness, we must make this application of love to that subject in particular. If we really posses? this pure Christian benevolence of heart,- -a sincere wish to please, make happy and bless,- -we shall need no dancing-master to show us how to make pleasing motions or gestures-no Chesterfieldian monitor to teach us to bow and scrape and smile and put on pleasing airs. This kind, humane feeling within us, is far better than a dozen outside teachers. The art of pleasing is taught by the desire to please, and that desire springs from love. Let us examine, and we shall find it impossible to behave rudely to those we love and desire to treat respectfully and kindly. To illustrate this, and make it a little more practical, I will relate a circumstance that occurred not long since. The writer having recently moved into a new home, went out to a pump that stood in the yard to get a pitcher of water, the weather being very warm. I saw coming from an opposite direction a youth, who reached the pump in good time to take ,i drink before I got there. As I came up he looked at me with a most benevolent smile, and in a kind and polite manner and tone said, 'You ought to have some ice in your pitcher. ' I auswered, 'Yea, but I have not yet learned how to get at the ice. ' ' Oh, ' said he, 'let me have the pitcher, and I'll get you some.' And taking the pitcher, off he ran, got the ice, and quickly returned, handing it over with a bright countenance and polite manner. Now I observed that every motion, tone and gesture in this little transaction, accorded with the best rules of politeness. They were neither learned, studied or thought of by the youth, but flowed spontaneously from the inward feeling of kindness. This may be considered a small affair, but in my esteem it was great, because it flowed from a great principle. It was an act of disinterested benevolence, in which the enactor never thought of any reward beyond the pleasure he felt in performing it. In proof of this, it may not be amiss to state that I had not purchased his kindness by any act of mine toward him : I was a stranger to him, and did not know his name. I mu?t add here that our lives are, for the most part, made up of a succession of little transactions, and it is the true work of a- benevolent heart to minister gladly to the little wants and accommodations of every day. It is the habitual performance of these little attentions that stamps the character of a more refined benevolence of mind, than that which only occasionally performs some great deed of charity. The latter may flow from pride ; the former must flow from goodness of heart, especially when impartially bestowed on all, as cccasions offer. But I want to say, in regard to the above transaction, that my heart dilated with love for that dear youth while he was performing that act with so much cheerfulness ; and oh! how earnestly did I invoke the influence of the Holy Spirit of Love to teach him to cultivate that kind spirit and manner by extending it to all impartially, at all times, and on all occasions that should come within his reach ! All habits, whether good or bad, have strong charms and great power over us ; and although we are strongly inclined by nature to contract selfish, low, mean habits, yet I have discovered by a thorough experience that good habits, when once established, have quite as powerful charms as bad ones. Besides this, they have the infinite advantage of stamping our actions with the consciousness of moral rectitude, and the sweet approval of our own conscience. I gratefully remember the training of my childhood and youth, in respect to my behavior toward grown people. My uncle who reared me constantly kept several men hired by the year, and he never allowed me to address them by their given names, but respectfully to give them the title of 'Mister,' and answer them by the respectful title of 'Sir.' Although these titles are not necessary to true politeness, yet they become so when custom requires them ; and this was only the starting point of respectful feelings and treatment of youth to grown people. I was not allowed to contradict them, nor to treat them in any manner disrespectfully,- -was required always to do any little kindness which they requested. By this I grew up to feel the respect for grown people which my manners toward them indicated; and this treatment toward them excited their love and kind feeling toward, me in turn. Harvard, Mass. (To be Continued.)