'Greater love hath no man than this- - that a man lay down his life for his friend.'- -John, xv: 13. JOANNA J. KAIME. We often find occasion to commend the moral heroism of that unselfish man or woman who manifests by words or deeds an unswerving fidelity to convictions of truth in the service of friends even though the ban of public criticism might rest lieavily upon such for a time. We could enumerate many of this noble class, who ' made a little lower than the angels'- -and bearing the impress of the 'Divine likeness' have quite removed the stigma of total depravity from the escutcheon of the human family by their noble sacrifices. For hath not God made of one blood all the nations of men ?- -But we sometimes think how much superior that heroism manifested by the man or woman who can so far forget self interests as to speak an unwelcome truth to the same loved and valued friends in a strictly conscientious manner, regardless alike of praise or censure. Can there be in this imperfect world of ours a surer test of friendship ? They only who have felt the intensity of a love which enables them to lay down their own lives in anxious solicitude for the spiritual welfare of others, can know the strength of the trial. A soul thus disciplined and chastened rises superior to the thought of self and trusting the ' Divine Guidance ' drinks from the exhaustless fountain of truth. How beautifully exemplified was the spirit of self-abnegation in the lives of our gospel parents ! or in other words, the early founders of the Shaker Societies and how precious the memory of even the most trifling incidents connected with their wise and loving ministrations ! How unlike the egotism, the thirst for fame, or the love of selfish gain which characterizes modern- -Christianity ( ?) Pioneers were they in a nobler cause than any earthly warrior can boast, for their mission was to wield the sword of spiritual truth against the foe within. They fought to subdue unhallowed appetites and inclinations whether inherited or acquired, and by strict adherence to the Christ life, were made partakers of his resurrection and became Saviors to other souls blest with alike conviction for sin and finally established on a broad and enduring basis, a Community of Interest in its sublimest sense. An interest which embraced the future as we'll as present happiness of souls. This devotion is deemed by their filial posterity as a royal legacy wrought out through sacrifice, and soul consecration . Canterbury, N. H.