JUSTIFICATION BY FAITH. MARION JOHNSON. Tins doctrine which for so many ages, has formed the basis of beliefs, of the so called Christian world, is one which will hardly bear the light of the nineteenth century. As its rays are brought to bear upon it, it shrivels and shrinks away and leaves the soul that has trusted in it without any foundation for their 'faith. The belief that by the shedding of the blood of Jesus, by the cruel death of the cross, and that by our believing in the same we shall be washed from every stain of sin, is a doctrine, from which an unbiased, unprejudiced, untraditionated, mind, would recoil with horror, as unjust and irrational in the extreme ; but it is a belief very soothing and quieting to the carnal nature, this resting upon the merits of another for salvation, and feeling that we have nothing to do only believe ; but, before the light aud brightness of the true teachings of Jesus Christ, this doctrine will be consumed with all other chaff and dross. Some of us who have been educated in, and been covenant members of the Churches where this is considered as the great fundamental point in their religion, have been very tenacious of this tenet, and have said in our hearts, if not with our lips, that nothing should ever shake our faith; but when the light of the true gospel shone in our hearts, we found that we could not trust to the merits of another, but must work out our own salvation with fear and trembling. Justification by faith, which was first preached by Martin Luther and in obedience to which he felt justified in breaking his vows of chastity and purity, and has given free license to his followers ever since to live in the indulgence of their animal natures, is a doctrine which has had numerous followers, who have spread their belief, in some cases at the point of the bayonet. Can this be the religion of the meek and lowly Savior which breathes forth only peace and good will to man, and admits of no wars or fighting, or even unkind feelings towards another? The faith in which we trust, is one which works by love, purifying the heart and overcoming the world. A faith that will cause us to confess and forsake our sins, right all our wrongs, and by a life of self-denial and the cross, travel out from a fallen nature, and find a new and spiritual life. This faith is the gift of God, and without it we cannot please Him, or know in what manner to walk to his acceptance ; but in it we can find our union and relation to God and all holy beings, and feel his love flow into our souls, causing us often to utter our thanksgiving and praise to Him for having called us from the world, and its fleeting and transitory pleasures, into the new and living way, where faith and Avorks agree. ' Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God, through our Lord Jesus Christ. ' Canterbury, N. H.