NOTES Every age bears record of those who have arisen as witnesses of the truth. They may have come upon the earth as the earthquake, as the whirlwind or as the still small voice. They are with us to-day as in the past. They are in the halls of Pharaoh, in the wilderness, and in the streets of the New Jerusalem. They are the messengers of God to stimulate man to action, in the spirit of peace and in the works of righteousness. The servants of God and the disciples of Christ are always looking forward and making themselves ready to accept whatever may lead from a low estate to that which is higher and better, from darkness to light and from Ihe sins of the wrorld to an inheritance in the Kingdom of God. It was an active work upon which the Apostle enteied as a witness for the spirit of truth and to which he gave his whole life. The sacred historian tells us that the eyes of the Apostle were opened and following this he received the message,- -'Thou shalt be his (God's) witness unto all men of what thou hast seen and heard. ' The subsequent life of the Apostle, so full of deeds of self-sacrifice, and so thoroughly absorbed in hi? spiritual work while earnestly contending for the faith gives us the assurance that he was a faithful witness for the life and testimony of Jesus Christ. Other witnesses have arisen among men ; have allowed their light to shine ; have delivered their testimony and passed on to their heavenly reward. The same will be demanded of us when our eyes are opened to see the manifestations of God's work. Not to do less than did the Apostle, but with greater privileges and increased opportunities, we should be expected to accomplish better results. Jesus has assured his disciples of this fact. It was a prophetic revelation. If the present was wonderful and glorious, the futur? inspiration of the Church of God would be more wonderful and, indeed, more glorious. 'He that believeth on me, the works that I do, shall he do also ; and greater works than these shall he do.' This gospel of the kingdom shall be preached to all the world for a witness unto all nations. To believe this, is to live and act agreeably to the spirit of it. To work diligently while our day lasts, lest we be found as were the members of the Church of the Laodiceans, and in this reap a corresponding rebuke. The gospel is good and glorious newsto the seeker after righteousness. It is the power of God to salvation. With this knowledge the demand becomes imperative for those who have been chosen as disciples of the Lord, to 'Let your light shine.' To be benefitted as an individual may afford a degree of satisfaction, but to absorb selfishly the gifts and graces that may be trusted to our especial care would be a very sordid enterprise. Of what use is the spiritual knowledge or the power for good unless the possessor is made an active witness of all that he has seen and heard, and by this means, be able to lead souls on toward God. The Apostle was not at a loss to understand the full force of this. His zeal for the welfare of the church was un- bounded. He had become a witness of the truth of God's word, and from his own declaration, we learn that no obstacle was suffered to hinder him from carrying forward the good work of the cross of Christ. We are witnesses, chosen from among the world, to bear record of the light which has come to us through the revelation of God. Into honest and pure hearts these messages should be received, having in them the spirit, the wisdom, the glory and the assurance of eternal life. Let this admonish us to seek first the Kingdom of God and its righteousness, as a worthy preparation for the gospel work. If there are those Avho make no profession of a higher calling, but choose rather to dwell in the pleasures of sense for a season, and receive to themselves the treasures of their natural inheritance, we have only to say,- -' Verily, they have their reward.' Their spiritual eyes have not, as yet, been opened. Their attention is wholly confined to the things of earth, crude, gross and sensual. That loving and earnest witness who gave messages of Christian kindness to his brethren has left to us this beautiful record,- -'Behold what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us, that we should be called the sons and daughters of God. We also will witness to the truth as did the Apostle, making ourselves rightful heirs to the kingdom and to that glorious inheritance of Sons and Daughters of God.