Correspondence. Robert Aitken, Dear Friend; Your letter of March... Eustis, Orange Co., Florida. Apr. 9 1885. Robert Aitken, Dear Friend ; Your letter of March 17th. was duly received, and I have taken time to consider it, and weigh the arguments contained in it. I am glad to find the commendations you bestow on my statements and the spirit of my inquiries, and that it I can satisfy myself on a few more points I shall be a good Shaker. Perhaps none would be more difficult, you say, for me to see than the necessity tor a life of virgin purity. I must admit, that had it not been for celibacy the order of Shakers would have been overrun with all kinds of libertines, free lovers, and cranks. But this self-denying article of belief has turned aside the tide which would otherwise have overwhelmed them. This much I can plainly see. The Oneida Community lived many years despite their license and libertinism, but it finally succumbed to the inevitable march of events. Your observations on the Spiritual and the moral, and the distinction between the two, I kind of perceive darkly, as I understand it the Spiritual Divine is a state of mental clearness and serenity, the result of inspiration, which is not passive, but active and aggressive. On the other hand the Moral is good, but deficient in Spirit. . As to Spiritualism of the present day, 1 have no faith whatever in it. Judging it by its fruits I should say it was the offspring of lewdness and disease rather than purity and health. I remember the J. P. Greaves you refer to, of Ham Common. If I re- member right he published a paper called 'The Healthian' which I took and read with great profit. As you remark, how little is left of the great Socialistic movement of Robert Owen's time. Many you say joined the Shakers ; many left, but some remain. Still, the seed sown by that great and good mat), has produced fruit in the co-operative societies of the present day in England, which may yet resolve into producing societies, on somewhat the same principle, as Robert Owen advocated, but with perhaps more individual or personal liberty. I take it then that you place Spirituality above mere, morality. In this too I agree, if by spirituality you mean Inspiration. But still we must have morality and the deductions of intellect to guide Spirituality, or it may lead us into grave errors. You say that perhaps you ' do not express the ideas of Shakers generally on this point.' That 'we look at it differently, i. e., the practicability of a new condition of society on any other ground than a virgin life of purity. ' If then this be an open question it may be fairly asked ; What is purity ? Certainly at the present day there is no purity in this respect. But is total abstention from all sexual intercourse the only axiom of purity? Can we not rather kill lust and have love in all its purity ? If Inspiration be all-powerful, cannot that, in conjunction with thorough conviction, be sufficient to effect the object? I speak deferentially on these matters, as I know you must necessarily have had more experience than I on all these subjects. I have never been a Quaker, and am not thoroughly acquainted with their doctrines, but I understand that while they discourage all prudery and false shame, at the same time they suppress all levity in members of either sex, in either words or action. I notice that in the seven fundamental points which you enumerate they somewhat vary from the seven in the ''Brief Exposition*' published in 1879, though not materially. As you will perceive from the address of this letter, I am just now in Florida. I have now been here about sixteen months. If a second Eden is to be established, I think the Shakers, of all sects, are the most likely to carry out the mission, or at least to pioneer it. Where I am located is about midway between the Atlantic Ocean on the East and the Gulf of Mexico on the West. I do not think it the best for spiritual welfare, however it may be for material. In Summer the winds from the Atlantic on the one hand and the Gulf on the other meet about here, and we have too much calm weather. In the absence of a breeze the heat is very oppressive. On the East coast the Ocean breeze sets in every day and keeps down the temperature. There is a Mr. Quinby, a Quaker, who owns a large tract at Aurantia, on Indian River. Indeed, there are several towns, or settlements from Aurantia on the Indian River to Ormond (formerly called Little Britain) on the Halifax. To revert back to celibacy, I think men and women would enjoy each others company and conversation more in a state of celibacy than at present. But I do not see how the population is to be kept up. I have been rather long in replying to your letter, but I have had but little leisure of late. It has not been for want ef interest in the subject, and I have been very deliberate in expressing myself. Sincerely Yours, Joseph Doubavaud.