THE TESTIMONY OF CHRIST'S SECOND APPEARING. GILES B. AVERY. It is the focal light of all the concentrated rays of Divine Illumination that have beamed upon humanities' pathway since the days of Noah ! It is the bun- die of nerves that feels for lost humanity in every^situation, and ministers to his necessities, to a relief from sufferings ! It is the perfect work of righteousness, illustrating in its career the love, mercy and goodness, of our Heavenly Father and Mother. It is a power, ministered by angels, and saints who serve God, that is turning tlio old earth and old heaven orders of the natural man, upside dowu. and, in their stead, building up a new earth, and new heaven?. It is an epistle written in the life character of the children of God, to be seen and read of all men. It opens the lips of humanity to those soul expressions of praise and houor to God, and glory to humanity, that reprove all unrighteousness of language, conduct, or feelings towards a fellow being. It is an iconoclasm that demolishes all the false theologies of human invention that have made a mystery of godliness, in all ages, and among all peoples. It is a surgeon that amputates from the body of Christ every member that is incurably diseased, and probes and cleanses every diseased member who will receive i!s healing ministrations. It is the ' good Samaritan ' physician that ministers to the healiug of the soul, who, wounded with sin, hath fallen by the way-side, and fainting in shame with the loss of spiritual life. If accepted and obeyed, the Christian testimony is a present power of salvation from sin ; hence, from the guilt, condemnation and power of sin. It points out a work to be performed, not merely a faith to be believed, by every follower of the ' Lamb of God ' this work is crucifixion of all those passional elements in the nature of man that lead to sin, by their indulgence. It is a testimony which, obeyed, destroys the old crooked man of sin, makes of man a New Creature, the fit inhabitant of a New Creation, a Paradise in the mansions of our Heavenly Father and Mother; a heavenly inheritance here in time, while waiting the possessions of the brighter world above. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.