MODESTY. ANDREW BARRETT. THERE is no acquirement that men or women can be in possession of that will so fit them for the association of highly cultivated society, as Modest}-. It seems to be the paramount of all acquired abilities while it brings the individual in rapport with all classes of minds. To be modest in our daily performance of duty and connection with society we need not great knowledge of Rhetoric, or deep insight into the many languages. Our intellectual powers may be great, but what advantage to society without the crowning 'race of Modesty. True modesty will always present chastity of feeling and spirit. It is an elevating faculty that holds the individual above low and demeaning practices. It depends not on the fine coat or silk dress for one to be in possession of this virtue. We find it in the cottage of the humble toiler as plentiful as in the gorgeous mansion of the millionaire. To be modest is to follow out the conscientious principles of right God has implanted in the soul. The principles of truth and purity are always crowned with Modesty as the outgrowth of those cardinal principles, and it is to them what the perlume is to the Rose. The perfume is not the Rose but a\ hen we find the true rose it is not complete without the sweetest aroma. So with the man or woman who has built their character upon honest principles. With them Modesty will have great influence. Their very being will speak forth refinement in all conditions of life. In the social circle there will be a carefulness to breathe forth purity of spirit and feeling. And never through the slightest insinuation, feeling cr look be willing to let it be known that an impure thought be ready to have utterance. How much depends upon true government of the thoughts. How many wrong actions have been checked by expelling the first thought. Kill the Lion while he is a whelp is more easily done than wait until full grown. One of the highest characteristics of manhood is in puiity of speech. Nothing will send a man or woman's character so far below par as improper conversation. An ob~cene story, a filthy joke, a questionable word or gesture, a sentence that would make a pure, modest person blush for shame in any company is a blot or stain on any one's character. An obscene story is next to obscene actions. A filthy joke as wrong as a filthy deed. He or she who has impure lips and indulges in impure speech is a disgrace and corrupter of the morals of the young. All these points will be shunned by a modest person. An impure mind feels but little necessity for modest behavior, for out of the abundance of the heart, issues forth our life deeds. Harvard, Mass.