THE BIBLE. How imbedded in the history of the centuries has been the idea that the Bible is the word of God ; that it was His inspired utterance to man through man, and was to be accepted entirely, Avithout adding to or taking from, as the guide and infallible law of humanity in its duty to the Father of all. If this view were true, to what should we be led in this age of light and of unfettered thought? Surely, into the blindness and bigotry of the past, into its errors, its crimes, its wars, its light regard for human life, and its lack of ' that most excellent gift of charity.' The advocates of religious wars, persecutions for conscience sake, the taking of human life in punishment for crime, polygamy, human slavery, the use of perhaps the greatest bane of the age, alcoholic drink, usury, and numerous other wrongs, all go to that source and say, that there they find authority for all. Is it to be wondered at that respect and regard and love for the Bible have decreased as the years have passed? When leading thinkers in the world's history have held this book up as the actual and infallible word of God and have said, ' in it we are told that eternal torture is sure for the unrepentant sinner, that some are born for glory eternal and some for punishment eternal, and therefore the doctrine should not be questioned ; ' what becomes of the attributes of love and justice in the character of the Creator? The writer was educated in the old theological idea of the sacredness of the Bible, but has lived to see some ' old things pass away ,' and to accept the estimate of one of the advanced men of the age about this book as nearly correct. He gays, ' I have lost my traditional and educational notions of the holiness of the Bible ; but I have gained greatly, I think in my estimation of it. As a divine book I never could understand it; a sa human composition, I can fathom it to the bottom. Whosoever receives it as his master will necessarily be in bondage to it; but he who makes it his servant, under the guidance of truth, will find it truly serviceable. It must be examined, criticised, accepted or rejected, like any other book, without fear and without favor. Whatever excellence there is in it will be fire-proof; and if any portion of it be obsolete or spurious, let that portion be treated accordingly. I am fully aware how grievously the priesthood have perverted the Bible, and wielded it both as an instrument of spiritual despotism and in opposition to the sacred cause of humanity. Still, to no other volume do I turn with so much interest; no other do I consult or refer to so frequently ; to no other am [ so indebted for light and strength ; no other is so identified with the growth of human freedom and progress ; and it embodies an amount of excellence so great as to make it, in my estimation, the Book of Books. ' If we accept it in this spirit it will surely do us good ; if we accept it in the blind old way, it will as surely do us harm. 'Prove all things, and hold fast to that which is good.' A. Canterbury, N. H.