MODERN CIVILIZATION. MARTHA J. ANDERSON. Through the various organic changes we pass, in process of evolution to higher degrees of perfective development, nature invariably adapts the wants of the physical system to the ability of acquirement. As muscular vigor deteriorates in consequence of oft repeated violations of nature's laws, and, because of increased mental activity ; we find all difficulties surmounted in the realization of the fact that mind is superior to matter, and brain rules over muscle, as is practically demonstrated in the wonder-working realm of inventive genius ; from whose workshops come all the nicely wrought, and marvelously planned appliances, that are designed to lighten and lessen the heavy labors of life. Still we toil and grow weary ; continually exhausting the vital forces, that we4may maintain a certain standard of civilization, with all its complications, superfluities and extravagances. If the ascetical does not balance the esthetical ideas of society, the needless will supersede the useful; and all beauty that has not a foundation in use, soon grows distasteful, and needs continual replacement with something new. By wrong thinking and wrong living, the tastes of the people become vitiated ; and, catering to those tastes in every department of manufacture and production, there is created and fostered among all classes, a spirit of competition and rivalry, in dress, equipage, fine houses, and epicurean pleasures. 'The lust of the flesh, the hist of the eye, and the pride of life,' rule society at large, and form the triple chain of the soul's enslavement to the world. A bondage stronger than the yoke of the Egyptians, or the manacles of the slave. ' True to nature' is an axiom unknown to modern life. We seem to have so much to diminish care and make work a blessing, and yet we are not as comfortable or contented as our forefathers, who in the rude simplicity of their time had less of everything but health to enjoy, and who, in possession of that inestimable blessing, held the secret of happiness and sweet unruffled peace. In the line of correspondency and improvement there seems to be no stopping place. As the mental faculties are quickened, the heart feels the impulse and the hands act in unison, these form a three-fold power, strong for action ; but this combined force turned to the external alone, absorbs the whole being in earthliness, and needlessly drains the vital force. To continually create creature-comforts for the sake of hoarding up beyond present needs, or a just provision for those who shall succeed us in our labors, seems to rob the soul of the greater blessing of striving for the acquisition of mental and spiritual wealth, and hence the triune forces of our being are not balanced into harmonious activity. It seems necessary therefore, if we would enjoy a healthful and happy existence, that we would justly consider our manner of living, in reference not to our wants, but to our needs, as the poet truly remarks. 'Man's rich with little were his judgment true, Nature is frugal, and her wants are few, [lights, Those few wants answered bring sincere deBut fools create themselves new appetites.' Let us live as sentient thinking beings should live, ' using the things of this world as not abusing them.' Making our bodies fit temples for the Holy Spirit, and keeping our homes, sweet, clean, plain, and attractive. Ever remembering that above all riches are the treasures of immortal truth, garnered in the realm of spirit; and above all ornament and glory is the beauty of heavenly virtue. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.