In Memory of Eldress Anna Ervin. BY THOMAS STROUD. Not often do we assemble on an occasion like this with unmingled satisfaction. Yet the present is one which admits of no sad reflections. Full of years and honors our beloved Mother has calmly stepped into the hereafter, leaving a, life and example over which we may look with hardly a regret. For more than three quarters of a century she has been on holy ground. Was the first young child taken into this Society to be trained in the Gospel life. Being docile and intelligent she readily received a planting in the faith. Having become convicted of sin at an early age she received a baptism of the spirit by repentance and striving to make straight her paths. The true faith of the Gospel dawned on her young mind, and was received in a receptive and fertile soil. She saw that not only was ordinary morality necessary to become a true child of God, but gained by labor a deep spiritual understanding. To become redeemed from the nature of the loss under which every child of Adam and Eve is created was her real life work. She perceived that a life of Virgin purity and Christian community could alone enable souls to work out their redemption, that in this relation the woman by cross-bearing becomes the equal of the man, and instead of being a slave, becomes a great power in the ultimate redemption of mankind. Her mind being of a progressive type, she received with much interest, and readily accepted on due reflection, all the progressive developments of spiritual light and understanding which have so abundantly been bestowed on the chosen people of God. While such was the real inward life of her soul, she was very capable in temporal business, and during the period of sixty years filled every office of trust among Believers ; at the time of her decease she held the office of Trustee. She was able and willing to stand anywhere in society as her lead required, being meekly resigned to whatever lot was chosen for her. Thus adorned with simplicity, purity and resignation her life has been a blessing to herself, and to all who came within her influence. Her life example has been given to show that to build up the spiritual temple of God, the Virgin prophetic church of the ages, it is needful to support the order of God, and that while doing this, souls may become redeemed from the earth, living stones in the house of God. Enfield, Conn.