BUSRO, NO. 4. SAMUEL S. MCCLELLAND. This was to be our last night out. The next morning all were preparing quite early and the trumpet was sounded for a general move. At ten o'clock A. M. Nov. 10th, we arrived at the Village where we were cordially received by all the Brethren and Sisters. For several days many of the company were entertained in the meeting house. As soon as convenient a home was found for each one. In this case every family received an accession in numbers and were glad of the opportunity to be able to render this assistance. From the exposure and fatigue that was borne while on this journey, several, of the company were subjected to chills and fevers which terminated only with their lives. We will now return to Eed Banks and keep company with those who are to make the journey in boats. On the 11th. of Oct. with a fair wind and a good sail, well rigged we pushed off from the shore into the Ohio river. We had thirty-fix passengers on board and on that first day made twenty-four miles. The next day by hard work at the poles we made only fifteen miles. On the 14th. a heavy rain obliged us to remain on shore. Our next move was a distance of ten miles, but even this proved very disagreeable to walk the running boards of a keel boat all day. On the 16th. we moved along slowly but safely. On the 17th. we had more or less difficulty by running on logs that were concealed under water, but received no injury. We pushed on fifteen miles and then went on shore late in the afternoon and encamped among the rocks. Some of our company are still afflicted with chills and fever, but bear their sufferings with great patience. We moved along carefully making each day a distance of about fourteen miles. With the catching of some fish and the killing of five wild turkeys we considered ourselves amply supplied with provision for a few meals. On the 22nd. we overtook a boat managed by a company of rough men. They did not intend to let us pass. For a while we lagged behind them but this proving unpleasant we attempted to cross the river that we might push on ahead. So soon as they discovered what we were about, they pushed after us. One of the Brethren in attempting to keep their boat from us, fell overboard. He was soon on the boat again, and after the exchange of a few boatman's compliments we pushed off and saw them no more. On this day we sailed twenty-three miles. On the 24th. we encamped just below the Falls, where we rest till the 26th. when we unloaded the boat and hauled all our goods up the river to a place where we could again carry them on board of the boat. It was a very laborious job and we became much fatigued. A heavy rain obliged us to stop in Jeffersonville during the day. Fortunately we found a boat and some goods at this place which we left here in 1811 while on our way to Busro. We loaded the boat and then took a receipt for all we left. On the 31st. of Oct. we made twenty-seven miles which was our best record for travel up to this date. The next day Nathan Pegg and Wm. Price were sent on foot to Union Village. We now encamped at Big bone creek, twenty-seven miles below Cincinnati. We reached the latter place on the 3rd. of Nov. here we met Elder Issachar Bates and Nathan Sharp from Union Village who kept us company the remainder of the journey. As this was our last landing place we unloaded the boat and stored our property and then commenced our journey to the Village, on foot. Our first walk was only a distance of three miles. At night we had excellent accommodations in a large and beautiful house We had the most severe rain storm in the night that we had experienced since leaving Busro. In the morning the roads were muddy but we walked all day as best we could. As night came upon us we obtained some hickory wood for torches and marched on, reaching Union Village at eight o'clock in the evening of Nov. 5, 1812 where our friends received us with every manifestation of kindness. That night we lay down to rest, thankful that we had found an asylum of peace, away from the tumult of war. Not less than six persons died during the winter of 1813 and several are still confined with a fever. On the approach of Spring the Brethren found employment on the farm and in the shops, while the Sisters were engaged in duties about the house. In August such favorable tidings were received from the War department, that the question arose about returning to Busro. The Indians had sued for peace and the prospect was very encouraging. On the 4th of October John Hancock returned to Busro, and called on his way at South Union. On the 18th. of the same month John Edgington and Daniel Redman went on horsehack. On the 25th. four Brethren with a horse and an ox team left for Busro. In 1814 preparations were in progress with the expectation of moving to the home in Indiana. On the 3rd. of Feb. six Brethren and four Sisters moved to Busro. March 12th. thirty Brethren and seven Sisters left Union Village for their western home. A part of this company traveled on horseback, the others went in a boat. Ten others went on the 22nd. of March. This last company had been to Pittsburg to make some purchases, and then sailed from Cincinnati. They landed at Louisville to unload some freight that was billed to that place. They write, We had a keel boat and a ft,, t bottomed boat. After leaving Louisville the keel boat pushed on, leaving the larger boat with two hands to come as best they could. We experienced some severe March gales, but set down to our oars and pulled for the mouth of the Wabash. On the first of April we landed at the old camping ground, above Red Banks. On the morning of the 4th. everything was covered with snow. At twelve o'cIock on the 15th. we reached the mouth of Busro. Leaving a guard for the boats the others of the company walked home. The next day the goods were hauled from the boat which ends this journey. The Brethren that had been in Busro during the winter were employed most of the time in preparing the fields for the plow, hauling rails, making and repairing fences. We all felt thankful that we had landed safely on our own possessions, where, the Lord willing, we expect to remain thrdugh life. Wm. Davis went to Union Village on the 29th. of May and returned with the cattle. On the 12th. of July another boat load of goods arrived from Union Village. On the 21st another company of Brethren and Sisters arrived having been on the journey eighteen days. The people were generally well after so fatiguing a march, but this was not to be of long continuance. Several of our people were taken with chills and fever and no medical applications seemed to relieve them. During the Summer season several persons were called from this to another life much to our sorrow and a great loss to the Community. In 1815 the Brethren were busy in making repairs and in piitting up new buildings for the better accommodation of the people. A mill was built and a reservoir made to hold a good supply of water. A large number of persons were confined with fever, which served to cast a gloom over the minds of many through fear of its continuation. A dwelling was built in 1816 under the direction of Joseph Lockwood. The building was forty feet square and seventy feet high to the ridge beam. In July we harvested ninety-five acres of wheat and thirty-five acres of rye. On the 8th. of July, 1817, Father David, Elder Solomon, James Hodge, Mother Ruth and Eldress Hortensy arrived in eight days from Union Village. This company returned on the 11th. of August. We passed a mild winter in 1818 but with the spring came cold and violent winds and also much sickness. At one time only seven persons were left without an attack of the fever. We enjoyed a remarkably mild winter in 1819. Showers were not uncommon accompanied with thunder and lightening, and during the month of Feb. the grass grew from two to four inches, so that all anticipated an early spring. In this, however, we were to be disappointed. On the 4th. of Mar. the snow fell to the depth of eight inches and the cold so increased that from the 4th. of Mar. to the 4th. of Apr. but little work was done on the farm. This gave a late spring after so mild a winter. On the 7th. of May a fearful tornado passed a short distance South west from our Village. Everything in its path was swept to the ground. One of our barns, sixty-five feet long and twenty-eight feet wide was hurled twelve rods from its foundation and broken in pieces. We saved the timbers as well as we could and after adding some new pieces, rebuilt the barn On the 15th. of Aug. this building now finished was struck by lightening and considerably damaged. On the 9th. of Feb. 1820 we were visited by a company of evil minded persons. They stole from us some irons which they found in the blacksmith shop, and they cut twenty-seven yards of linen from the loom. They also attempted the burning of our buildings, but the fire was discovered before much harm had, been done. The building\&gt;f a brick dwelling 50x44 ft. was the first business of the Spring of 1821. The bricks were burned at the Village and all the work on the building was done by the Brethren. A mill for washing clothes was built and accidentally, its first motion broke two fingers on the left hand of one of the Sisters. The Society was visited with a great deal 'f sickness this year and several of our members were taken from us. (TO BE CONTINUED.)