PROFIT and LOSS. MARION JOHNSON. 'What shall it profit a man if he shall gain the whole world and lose his own soul?' Matt, xvi : 26. A question of such vital importance as this, and fraught with such serious and momentous consequences to the whole human race, should commend itself to the earnest and prayerful consideration of every soul. It is a question which, while it admits of no parrying or evasion, could not fail to reach the heart and find a lodgment therein, unless the incrustations of selfishness and worldliness were so deep and profound, that it failed to pierce their gloom. It breathes forth from the sacred pages as a warning voice, admonishing us of the danger of seeking to amass wealth to ourselves, while we neglect to gain the true riches. It comes reverberating down the dim shadowy aisles of human progress, from mysticism, ignorance and superstition, into the radiant light of the nineteenth century, which dispels all those delusions and phantoms of past ages, and with a demanding voice appeals to the inner consciousness of every heart. 'What shall it profit?' On the practical answer to this question may depend our weal or woe through the endless ages of eternity. Though we were able to accumulate riches until our possessions were countless ; and though we might exceed in honor and fame all that had ever preceded us ; or drink so deeply of the cup of earthly enjoyments that we were sated and no longer found pleasure in them ; yet in all these we should find nothing to support and nourish the immortal soul; no abiding and imperishable treasure securely laid up in the heavens; no crown of glory which awaits only those who have overcome the elements of the world in themselves, and have counted all its treasures as but vanity and dross, for the excellency of the durable riches of righteousness. We may spend a long life in gathering and storing up the perishable riches, and find when we have finished our earthly course and passed to the spirit land, that we are poor and destitute. How much wiser, then, would be our course in laboring for and garnering up those spiritual treasures which are infinitely more important; for we are told in the Scriptures that ' where our treasure is there will our hearts be also. ' In the eager, hot pursuit for gain, how often is it the case that honor and justice, honesty and integrity, noble im- pulses, all benevolent and compassionate feelings for the woes and miseries of others, are stifled and swallowed up; leaving the mind so warped and distorted by the unhallowed greed for gold, that all the kindlier emotions of the heart seem dormant and lifeless. Contrast with this picture the lives of those who are striving ever to live in an element of love and kindness ; and holding to the Apostolic order of a united interest, and the Christ principle of loving our neighbor as ourselves, seeking only their best good regardless of selfish gain or aggrandizement; consecrating all earthly possessions to the service of God, and only seeking to know and do His will., This is the profession that we as a Christian church make, and let us earnestly endeavor to live faithfully up to the standard, that we may attain unto salvation and peace, power to overcome the world, ' Even as I also, overcame and am set down with my Father in His throne.' Canterbury, N.