THE FRUITS OF THE SPIRIT. JOSEPH 'WOODS. The Apostle Paul said, ' If any man have not the spirit of Christ he is none of his. ' ' Every good tree' said Jesus, ' bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit. Ye shall know them by their fruits. ' Paul in writing to the Galatians, after enumerating the works of the flesh, and declaring that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God, informs us that the fruits of the Spirit are Love, Peace, Long-suffering, Gentleness, Goodness, Faith, Meekness and Temperance. Love. God is Love. The apostle John says, 'He that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God, whom he hath not seen? We know that we are passed from death unto life, because we love the brethren.' Jesus said, Love your enemies; bless them that curse you ; do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you. The joy of the true Christian is such as no earthly joy can bear any comparison, as worldly joys are momentary fleeting and perishable. While an individual consecrated to God soul and body possesses that joy, satisfaction and true happiness which has no end ; knowing that he has in heaven an enduring substance, far better than the whole world can give. Jesus for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God. The Psalmist, 'Thou wilt show me the path of life ; in thy presence is fullness of joy and at thy right hand are pleasures forevermore.' Peace. Paul said, Follow peace with all men, and holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord. Jesus said, 'Blessed are the Peacemakers. My peace I leave with you ; my peace I give unto you. ' The soul that follows peace with all men, that has made its peace with God, by confessing and forsaking every known sin, is sure of the blessing promised the peacemaker. To all such souls the gospel is sown in Peace. Long-suffering. Paul says, Charity suffereth long and is kind. Rejoice that ye are made partakers of the sufferings of Christ. Jesus said, 'If any man come to me and hate not his father and mother and wife and children, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple. ' He should hate the carnal, worldly, generative life in his relations, and forsake it in himself, in thought, word and deed. Let the wicked forsake his ways and the unrighteous man his thoughts. Jesus said, whosoever he be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple. This is the condition of such as bring Ibrth tha fruits of the spirit. Gentleness. One of the apostles said, the servant of the Lord must not strive, but be gentle unto all men, patient, apt to teach. To always keep a calm, peaceable spirit when circumstances seem to place you where there is a boisterotas opposing element or spirit of evil, is evidence that the fruit is good. Goodness. 'My people shall be satisfied with my goodness, saith the Lord. ' Unless any people or individual render obedience to the will of God as made known to them daily, they do not possess the goodness of God, are not fruit-bearers. Faith. Faith is the gift of God ; it comes by hearing it is the substance of things hoped for. Blessed are those that hear the word of God and keep it. By faith we are saved through the grace of Jesus Christ, that bringeth salvation, teaching us that denying ungodliness and worldly lust we should live soberly, righteously and godly in this present world. Meekness. Jesus said Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the earth. Take my yoke upon you and learn of me, for I am meek and lowly, in complete submission to the will of God, he was mild, unassuming. Temperance. The apostle Paul reasoned with Felix concerning righteousness, temperance and a judgment to come. The apostle Peter exhorts to add to knowledge and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity. For if these things be in you and abound they make you that ye be neither barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. Canterbury, N. H.