INSPIRATION. ELVAH F. COLLINS. Inspiration, is the main-spring of life in the soul, which directs the outcome of all its thoughts, feelings and actions. As the nature of man is twofold, so also, his inspirations direct the impulses of his life and character, under these dual influences. When yielding to the divine, he is supplied with inspirations from higher powers, which, diffused throughout his being, prompt to lofty aspirations of mind, beneficence of heart, and determinations for further progression in a spiritual life ; while on the other hand, when the impulses of the lower nature assert their right, and claim the powers of mind and body in yielding servitude, he again draws an inspiration beyond and below himself, which strengthens the momentary desire, and blinds his eyes to all that is nobler and better for the time being, after which the higher return, to chasten and reprove, and through the chastening to render an atonement. As these dual elements, created to properly balance each other, have become so unbalanced, (the lower sinking the scales lower, and the higher rising, from its lack of proportionate weight,) it becomes apparent to all that the efforts must be strongly directed to create and sustain the spiritual that it may at least balance the opposite, if it may not bear down the scales with au overbalancing degree. To do this, one must study their inspirations, heeding those which come from above, and repelling foreign influences which seek to degrade. While we as individuals have a certain amount of power to control and direct our course in time, to originate and plan for our own or others benefit or harm, yet, the great sum of life is largely made up from the combined influences and action of the mortal and immortal. As the vail between the two worlds has been growing thinner since the inmates of both have held closer communion together, and as the doors and gates between have so often been left ajar the spirit world thus closely connected with ours, has brought a heavy strain to bear upon the mortal mind, for immortals, having the advantage of a clearer vision, over those in the form, are enabled to read our motives and intentions far more easily than we can discern between the good and the vile, who through easy access roam this world today, on missions of love or hatred. Therefore, how much we need to be educated in the science of Spiritualism, (or Spiritism,) to enable us to discern from which class to draw our inspirations. Spiritualism, in the hands of the ignorant is a deadly poison ; as such are easily deceived by wrong teaching, and led forth under a false inspiration, to teach the world of their mission. They are like ships foundered at sea, finally driven ashore by the merciless winds and waves, as mere wrecks of humanity. As are our hearts and lives, so will the fountain of desire gush forth to meet its kindred waters from streams whose source is in the land of souls. The wary, or spiritually gifted, can alone test these waters, ere they partake of them. Wisdom and understanding are the two great essentials to life, on either side the vail between the two worlds. Watervliet, N. Y.