THE LOVE OF GOD. AMELIA TAIT. As we turn to the pages of the New Testament, and read the glowing words of the Apostles, expressive of the wonderful love of God, a love stronger than death, a love that casteth out all fear ; we realize our inability to comprehend with our finite minds, the height and depth of the love of God which passeth knowledge. This love is vitalizing, ever growing deeper, purer, and more fervent. What a peaceful assurance pervades the soul that is in full possession of this love, how calm the spirit how divine the joy that springs from a confidence that our spirits are united to the spirit of God, by a living faith and loving trust in all His promises. Such love can alone express the deep aud holy meaning of those sublime words, uttered by the Savior, to the mourners in Bethany, whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die ; but this redeeming love aud tender mercy of God, is too often used as a covert for low aims and unworthy purposes, without fathoming its deep and vast significance, or remembering that justice is also a part of love. What a blessed change does this love produce in the hearts and lives of those who have felt its renewing effects wrought within by the spirit of truth, ever urging onward aud upward to a full and complete consecration of the whole life to God, keeping our hearts open to the reception of divine influences drawing out in the fervency of our spirits, prayer for the salvation of those who know not God. And may we who have been brought to a knowledge of this marvelous love, ever prove true to its teaching ; realizing its uplifting power, elevating us above all worldly and selfish aims and purposes, cutting loose and separating from the soul, all that would defile or in any way bring bondage, for where the spirit of the Lord is there is liberty, and where this love is the ruling motive in the heart, every thought and action will be brought into obedience to it. God's promises will never fail, To those who trust and patient wait. And in the end are sure to find His loving kindness, O, how great! Canterbury, N. 11.