THE MORMON CHURCH. LOUIS BASTING. The strange spectacle is witnessed to day to see the most liberal government in the world compelled to interfere with the practices of a religious sect. It must be remembered that the warfare of the U. S. Government against the Mormons of Utah is not directed against any article of faith or belief held by them, but against the practice of polygamy. Bigamy or polygamy, is considered to be a crime in every state of the Union ; and it is punished as such, not from any religious or moral consideration, but for social and political reasons. There must be but one law for all; if polygamy is a criminal offence in New York, then it is one in Utah, and the authorities are only doing their duty in suppressing it. When Mormonism first attracted public attention, polygamy was not one of its doctrines ; even as late as 1849, its missionaries in Europe, when called upon to explain the rumors of polygamous practices which had travelled across the Atlantic, utterly denied their truth and charged them to the hatred and malignity of their enemies. It was not till 1853 that the 'revelation ' authorizing polygamy, claimed to have been given to Joseph Smith ten years before (who was murdered in 1847) was published. It is interesting to observe the shrewdness with which the declaration of Jesus that there is no marrying in heaven is made to harmonize with this new revelation. There is, they say, indeed no marriage in heaven ; marriage is contracted on earth, with this difference ; marriages contracted in the ordinary manner are for this life only ; when the parties thereto enter spirit-life they become '' angels of heaven who neither marry nor are given in marriage, ' they become ministering servants to the gods. The gods are they who have married according to the law of the new revelation ; such marriages are for time and eternity, and the more numerous the wives and posterity are, the greater will be the exaltation in heaven. Such teachings were not heard of in the early days of Mormonism. The claims made for the new faith were that it was Christianity restored, the visions of by gone ages being again vouchsafed to man ; angels had descended to earth ; a great prophet had arisen preaching the gospel of the last days; gifts of prophecy, of healing, the working of miracles, were now as in the days of the Apostles, witnesses to the power of God. The lost tribes of Israel were to return to Zion ; grace, pardon and everlasting bliss promised freely to all who would repent and be baptized into the new covenant. Their preachers spoke with a fiery earnestness that carried conviction with it. The gift of tongues, visions, trances