A CRY FOR PURER WORDS I have always believed the power of good was stronger than evil in the world, and that the profanation of purity because of the over-weighing power of virtue must cease to exist. My doctrine, which blossomed encouragingly, fruits slowly and in my weaker moments I grow discouraged in regard to the harvest of our generation. That God blesses every effort for good, I am morally and spiritually swre; and that we, God's handmen and hand women, are insufficient in our endeavors to crush out bad customs and foster purity, I am just as conscientiously certain, The labor is great, never ending, and disheartening; our measure of strength slight, and we fold our hands, vainly thinking the right will prevail; that we must not be so sensitive and particular; that we can surely endure the jars of wickedness for a few years until we are called to the saintly rest beyond their sound. ' There will be no swearing or drunkenness in Heaven, ' we attempt to console our conscience by whispering, and that our voice would have no influence at any rate, and it is better to leave things to take their course. But it is this spirit of sufferance and inactivity that is demoralizing our nation, and allowing evil the upper hand, until in some of our boroughs and traveled ways a person can scarcely walk a hundred yards without hearing men, boys and even babies exchanging oaths. Intemperance is the root of profanity, but the branches overshadow even more than the root. The babies learn to swear before they are taught to drink. Country reared people, who have at least breathed pure air and been accustomed to sweeter sounds and silence, can scarcely reconcile their ears to the jargon of oaths. If there are no active measures taken to hush profanity on the streets, should there not, at least, be rules of discipline adopted to prevent the use of such language in our public schools and institutes of learning? The presence of a few foul-mouthed pupils who are unrestrained in a school of two or three hundred boys, have a demoralizing effect on the weak, and make it gratingly unpleasant for those of finer moral taste. We are progressing as a people in many regards, and while the good grows, can we not in a measure choke out the weeds? Mental development is grand, good and needful. 'Education makes the man.' Why must the finer spiritual senses be subject to such blunts and jars to acquire it? The work of temperance is the great initial movement, but while we dig at the root let us not lose sight of the branches. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union of Pennsylvania has in circulation a petition asking the enactment of a law requiring scientific temperance instruction in our public schools. Michigan, Vermont and New Hampshire, through their respective legislatures have adopted this wise and promising law. While laboring for its advancement in other states can we not lower the voice of profanity? Mrs. S. L. Oberholtzer, in Phrenological Journal.