SANITARY SALT AS DESTROYER OF THE TEETH At a recent meeting of the New York Odontological Society, Dr. E. Parmly Brown said : I will venture the assertion that the excessive use of common salt is one of the main factors in the destruction of human teeth to-day. I am now engaged in collecting some statistics on this point, from which I hope in time to demonstrate, what seems to me to be the fact, that common salt excessively used is a great solvent of the human teeth. If it will injure the human teeth through the chemistry of our systems in some way or other that I will not try to explain to-night, why might it not also have the effect of preventing a good development of the teeth when taken into the system in excess? I have lately procured some statistics from the Sandwich Islands, from a gentleman who has been there, covering a period of over forty years, that are very suggestive and interesting. Within that period the teeth of the Sandwich Islanders have decayed rapidly, and since they have begun to decay it has been noticed that the natives are in the habit of biting off great chunks of salt and eating it with their food. According to all accounts, the teeth of the Sandwich Islanders were formerly the most free from decay of any people on the face of the earth, if I remember rightly. You will find that people who eat a great deal of sugar are often entirely toothless. I know several instances of candy storekeepers where three generations are entirely toothless. People who eat an excessive amount of salt are tempted to eat large quantities of candy, pickles, and vinegar. There seems to be a craving for those substances after the excessive use of salt. Scientific American. FRUIT-EATERS NEED NO DOCTORS We were struck recently by the remarks of a doctor friend of ours, who said no one thing will do so much to make people inde- pendent of the medical profession as the daily free use of fruit. He had noticed that those farmers in whose families fruit was regularly and largely consumed, seldom needed his services. 'We thought what a pity that every farmer in the land could not be convinced of these truths. It is a deplorable fact that fanners' families do not enjoy thav; robust health'that country air and out-door life, with plenty of exercise, should give. It is also a fact that, living on farms whose rich acres are aching to produce abundant crops of the varied fruits, but very few have plenty, and many never have any fruit, ex cept it may be an occasional apple. The standard food in a majority of farmers' houses consists largely of bread, butter and meat, mostly pork fried in grease, and, where pastry or cake is used, it has lard in large proportion in its composition; and this food is eaten at least twice, and in many families, three times a day, year in and year out. Is it any wonder that they are not more healthy, and that their prevailing diseases are such as indicate an over-consumption of greasy food? If fruits were expensive or difficult to raise, there would be some excuse; but there is no part of the country without plenty of varieties adapted to its soil and climate, and just such as are fitted by nature to both nourish and cleanse the body, and no more skill is required to grow them than to grow corn and wheat. Rural New Yorker.