BOOKS AND PAPERS Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Hall's Journal of Health Herald of Health Look Within for Five Thousand Facts That Everybody Wants to Know The Phrenological Journal and Science or Health. October, Contents: Michel Eugene Chevreul; Baby Faces or a study in Psychology, with Illustrations; Johnson and Boswell on Liberty; Samuel Irenams Prime, D. D. Liberty Overmuch ; Notes from a Teacher's Diary; The scenery of the Canyons; Ready for a Divorce; Localization of the Functions of the Brain; Stimulants and Narcotics; Hot Water in Cholera; Signs of Health and Debility; The Two Doctors; Notes in Science, Wisdom, Mirth, etc., etc. Fowler and Wells Co. 753 Broadway, N. Y. Terms $1 per year. Hall's Journal of Health. September, Contents : Erysipelas; Toads as a Tonic; The air anii the Telescope; Carbolic Acid; Asthma; Fever and Ague; Tomatoes as Food; Sunstroke; Dietary for the Diabetic; Eating in the Cars; The Mind; Exercise; Poisoning Children; Checked Perspiration etc., etc. Office 75 and 77 Barclay St. N. Y. Terms $1 per year. The Herald of Health. October, Contents : How the memory may be strengthened; Nervous Exhaustion; Measures of Vital Tenacity; The Mind Cure; Life; Health Habits; A remedy for Damp Cellars; A New Disease; Studies in Hygiene for Women; etc., etc. M. L. Holbrook, 13 and 15 Laight St. N. Y. Terms $1 a year. We have just received from the enterprising publishers A. II. Andrews &amp; Co. a most useful little volume, suggestively called ' Look Within for Five Thousand Facts that Everybody Wants to Know. ' it contains 75 pages of condensed information on Mechanics, Statistics, History, Medicine, Astronomy, Finance, Mythology, Education, Mathematics, The Bible, Politics, Agriculture, Religion, Science, Temperance, Trade, etc., etc., in fact there seems to be something for everybody and nothing that some one will not be glad to know. It is embellished with a number of colored diagrams, and is by far the most valuable and complete Pocket Cyclopaedia we have yet seen. It is offered for sale at the exceedingly low price of 15 cents, for which sum in stamps it will be sent postpaid by the publishers, A. H. ANDREWS &amp; Co., Chicago.