SILENCE. ANNIE R. STEPHENS. All things great and good, have their first developments in silence. A gifted mind confirms this ; ' The mill streams that turn the clappers of the world arise in solitary places. ' How many noble souls have blest the world with their powers of good, whose humble beginnings few may realize. As this is true of the moral world, so also of the physical. From the developing of the giant oak, to the unfolding of a blossom, under the subtle influences of light and heat, they reach perfection, without ostentation and without show. We gaze upon a lovely flower, it reveals a vision of beauty to our minds, but when we reflect that its beautiful life has been boi-ne to it on the wings of solar light, it not only becomes lovely, but wonderful. In all the vast laboratory of nature, the subtle laws of Alchemy are continually changing gross particles of matter, into the most beautiful forms, and their silent workings, still remain mysterious and undiscovered. I have recently read an incident referring to silence, which to me, is very interesting. 'Many years ago there existed at Hamadan in Persia a celebrated academy. One of its principle rules was expressed in these words. The academicans must ' think much, write little and talk less.' It went under the name of the ' Silent Academy ;' there was not a scientific man in the kingdom who did not aspire to the honor of becoming a member. A certain Doctor, and a man of great science, heard that there was a vacancy, and he determined to apply for admission ; upon arriving he humbly requested the honor of filling the vacant place, but, it was already tilled. The President arose, and, with an appearance of great disappointment, silently showed him a goblet full of water, so full that one more drop would have caused it to overflow. The Doctor saw at once that he was too late ; but, without giving way to despair, he thought how could he convince the President that an extra number would not effect the well being of the rest? He saw at his feet a rose leaf, which, picking up, he let fall lightly on the surface of the water, so lightly that not a drop escaped. Every one applauded the ingenious response. The ride was, to have but one hundred members, but this was laid aside, and the Doctor Avas received with universal joy. After he had inscribed his name, he wrote on the margin of the book, the figures 100, which was that of his new colleagues; then putting 0 before the figures he wrote underneath, ' they will be worth neither more or less.' The President answered the modest Doctor with much politeness and presence of mind, placing 0 after 100, thus making it 1,000 he wrote, ' they will be worth ten times more. ' ' Silence is a virtue, and should be cultivated as such; some persons are naturally so noisy and obtrusive, that levity and wit appear to be the ruling characteristics of their minds, and apt we are to tliink that no good thing can flourish there, though often we are happily mistaken. On the other hand, some are so habitually silent, that it grows into moroseness, seeming to possess no mental sunshine by which to cheer the hearts and lives of others; therefore, moderation in all things is much the better way. We cannot overestimate the advantages of silence. Many wonderful facts in science have been brought to light, by the persistent and silent researches of the thinking mind, and lofty thoughts, aspirations and impulses have found birth in the silent chambers of the heart, that have developed to noble efforts for the uplifting of humanity, while God has crowned them with success. One has truly said that ' Silence is the perfected herald of joy. ' Who has not felt this in the silent hour of communion, when the soul's aspirations are reaching upward for an inward perception of the Divine ; at such moments we realize a foretaste of blessedness that is of God ; we also feel a vital influence impelling us to toil and struggle for the truth and right, assured, that only through a life of practical goodness and ardent effort can the soul expand in spiritual growth and loveliness. A life of goodness is a life of silent praise, more audible in the ear of God than those mighty deeds which cause nations to tremble. To do our duty in the sphere assigned us, to unfold those God-given powers of the mind and soul that have ennobled so many humble lives without aggrandizement, should be the end and aim of our being. We may thus feel assured, that our lives of silent goodness have not been altogether in vain ; but, like the way side stream has refreshed many a weary traveler on the journey of life ; and when we silently cross the river of death to join the blest immortals in eternity, we may not receive the applause of the multitude, but that which is far better, the blessing of God, the benediction of His holy angels and the approval of our own conscience. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.