Criterion of a good believer and true Christian, CHARLES JULIUS PRETER. God is love, and to be with him and of him, love must be the breath of our nostrils, the life blood of our heart and the very spiriTof our existence. 'It is not he who says Lord, Lord, but the doer of the will of God shall be justified.' And as every one shall be judged by his works, it is plain and evident, that the true Believers and real followers of Jesus can only be found and acknowledged as such by their works. The only way we can love God, is, to love one another. James ii, 8. ' If ye fulfill the royal law according to the Scripture, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself, ye do well. ' Mark, xii., 30. 'Thou shalt love the Lord thy G od with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, with all thy mind, and with all thy strength, this is the tirst commandment. And the second is like this, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than these. ' Matthew declared xxii., 40, that on these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets. Every intelligent man and woman must come to the conclusion, that the true meaning and chief subject of all the sacred writings are contained in these two simple sentences. As there is only 'One Lord, one faith and one baptism, ' it is certainly a matter of the greatest importance to ascertain, who are in possession of this one faith and who make their love manifest to God by their works, loving their neighbor as themselves ! It is obvious and must be admitted, that this can be effected and carried out only on principles of the strictest equity aud equality, true fraternity, charity and love. It follows, as a matter of course, that all sects and denominations, no matter what their name, who do not come up to this standard, are false. The primitive Christians set us an example, how to live, and to love one another, by having all things in common, in a joint interest, no one seeking anything better than others, all living and carrying out the principles of equity and equality. It fell to the lot of the writer of these lines, to live in the world before coming among Believers 29 years. I resided aud came in contact with five different nationalities : German, French, English, Americans and Spanish, have carefully examined their dogmas, doctrines and general profession of religion, but when I considered their works, with the exception of Believers, (Shakers,) I found written on the wall ' -mene, inene t'eJcel upharsin' that is, weighing in the balance, but found greatly wanting. I joined our community in the month of August 1840, just forty five years ago, and am nearly seventy five years of age. It must be admitted, that during such a lengthy privilege among Believers, I have had sufficient experience, to find out, who are actually the true people of God, and who are not. The first commandment of our Savior is self-denial. ' If any one will come after me let him deny himself, take up his cross, (against the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye and the pride of life,) and follow me. ' That is, live exactly as he did. Now to come to the point on this all important subject. If any one of my beloved Brethren or Sisters, or any one of our friends, has found a denomination, sect, or people, who as a body live and follow the life of Jesus, they have found what I never could find ; but since I came among Believers, I became intimately acquainted wTith many who follow after and live the life of Jesus. ' That which is highly esteemed among men is abomination in the sight of God.' Lk. xvii., 1;'). Does not darkness cover the earth and gross darkness the people ? They do not see the veil, the covering which hangs over all nations, that under the illusion of being married, they can violate the laws of nature with impunity. Shall men and women, created in the image of God, violate the laws of God? Was not the lust of the flesh the cause of the fall of Adam and Eve, whose first offspring was a murderer, was it not the cause of the flood, when all flesh corrupted its way, except the righteous family of Noah who were perfect in their generations, was it not the cause of all war and bloodshed, that ever came upon this earth ? Can any one be so benighted, as not to perceive, that most all the calamities and miseries, that ever befell mankind, were caused by their carnal propensities, and consequently the curse of God did follow? We find in Revelation xxii., 3. ' There shall be no more curse. ' Those fleshly lusts cannot be modified or regulated, they have to be annihilated, extirpated, for as our blessed Mother Ann declared, 'To taste of the forbidden cup is to drain it, and to drain it is to die.' 'To be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. If ye live after the flesh ye shall die, but if through the spirit you do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live. ' Rom. viii., 6. 13. As in Adam all die, (or who live in the work of generation,) so in Christ (who introduced the regeneration, which is right the reverse ot generation) shall all be made alive. 1 Cor. xv., 22. To conclude, I wish to say to all our friends who have any desire to live a pure and holy life; The prodigal son has returned to his Father's house, the fatted calf is killed, and there is music and dancing. My time of probation in this mundane sphere is nearly ended, but the nearer I come to the end of my race, the brighter the way of God is growiug to me. I am blest in my incomings and out-goings in my basket and store more than 1 ever expected and I hope, to hold out to the end faithfully, and that I shall be received into the mansions of bliss with those joyful words, ' welcome good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joys of thy Lord. ' Union Village, Ohio.