SPECIAL PROVIDENCES. WILLIAM LEONARD. Believers in special Providences have long considered that the Marquis de Lafayette was one of the best mediums ever brought under natural inspiration. His physical, moral and circumstantial qualifications were happily adapted to his remarkable intuitive capacity. He came forward in life a young man uncontrolled by others before he was of age. He was of noble lineage, great powers, strong mind, ardent love of character, strict moral integrity, and his sweetness of disposition inspired for him love and universal respect in all circles of Society, in a manner extraordinary. He was born to move among the highest aristocracy at the French Court. At the age of nineteen he was in public ; and among the millions of Frenchmen none had more fairly entered the road to earthly glory and honor. Before he was twenty years of age, he was commissioned in due form to hold rank in the French army. It was at this period that the American Colonies were struggling for independence. Prince William of England w-is making a tour through France, near where Lafayette's regiment was quartered, and was guest to a French Nobleman in that neighborhood, and one of a select number invited to dine with him. The loquacious English Prince though among the more liberty loving Frenchmen commenced an unreserved conversation respecting the American war. Perhaps none at the table but himself had any definite knowledge of the character of that struggle, or the true object the Americans were contending for. With Saxon frankness the Duke talked the whole matter out without the least duplicity or covering. There is no believer in inspired cause and effect but would discern at a glance that his caution was controlled, his perception beclouded and his descriptive powers excited by some higher presiding agency. He is reported to have been very eloquent, candid, and to have represented the Americans an oppressed people struggling for liberty, though he seemed unconscious of what he was doing. Deep down in the soul of the youthful Marquis lay slumbering a noble patriotism, unbounded liberality, a universal love of his race, and a disposition which would prompt him when rightly inspired to sacrifice treasure, and pour out his blood like water in defense of the rights of man. The story of the Prince, and the spirit which inspired it, thrilled the inexperienced soul of Lafayette like holy fire. It awakened the budding powers of his manhood, and aroused the newer and greater qualities of his being into action. In contemplating the man, to many then he seemed quickened and transformed into a new being. He seemed suddenly to have developed the wisdom of a sage and the courage and daring of a hero. He soon presented himself as the champion to help crush out tyranny, that human freedom might be erected upon its ruins. He seemed moulded for the very age in which he lived ; his whole career in the new and old world, and the part he took in both proves it. On the world wide plane upon which he acted no man ever had a better opportunity to show the weakness and blemishes of the human character; but though moving among the most varied and corrupt masses, and effecting the most fearful overturns, his character through life, for consistency, firmness and moral virtue ever stood untarnished. Lafayette's first interview with Washington goes far to prove that he was a strong medium, passing review under the severe inspection of a Master spirit of the same organization. With a board of Officers he sat down to dine with Washington and before the hour had expired, by careful observation and deep impression his whole character was read, and read correctly, by the great American Chief. Though a child in years, by clear penetration, and the impulse of an incomprehensible inspiration, he was attracted to Washington at all times as to some guardian angel. In him he saw all the qualities of sage, soldier and civilian for which he longed ; and drawing near to the great Chief to study these, he was unconsciously influenced by the same powers, which ministered to the Father of his Country. We introduce this singular man in this manner, to claim that it was not possible for him to enter where any kind of inspiration was agitating human beings without being excited by it. Among the many confidential labors and missions entrusted to Lafayette he was sent from Albany to negotiate with the Indian tribes, to take up the war hatchet for the Americans. In his intercourse with them he commanded their veneration and enlisted many of the red warriors in defense of the colonies. It was on one of these missions as he passed that way that he called on Believers. It was an important period in the inspiring commencement of the latter day. A time when many were flocking to see Mother Ann and the Elders, to hear the gospel requirements and tidings which brought salvation. A period when all became quickened by the power and inspiration which attended the first witnesses of truth who proclaimed Christ's second coming. When the Marquis entered the neighborhood at Watervliet he heard of their meetings and in company with another Officer he called to visit them. Among the Believers there were many who had been connected with the army from the beginning ; some who had joined before, and some after Lafayette had entered the service ; and as both officers were in second regimental dress they were easily recognized. He entered very quietly the little dwelling where they first held their meetings. Some were conversing, some passing in and out, and some were under singular inspired operations, among the most eccentric of these cases were the outward manifestations of Abijah Worster. He and many others were men and Avomen of strong minds, they had investigated diligently, had received faith correctly, and believing that Mother was inspired by higher spirits to declare to them the most self-sacrificing word of God ever uttered, the power which attended her testimony had set them all on fire and all in commotion. According to the laws that control organizations, it was utterly impossible for Lafayette with his singular powers to enter a place with such surroundings and not feel the state of the atmosphere and the electric current into which he had entered. Lafayette was a tall, manly form and was observed by many. He was silently and as busily engaged in closely inspecting the strange scene before him. True to his mediumistic powers and instincts where the most remarkable inspiration was apparent there he was the soonest agitated and attracted. Abijah Worster was at that time under perpetual agitations, jerking, shaking, twisting in sudden convulsions. Seated on the back side of the room Lafayette passed directly through the crowd and quietly seated himself by his side ; to him he devoted his undivided attention. He did not seem attracted to the man but to the power that controlled and moved him. He looked steadily and watchfully upon him, and when agitated and moved, he would lay his hand upon the limbs of the subject thus agitated. By closely observing him at all times, laying on his hands much of the time, and continuing his investigations persistently, it embarrassed Abijah greatly. He said he felt him to be a powerful spirit that brought him into great bondage. Wishing to break this disagreeable spell and find relief from it, and the singular freedom thus taken with his gifts and person he said to Lafayette ' You seem desirous of obtaining this power,' but the only answer received was, ' It is desirable. By this time Abijah became so disconcerted, that he suddenly arose and walked out of the door, and Lafayette rose as suddenly and followed after him. Determined to make good his escape from him, he cast about in his mind what he should do next, and finally went down to the barn, but his investigator followed on and went to the barn also. The condition of the pursued was rendered more awkward, in everj movement the pursuer continued to make,, and to make it appear to the latter that he had business there he seized the broom and went to sweeping the barn, floor, taking all the pains to clean and put the place in order that was necessary ; but the patience of his inquisitorial friend was not to be exhausted, for speechless and motionless he serenely waited to see what the next move would be. The sweeper of the threshing floor now started for the house but close in his footsteps followed the man that stuck far closer than a brother. Resolved to escape at all hazards he lifted the hatchway and walked down into the cellar closely followed by the man who was not to be shaken off for trifles, who descended into the cellar also. The confusion of Abijah at this period of the chase may be imagined, but not easily described, but he rallied and resolved upon one more effort. A rude ladder extended from the cellar to the room from whence they started ; the victim followed ascended hastily but as hastily was he followed up by the unrelenting Lafayette. In all these moves, turns and round-turns nothing like levity or ridicule was apparent in the man, but a settled determination to learn what power or impulse controlled the man and caused these strange movements and commotion in the object of his study. When they returned, Mother Ann and the Elders and others were in the room. By these he was soon drawn into conversation ; and as they became earnest in conversation, Abijah thinking he had already come in for his share of the entertainment seized a favorable moment to slip away. What followed after that he learned from the Brethren and Sisters who were present at the interview Lafayette enquired what the nature of the religious movement among them was that brought so many people together. Mother Ann described to him the work Believers were entering into. That the kingdom of Christ was gradually opening upon the world and many were awakened to see their lost condition and were coming to judgment. That after passing through the work of cleansing they received the spirit of Christ and became inspired with the true light and power of salvation. Lafayette enquired to know why he could not share in this as well as others ; Mother Ann now under inspiration plainly declared to him that his time had not come to share in this spirit. She seemed to enter quite into his case, and informed him that a great work lay before him on the earth plane and that he would have to pass through a wide field of suffering before he could ever receive the gospel of salvation. In after years he may possibly have called the words of this singular Prophetess to remembrance when what was promised under inspiration became a great fact in his sorrowful life. It may often have come back to his meditations as he lay bound for years in the cold dungeons of Olmutz and Magdeburgh. However this may have been, in the bloody struggles of the French revolution or in his exile in foreign lands something of the kind was unquestionably revived in bis recollection when his spirit took its flight from the noble earth form of the Marquis de Lafayette. Many yet remember the startling intelligence that reached America of his sudden death. After his decease was reported in Paris the first packet that came to America brought the sad news, but ministering spirits at the time of his death honored Believers with the first reliable dispatches. I have been informed that the night after his death, one of the Brethren saw Lafayette and others near him in a night vision, and from his own spirit he learned that he had passed into the regions of immortality. Daniel's vision was no more certain to him than this was to the more modern visionist. From the impression made on the dreamer was so confident of the fact that when he arose with the morning he stated without qualification, Lafayette is dead. The statement made its impression, the dream of course was remembered, the date recorded, and when the tidings reached this continent all came out correct and true. Washington was born to break the strong chain which bound the colonies to the old world, Lafayette was led by that power which guides the destiny of nations to join hands with Washington and pass through the first fiery struggle and be taught by his genius, and to drink deeply of his inspiration. Their real labors lay in two hemispheres. Washington ever cherished the same tender recollection of Lafayette that a father would for a beloved son. In the oloody struggle of the French revolution the sympathy of Washington was the strongest power which supported the Marquis ; and while suffering through gloomy years of prison life the toils he had shared and the good he had done under the Father of his country were among his most sustaining recollections. After he obtained his liberty he still toiled on for the welfare of France and died as he lived imitating the example of the man he held dear and who had long used all his influence to obtain his liberation. On the hard fought fields of the American Revolution he formed a tender acquaintance with the old patriots and heroes which gained for America her independence. When his tried soul was released from the fetters of mortality his spirit instinctively turned to his dearest friend Washington and to his old associates in arms of revolutionary notoriety tn this hemisphere. When his stormy life was closed and he was awakened to realize his entrance into the abodes of the departed dead the first consolation he sought was the sympathy and friendship of the noble patriots that first found a place in his youthful affections. In this far off' nation were the dearest objects of his love and here he took his course. Inspiration teaches that many of these spirit friends were then in the work of God in the spirit land. At the head of these stood Washington, who like a guardian angel stood ready to gather into the order of redemption all who had suffered and bled with him in defense of the rights of man. It would seem certain that many of these early friends, like ministering spirits hovered over the dying couch to soothe the last agonies of the noble French Hero. No doubt they were anxious to conduct him to that resting place where they bad found the treasures of immortality and eternal life. And when his soul had broken the fetters of clay they tenderly conveyed him to their own resting place. Mediums in Zion in vision had informed us that they have often seen him thus associated. They have told us of revelations, and have presented gifts which they received from the spirit of Lafayette who with a noble band of patriots had become true children of God in the spirit land. Harvard, Mass.