NOTES Soldiers of the cross of Christ! What a beautiful, spiritual name, embodying as it does such wonderful possibilities. u Fear not little flock for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom for which you contend.' The whole world, for ages, has bees familiar with that class, that have entered upon the field of battle with weapons of warfare, and that have mercilessly contended with each other for the mastery of the kingdoms of this world. The dominant spirit of man has, to a large extent, been on the side of personal selfishness, and every obstacle has been thrown from the way, that would in the least, prevent the accomplishment of this purpose. As was the ferocity of the lion and the tiger, and in fact of every wild beast, so has been that of man, among men. It was, indeed, a low and savage st-ate of existence. Admitting that the fighting quality as found in man, is good in its place, and necessary for the natural, wild man that he was, it is by no means the only good thing, and possibly not the best that he received from the hands of his Maker. To secure his right among the beasts of the field, he in common with them must fight for it, and the same warfare has been maintained with his own race, so that his history has been one of wars and rumors of wars. But we are living in an age when we can very readily accept this remark: ' Howbeit that was not first which is spiritual, but that which is natural, and afterward that which is spiritual. ' The Apostle now urges us to enter the warfare that is not carnal, to fight the good fight of faith, and lay held on eternal life. This takes us into an entirely differ ent element from the natural, fighting man. We are now to 'Put on the whole armor of God. ' This is a spiritual work, and instead of contending for a government over others, it becomes a warfare against the passions that rule in our mind, and we soon find that prayer is the Christian weapon which will overcome all opposition to the spirit of God. With this preparation from ou high, Ave are now soldiers of the cross of Christ. Not in name only, not in the beautiful external appearance, not because we have chosen to call ourselves Christian volunteers, but in that we have made ourselves ready and willing to contend earnestly for the faith. Whatever may be the trials or crosses whatever may be the privations or persecutions, this warfare must continue from day to day and from year to year, till all the kingdoms of this world shall become the kingdoms of our Lord. After having received the armor of God, to lay it aside, would prove ruinous. Our mission is a never ending battle against the sins of the world, and this warfare must be, as was that of Jesus, the Christ, so aggressive that the Scribes and Pharisees may be alarmed for the safety of their own temple, and for the foundation upon which they stand.