FAITH AND FEAR. The faith that moves mountains differs only in degree from that which shrinks into fear when tried, and the prayer that would save a soul may be restrained and hangunuttered on the lips. When Peter placed his foot in faith upon the water, he felt it firm as the solid rock, and he walked; he feared, and he sank, and would have perished but for the timely interposition of the ever-watchful and loving Master. Fear exaggerates and misrepresents. It sees lions in the way that are lambs, vultures that are doves, mountains that are molehills, trials that are mercies. Courage conquers all things, and makes the path of duty easy and delightful. The coward dies a thousand deaths, the brave only one, and that covered with glory. Nothing in this world is gained without the courage to endure pain and hardship. The merchant works and wearies himself to attain a perishable good. The mariner is oft exposed to death in storms. The warrior dares the deadly rain of bullets, and seeks victory and success at the cannon's mouth None complain of mishaps or danger, but shield themselves with an invincible courage to reach the goal of their wishes and hopes. And shall the Christian, who has the covenant and the promises of God as his shield, be deterred from duty amid threatening danger? Nothing can harm him. Even the fiery trial of the Hebrew children resulted in their coming forth from the furnace unscathed, with not even the breath of fire upon their garment. Faith must effectually banish fear if we would gain the mastery and surmount the most frowning obstacles in our pilgrimage heavenward. Be assured we shall not reach the 'Delectable Mountain ' without first passthrough the ' Slough of Despond ' and the ' Valley of Humiliation, ' and encountering all the obstacles which met the Pilgrim in his progress to glory. ' In this world, ' says the divine Redeemer, 'ye shall have tribulation.', But why need we fear? If faith be regnant, if the love of Christ constrain us, all difficulties vanish, toil becomes a pleasure, the yoke easy and the burden light. In the extremest depths of trial, if faith can but compass the assurance that 'all things work together for good, ' the abomination of desolation is but a dissolving view, and when passed we see erected on its site a Bethel. The huge trouble, the Alpine sorrow overhung with clouds and thick darkness, becomes a moiintain of beatitude. S. D. Burchard.