NOTES With this number of the Manifesto, we reach the last month of the year. One by one the days and weeks and months have gradually passed away from us in the completion of another of those wonder working cycles. Prayers have been made, hymns have been sung and God'j word-spoken, to the end that righteousness may be impressed upon the mind, and that our lives may be more fully in accord with the life of our Savior, Jesus Christ. Testimonies of living witnesses have befii carried into the world, and righteousness has found many interested advocates that have an established belief in the efficacy of practicing that which they preach. They have learned that the beauty of holiness, and spiritual loveliness are best attained by the combination of a living faith and of good Christian works, aud that through these the love of God is made manifest by faithfulness to duty and an honest life before all men. The world is filled with lessons of wisdom from which we may reap abundant satisfaction. In these, if we lose sight of ourselves, through prayer and a faithful continuance iu well doing, we may be able to accomplish the work that is now placed before us. Every Christian worker travels through the experience of indifference, neglect and sometimes total want of appreciation. If this, however, was the whole of life, in a good cause, the majority of workers would faint by the way or become disheartened aud return to their former estate. But happily for the world this is not the case. The light which came into the world and which lighteth every man, .grows brighter aud brighter and the harvesting of good fruits for God is mere extensive than at any former a^c. Nothing could be more to the point than the lesson of wisdom in the parable of the sower in Matt. xiii. Some seeds fell by the way-side and the fowls devoured them. Some fell on stony places and they were scorched by the heat of the sun, while some fell among the thorns, and the thorns choked them. Had the parable ended at this discouraging point, the workers in righteousness might with propriety have given up all hope, but there were 'great and exceeding precious promises ' to be looked for. 'Whatsoever a man soweth, that also shall he reap. ' God's word had been sown in the world, and neither the labor nor the seed could all be lost. Some of the seed had fallen on good ground and had yielded a harvest of thirty or sixty or a hundred fold. There were some who could hear and Understand the word, and were also able to treasure it in an honest heart, and this was the blessing that followed the earnest labors of the servants of God. Our mission to be effectual must be in harmony with the life of the Divine Teacher, and the ruling element that seemed to direct his words and deeds, was a love to do the will of his Heavenly Father. It was, indeed, a beautiful attainment, and an element that accomplished so much for good in the minds of men. This same precious gift is needed, equally, as much at the present time for the protection and salvation of those who may choose to walk in newness of life. What has been gained during the passing year and held sacred, may go far toward the suppressing of evil, and in the encouragement of a life for God. Certainly no effort in the cause of righteousness can ever fade away and no deed that is stamped with mercy and peace can ever be lost. To-day we recount the blessings of a past age, and share with those who walked with God, the joy and satisfaction of a Avell ordered life. Whether in Eden or on the mount of Sinai, the same spirit is productive of the same good results. Prophets, lawgivers and Apostles, in their zeal for the restoration of Zion, have all advocated a strict self-denial, and a consecration of life that were eminently calculated to harvest them from the spirit of the world and make them the sons and daughters of God. The fact which Jesus so pleasantly brought forward to prove to his disciples that like begets like, reaches back into the whole history of man. ' Do men gather grapes of thorns or figs of thistles?' or by a better illustration, ' A good man out of the good treasures of the heart brinjjeth forth good tilings.' It is through the increase of this work among men that we may yet be the witnesses of the millennial age, 'when men shall not hurt nor destroy in all God's holy mountain, for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea. '