Herald of Health. November, Contents: How to strengthen the Memory; Nervous Exhaustion ; Pneumoniaand Ozone; Inherited Tendency to Consumption; Studies in Hygiene for Women; etc., etc. M. L. llolbrook, M. D. 13 &amp; 15 Laight St. N. Y. $1 a year. Hall's Journal of Health. October, Contents : Fruits in Summer; Abominations in the Yard ; The Best time for administering Medicines; Ampomorphia as an Emetic; The Rapidity of the Circulation of the Blood; Restoration to Life; The Danger of Contagion in Throat Diseases, etc., etc. Office 75 Barclay St. N. Y. $1 per year. The Phrenological Journal &amp; Science of Health. November, Contents: Rev. Stephen Tyug, D. D; Contrast of Heads and Faces ; Prince Frederic Charles of Germany; Immortal Obligations; Cornell University and President Charles Adams; Our Colored Brethren; A Home Picture; George Eliot's Private Life ; Notes from a teacher's Diary; Localization of the Functions of the Brain; The Influence oi Inebriety; A Strait Diagnosis; Bronchitis; Notes in Science; Poetry, Wisdom, Mirth, etc., etc. Fowler and Wells Co., V53 Broadway, N. Y. $1 a year. The October number of the Dorcas is up to its usual standard of excellence. It contains a choice assortment of designs and patterns, in knitting and crochet; several new stitches and revivals of old ones, in addition to an admirable article on Original Fancy Work, by Ella Ilepworth Dixon, of London. There is a novel design for the new craze, viz.: Go!d Painting on Crash, and many timely hints on house and home decoration. Dorcas is growing in popularity, deservedly, and do well ordered and well-regulated home will be without it. Its subscription is only $1.00 per year, or ten cents for a single cop}-. Send at once and receive the premium of ' Dorcas Leaves,' which is offered lo all new subscribers who send in their names before December first. Address, DORCAS, 872 Broadway, New York. We have just received ' The Western World Guide Book of Useful Information. ' It is one of those indispensable hand-books that every one wants on the table where he reads or writes. With its thousands of ready references, covering almost every department of interest in this world, we obtain at a glance what might be sought for in vain without the book. In it are found colored maps of all the States and Territories, also a brief history of each one, which is well worth the price of the book. The area, population, products, government, etc., etc., of the several states is neatly represented by colored diagrams. It is surprising what a fund of information has been brought into a small compass and at so trifling an expense to the fortunate owner of this valuable little book. Price 50 cts.