FORGIVENESS. FRANK BUTLER. Forgiveness of sin is the great blessing of the gospel. To forgive sin is the exclusive prerogative of Jehovah, of whose law sin is the transgression, and the gospel makes known, not only that there is forgiveness with God, but also how he can forgive sin. and still maintain unsullied, the infinite purity and holiness, and perfection of his nature, government, and law, and even clothe them all with new glory. That all mankind have sinned and that none can be justified, accepted, and saved without forgiveness, none who believe the Scriptures of truth, will pretend to deny ; and it is a truth equally undeniable, that without confession of sin, there can be no forgiveness. We read in the Scriptures, ' He that covereth his sins shall not prosper, but whoso confesseth and forsaketh them shall have mercy. ' Prov. xxviii., I'd. Let not the sinner say, he hath no* sinned. It is with the mouth that confession is made unto salvation, and confessing our sins to God, by Christ the mediator, m his saints, is the only door of hope for salvation. We read also 'that they of Jerusalem and all Judea and the region round about Jordan, were baptized of John in the river Jordan confessing their sins, ' which was the beginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ. The consciousness of guilt is universal, hence, in all parts of the world among Christian and Pagan, savage and civilized, are found institutions or customs which have a direct reference, more or less clearly defined, to expiation and forgiveness, but the Christian scheme alone makes known a way of mercy, through Christ and offers forgiveue.-s full, free, and everlasting, to all who will believe and obey the gospel. The duty also of mutual forgiveness., is urged upon man with the most solemn sanctions. This lesson is profitable and to the point, ' Lord, how oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? Till seven times?' Jesus saith unto him, ' I say not unto thee until seven times ; but, until seventy times seven. ' Therefore in view of this great salvation, let us forgive our erring brother or sister, as we hope to be forgiven of God. Let us labor continually to keep the unity of the spirit, in the bond of peace, which signifies a union of judgment, affection, and feeling, among those who constitute the one body of Christ. It is the gift of God, and in the primitive church, was remarkably enjoyed, and to-day is to be desired and sought after as among the chief of Christian graces. Alfred, Me.