AN INTERIOR VIEW. NO. 1 OLIVER C. HAMPTON '¦Days should speak, and the multitude of years should teach wisdom. There is a spirit in man and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth them understanding. Hearken to me, I will also show mine opinion.' Job xxxii., 7, 8, 10. 'In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God, and the word was God. All things were made (evolved) by him (the word) and without Him was not anything made that was made. In him (the word) was life and the life was the light of men.' John, i., 1, 3, 4. My first premise is, if the principles of our Institution are not of eternal duration and energy, it will go to pieces, as it can endure no longer than its sub. 3 THE MANIFESTO. structure. The word spoken of above, was first 'of God' because it was an emanation, and secondly 'was God' because it was Divine Energy. This emanation of the Infinite Wisdom and Love (Our Heavenly Father and Moth- er) is the Christ of the Universe, the cause of the evolution or projection of all visible entities. John also says, i., 14. ' And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us, and we beheld his glory the glory as of the only begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth.' This was for the progress and perfection of undeveloped humanity in all worlds, even 'God manifested in the flesh.' (1 Tim. iii., 16.) Whether the man Jesus was the first visible male representative of the Christ of the Universe, and Ann Lee the first female thereof is of no consequence, as we are certain they are descendants from the same heavenly fountain of Divine Energy and their mission one of redemption and emancipation of man from all that is sinful, wretched and painful into the glorious liberty of spiritual peace and perfection. The great fact is, that this benevolent manifestation of our invisible Parents, has been made in the flesh and was evolved through its spiritual power, an organization or living church wherein all mankind may find an asylum of forgiveness and atonement with God and all their fellow beings. The internal as well as external form of this organization, is an unassailable proof of the goodness and blessedness of the divine energy or emanation Avhich evolved it. This form with its entire practical operation is based on a law of the Universe enunciated by St. Paul, Heb. vii., 7. 'Without all contradiction the less is blessed of the better.' This law of eternal evolution, is parental in its character and operations, energizing all visible creation and moving the same to higher and higher perfections, man more than all else. It has a visible representation in Jesus and Mother Ann whose power and inspiration, have opened a way of peace and perfection in holiness for all humanity in this our poor imperfect rudimental sphere, for all time and all eternity. In vieAv of so great a boon, may we not exclaim in the sublime words of the rapt poet. ' Lo earth receives him (them) from the bending skies Sink down ye mountains and ye valleys rise Eternal Hope thy glittering wings explore Earth's loneliest bounds and Ocean's wildest shore.' The character as well as the form of this church are beautifully and perfectly represented in the one established by Jesus and the Apostles 1800 years ago and which was re-organized, re established and re-vitalized by Mother Ann Lee a little more than 100 years ago. Jj Its character, relative to its powersand the peculiar administration of its government have by Believers received the general name of 'the visible Order of God.' In this visible Order are included the principles, rules, regulations etc., necessary for the conduct, government, direction and protection, as well as the perpetuity of the organization in all things temporal and spiritual. It also implies a willing and cheerful compliance of all and every of its members, with the requirements of those [appointed as spiritual and temporal directors and burden bearers ; of which, in the true Order there should be an equal number of each sex. None need ever be mortified or chagrined at this organization of leaders 4 THE MANIFESTO. and followers, because in the evolution of the ages every single human being in the universe will at some time in his or her experience, be both a leader and follower. The law above quoted from Paul is universal and eternal. The parable oi Jesus adverting to a servant was, 'Well done—thou shalt be ruler of two, five, ten cities.' But probably the reader may inquire, Does this leadership or parentage always succeed in doing justly and righteously according to the dictates of Wisdom and Love in their treatment of those in their charge? Answer. liudimental human nature is weak and imperfect, and these leaders having imperfections like unto their Brethren and Sisters, do not always succeed in walking perfectly in this matter, even with their utmost vigilance. But these leaders and directors are required to suffer the pangs of self-discipline and self-abnegation, till all this dross of rudimentalism is thoroughly purged from the floor of their daily practical life and their dealing with those in their charge. ]f they are un- willing to meet this ordeal, they are unfit for leaders and are succeeded by those who are willing to sacrifice themselves and all their faculties and talents for Christ's sake and the good of their Brethren and Sisters, as well as all humanity. And we do aver moreover, that any wrong or injustice done as above inquired about, is many times compensated by the peace and protection received from this visible Order, and the immunity from the galling yoke of a guilty conscience and the perfect atonement with God and all our fellow beinjrs thus gained by every faithful Zion traveler. In our next article, we shall more par- ticularly refer to the practical issues growing out of this visible Order as embodied in our own experience and observation. Union Village, Ohio.