COMFORTING REFLECTIONS HARRIET SHEPARD Where our Heavenly Father permits one angel to afflict, He always sends many more to comfort. I have many angel friends who love me well. Their gentle expressions lead me by pleasant ways, and their musical voices and the kindness of their words make me better. The passages of scripture are pictures of immortality, dews of heavenly perception ; pearls of celestial sweetness, and gems of divine wisdom. The Bible breathes of love, the home of the saints and pleasures too pure to die. Would more of its divine instructions were practically mine and I had strength and prudence enough to make them my constant guide. 'Lo ! I am with you always' is not a promise, but a declaration. Happiness does not so much depend on circumstances as we think. Within our souls the fountain must abide, or no number of tributaries can long keep active its joyous, gushing, delightful streams. If the consciousness of making others happy is earth's purest happiness, may we not all learn how to obtain it? As the heavens are higher than the 8 THE MANIFESTO. earth, so are God's ways above our ways ; it is not always the most useful who dwell longest in this mundane sphere, or to whom the power of doing good is longest preserved. Let us all become more philanthropic ; lovers of mankind ; sympathize more deeply with suffering, and open a hand more readily and more widely to relieve it. 'As the ancients held sacred the oak riven by the lightning, so a sympathetic mind always regards one who has been afflicted, asiftouchedbythe hand of God himself. ' As in nature, the brightest sunshine casts the deepest shadow, so human life is made up of contrasts of lights and shades, calms and storms, pleasures and sufferings. Now the sky is covered with clouds, showers of rain are falling fast. Oh ! that the showers of heavenly love and the sweets of forgiveness would so descend upon mankind as to make it all like a well watered garden, bringing forth plentifully the fruits of righteousness. The future is bright before many of my readers, and its emblems are big with joyous meaning. Were I to ask a boon for each of you, it would not be a life free from adverse winds and storms. Pleasure hath her ministers, but affliction alone subdues and strengthens the spirit. As the rod of the sainted Hebrew brought grateful waters from the rock so sorrow moves the susceptible springs of the heart. Forget not the farewell words of a good Professor, 'First of all be Bible students. ' To be unenlightened in anything else may be palliated, but if we lack knowledge of the Scriptures we have no apology. It will add knowledge to our thoughts, tranquillity to our lives and thereby advantage will be ours, and life shall be prolonged. North Union, Ohio.