Correspondence Pleasant Hill, Ky. Oct. 1885 Dear Brothek ;—Enclosed, please find draft on New York for amount of subscription to the Manifesto by the Society at Pleasant Hill, Ky., for the current year, which we hope may reach you in safety. We hope it may aid in the good cause, to keep the bright banner of Truth waving, as hitherto, as a beacon light, with increasing effulgence, before a benighted world, and lead them in the paths of Wisdom,—which are peace and pleasantness to the Fountain of all good—Eternal Life—vuerethe sin-sick, sin-forsaking, upright souls, can be freed from the bondage of sin, and find peace and rest, and dwell together in the unity of the spirit and in the bonds of peace. And may that true light so shine as to penetrate the mist of darkness that broods over a slumbering and sinful world, and minister that word 'which is quick and powerful, sharper than any two-edged sword ;' and awaken and carry conviction into the hearts of the lovers and partakers of sin and pleasures; and kindle that fire that shall burn as an oven, and lay bare the fountains of iniqtiity that corrupt the world, and fill the earth with violence, ' that all the proud, yea all that do wickedly,' may be consumed as stubble, that it may leave them neither root nor branch in their sinful life, ' For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven, against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness.' Professing to have the truth of salvation from sin, while living in sin. All unrighteousness is sin, and sin when it is finished bringeth forth death. The soul that sinneth it shall die. O ! the deceitfulness of the father of lies ; to blind and deceive poor lost mortals in such manner, that they can lay the nattering unction to their souls, that they can be saved in their sins. If they remain in their sins they are not saved from sin, then what are they saved from ? But the voice of God to the fallen race in mercy is, ' Cleanse your hands, ye sinners, and purify your hearts, ye double minded, and turn to the Lord and he will have mercy upon you, and to our God for he will abundantly pardon.' This will bring salvation from sin, and give peace and rest to the soul. This standard is raised, a refuge for the weary travelers and sin-sick souls to find peace and rest. And may the Herald of truth spread the tidings, to the ends of the earth, and the light continue to glow with increasing splendor, a id the fire to burn more fervently and sume the dross, till 'the earth sh tl &gt;e filled with the knowledge of the glorv of the Lord, as the waters cover the s a. ' B. B. Dunlavy