Correspondence Pleasant Hill, Ky. Oct. 1885 Dear Brothek ;—Enclosed, please find draft on New York for amount of subscription to the Manifesto by the Society at Pleasant Hill, Ky., for the current year, which we hope may reach you in safety. We hope it may aid in the good cause, to keep the bright banner of Truth waving, as hitherto, as a beacon light, with increasing effulgence, before a benighted world, and lead them in the paths of Wisdom,—which are peace and pleasantness to the Fountain of all good—Eternal Life—vuerethe sin-sick, sin-forsaking, upright souls, can be freed from the bondage of sin, and find peace and rest, and dwell together in the unity of the spirit and in the bonds of peace. And may that true light so shine as to penetrate the mist of darkness that broods over a slumbering and sinful world, and minister that word 'which is quick and powerful, sharper than any two-edged sword ;' and awaken and carry conviction into the hearts of the lovers and partakers of sin and pleasures; and kindle that fire that shall burn as an oven, and lay bare the fountains of iniqtiity that corrupt the world, and fill the earth with violence, ' that all the proud, yea all that do wickedly,' may be consumed as stubble, that it may leave them neither root nor branch in their sinful life, ' For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven, against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness.' Professing to have the truth of salvation from sin, while living in sin. All unrighteousness is sin, and sin when it is finished bringeth forth death. The soul that sinneth it shall die. O ! the deceitfulness of the father of lies ; to blind and deceive poor lost mortals in such manner, that they can lay the nattering unction to their souls, that they can be saved in their sins. If they remain in their sins they are not saved from sin, then what are they saved from ? But the voice of God to the fallen race in mercy is, ' Cleanse your hands, ye sinners, and purify your hearts, ye double minded, and turn to the Lord and he will have mercy upon you, and to our God for he will abundantly pardon.' This will bring salvation from sin, and give peace and rest to the soul. This standard is raised, a refuge for the weary travelers and sin-sick souls to find peace and rest. And may the Herald of truth spread the tidings, to the ends of the earth, and the light continue to glow with increasing splendor, a id the fire to burn more fervently and sume the dross, till 'the earth sh tl &gt;e filled with the knowledge of the glorv of the Lord, as the waters cover the s a. ' B. B. Dunlavy West Pittsfield, Mass. Dec. 1885 Our esteemed Manifesto :—We have often wished, for months past, to greet you with encouraging expressions ; but for reasons (we do not like to tell you just yet,) we have failed to respond to our promptings. There is an adage, something like this, that 'Manas he grows older, grows wiser and better. ' This is true in some cases with both men and women. But we are about to adapt this saying to you THE MANIFESTO. 11 dear Manifesto, thinking it can well be applied. You come to us every month promptly, and every time laden with something worthy our thought, consideration and attention. We find you maintaining the beautiful spirit of humility and peace. This spirit, we realize, every religious reader is pleased with and will recommend. We would like here to notice, and make mention of the many good and spiritually inspiring articles you have given us within the year from dear Brethren and Sisters, as well as worthy selec- tions from other auth . Here is an opportunity for sacrifice, and we must try and be brief, knowing your love and necessity for this element,—brevity. We cannot do much but render praise, and our hearty thanks to your contributors both aged and youth—all who have worked in the least for yovir and our interest, and in behalf of those who do not understand the 'Way. ' Your testimony has been calculated to point to religion 'pure and undefiled,' full ol heavenly virtue. In Feb. No. (1885) Sister N. G. Danforth describes the ' Way, the Truth and the Life ;'' and then says, ' in this way we crucify self. ' When this is accomplished we have no inclination to follow any other course. Then shall we be filled with all the fullness of love, and inherit the reward of sweet peace when we have come to our heavenly Parentage not by believing merely, but by actually living, the 'Way, the Truth and the Life. ' The intelligent mind can see how that by cultivating the higher and more spiritual part of the garden of the soul, the noxious and foul weeds must wither and die out. These latter, Jesus said, 'The Father hath not planted. ' All may be sure then that He will never recoguize or tolerate them. We must just mention those wise sayings occasionally inserted by our well tried sister H. H. ' Such as abide in the light, no power can harm them. ' And then those verses and short poems by dear sister M. W. so often filling up your spaces give evidence and manifest the interest and soul activity of such as have lived ' unspotted before the world.' It is good for us to contemplate how these have made themselves white by coming up through tribulation and risen above the 'earth earthy,' by living the 'pure virgin life.' Others we would like to notice who have added to your wealth and ornament for the special benefit and better understanding of your readers, of the Way and the Life of principles which hold the saving power. Now dear Manifesto we dare not, must not, will not fail of accepting the ' Good Word' you have brought from time to time ; for in this we have a surety of being partakers of the 'Powers of the world to come.' We will not engage your attention but a few moments more. We have perused all your 'Notes' with pleasure and pronounced them good and for the interest of the people of all lands. Time has passed away so swiftly that we cannot recall your age, but we know you are somewhat advanced in years, possibly you will tell us sometime how old you are, at least how old you 'think you are.' The passing year and your labors and kindly visits during its continuance are nearing the end ; we again say, thanks for all your toil. And we wish that the New Year so close at hand may open 12 THE MANIFESTO. upon you and all Christian co-workers with manifold blessings. May they have clear vision and behold the prospect of the glorious reward promised to such as endure and prove faithful to the end. Kindly adieu, Betsey Johnson