A JUST CRITERION AMELIA CALVER 'How' said an earnest disciple of one of earth's truest noblemen, ' shall I know in what estimation I am held by my fellow man.' ' An easy problem that' was the allwise reply ' study to know what is your estimation of those whose minds you seek to read. ' k'Ah but how can that be a true measure, when we have occasion for so wide a difference in our appreciation of others ; some you know are worthy of all honor ; some, merit it only at times ; others are, by their very nature repulsive to any kindly thought ; I am sure I cannot yet be measured by the first; I must not by the last, nor do I wish a fluctuating merit like the second of the three classes. ' ' Indeed,' was again the reply, ' it is not by any one act of your life, that its worth is weighed ; 7 THE MANIFESTO. neither will your color of thought for any one individual, so reflect its corresponding ray, as to brighten or blacken your whole life ; mass the thoughts you have for others, good, bad and indifferent, find their average, and you have the picture of yourself, as reflected upon the mind's retina of your surrounding friends.' If, by lack of methodical thinking, this is a knotty problem for you, write Jowa a list of all with whom you come in contact, and opposite each name, write your general thought of the individual. Love and confidence against those to whom it is due. Charity for those whose faults you reluctantly see ; thus using every good in its various shades; but by no means neglect the evil you think of others. Envy and jealousy, twin cause and effect; distrust with all its malignant train, must stand to the front; and when after a careful assortment, you find the pre-eminence, that you may take as your average standard, in the estimation of others. And furthermore, I would say, if you wish to know what people say of you, measure yourself by this same rule ; and should you find your list of evil speaking, longer than your kindly words for others, beware, for such will inevitably be your harvest, unless your lot is fortunately cast among those of an exceeding high grade of moral excellence, this is an exception, not the rule. On the other hand, you may be kindly disposed to all, yet be unjustly represented for a season ; this also is an exception which will naturally right itself in time. We can find no better criterion by which to judge other's thoughts or words concerning us ; for we shall reap what we sow if not all. This sensitiveness of reputation is an excellent guard, even where conscience would be dilatory in its correction, if we can only remember not to say of others, that which we do not wish said of us ; but pity, O, pity is for those, who so lost to all right, all delicacy, that in their wrecklessness they do not care what others think of them,— if there be such,—they alone are a bane of life for which there is no antidote. Mt. Lebanon N. Y..