DIARY. A Trip to Sodus Bay, N. Y. BY ELDER BENJ. WHITCHER On the 9th. of June 1834 we, the Ministry,! leave the Society of Enfield, N. H., at three o'clock A. M. and reach Windser Vt., a distance of twenty two miles, where we stop a few hours for the good of ourselves and our horses. We pass through Wethersfield, Chester and into Andover. We are now fifty three miles from Enfield, and conclude to remain here through the night. June 10th. We pass through Peru, Arlington and reach Jackson, and stop in this place the second night. June Hth. On reaching Pittstown we meet Br. Frederic Wicker and two Sisters from the Society in Watervliet, N. Y. They have come some thirteen miles to see us and to welcome us to their home, where we arrive at five o'clock, P. M., a distance of one hundred and thirty seven miles from Enfield. Among these gospel friends we receive a very kind welcome, from the Ministry, Elders, Brethren and Sisters. June 12th. AVe walk to the orchards and to the gardens. Every thing is flourishing. In the garden we find several Sisters picking strawberries. We pass to the mill where some of the Brethren are engaged in the carding of wool. At the Second Order we meet Br Aaron Wood, and listen with pleasure, while he sings some of the beautiful songs that he learned of Mother Ann and the Elders. The children at the Second Family make a recitation of some Scripture lessons, which are useful to them and very interesting to us. June 14th. We make a short visit in the South Family On our return to the First Family in the P. M., we enter the Cemetery. Every thing is neatly and simply arranged. The stones, instead of bearing the whole name of the individual, had only the initials. June 15. A public service is held in the A. M., which is well attended. At 1.30 P. M., the Church Family held a service in the t Elder Benjamin Whitcher, Br. Joseph Johnson, Eldress Esther Ferrin, Sr. Lucy Williams. same place which was a season of spiritual refreshment. These stand among the first of our gospel blessings, and for which we should ever return our humble thanks and praise to our Heavenly Father. June 16th. We leave our kind friends at Watervliet and are taken to Schenectady, where we expect to enter a ' Packet Boat. ' Two rail roads enter this place; one from the City of Albany and the other from Bawlstown. This manner of traveling was entirely new to all in our company and we were very much interested to see the cars come and go. They were drawn by horses and as many as thirty persons left the cars that were drawn by one horse. At eleven o'clock we went on board the ' Packet. ' It was the United States, under the direction of captain Boswell Ilaskill. Our journey is now through a beautiful section of country, dotted here and there with fields of wheat, rye, oats and corn. Our boat glides pleasantly along at a moderate speed, giving us ample time to view the surrounding country, which proves to be very satisfactory. At nine P. M., the passengers are all called upon to choose their berths for the nightAs there were fifty or more persons on board, it was rather an amusing scene, and very much like a child's play. Being strangers to this mode of traveling, the captain very kindly made choice for us. The hours of night finally passed away and we had the satisfaction of enjoying some rest. June 17th. On the approach of daylight we are again on deck, enjoying the beautiful scenery that is spread out for several miles on each side of the canal. We pass the village of Frankfort at five o'clock, A. M. We were interested in the very nice appearance of the meeting house. It was attractive. We also observe several stores, two taverns and some of the dwellings which had, recently, been finished. At Utica we go on board of another boat, the ' Swan, ' which is under the direction of Captain Wellington. With all our baggage on board, we start with a good team and a brisk wind for Rochester. It is said that our speed is quite rapid for canal navigation. Excellent farms are constantly before us which represent the industry of the managers. Contrasted with the farms THE MANIFESTO. 23 of New Hampshire, this becomes a wonderful country. We pass the village of Whitestown and the buildings are so neatly painted, and all being white, that everything looks apparently new. We now pass through extensive woodlands where a variety of trees may be seen. It is a level expanse as far as the sight can ex- tend. A large stone building is seen, and we are informed that it is the U. S. Arsenal. The roof'is covered with tin. We speak particularly of this, as it is the first building that we have seen covered in this manner. In the great prophetic future when nations shall learn war no more, and when pruning hooks shall be used instead of spears, a more peaceful occupation may be carried on within these beautiful walls. It is raining and the passengers are driven below. Some twenty persons are doing the best they can to pass the time pleasantly. The best of order is maintained and we sail along quite comfortably. Two Indian boys are running by the side of our boat. It was some time before we could comprehend what this could mean, but soon learned that they were money catchers, and that they would sometimes follow the boat for several miles to obtain a few pennies. It was, in fact, a matter of business. Some of the passengers to have a little sport would occasionally throw a few cents into the muddy bank, when the little fellows would spring to see which should get to them first. In their eagerness to obtain the pennies they covered themselves quite freely with mud. June 18th. As the sun rises, we rise and again go on deck. A beautiful country is before us of evergreen pastures and fruitful fields. We enjoy, more and more, the loveliness of the scenery which is so varied and at the same time so beautifully new. We pass an extensive track of land called the marshes of Montezuma. Thousands of acres are covered with flags, flat grass and rushes. Passing this we enter a beautiful country where the wheat fields are in advance of anything that we have yet seen. At the village of Lyons we meet several of the Brethren and Sisters who live in the Society at Sodus. They are twelve miles from their home. We accomany them to the tavern where they have prepared tor us a sumptuous meal. We accept the kindness with thankful hearts and rejoice with them that we have arrived safely so near the home of our gospel friends. At 3.30 P. M. we are in the Believers'settlement and are received with great kindness. June 19th. We have an interview with the me:r,bers of the Church Family, which numbers about fifty persons. June 20th. We join our friends and take a ride to the shore of Sodus Bay. It is a very enjoyable privilege and affords us much pleasure in the new forms of scenery. The company are taken into a small boat and we sail across the bay to the shore of Lake Ontario. We are near the site of a temporary fort that was thrown up in the war of 1812. On a high point of land, not far distant, where the bank of the lake is nearly thirty feet in height, we had an excellent view of this great body of water. In the distance we discover a ship and a steamboat. After partaking of a refreshing lunch we go on board our boat and row along on the north side of the bay. On our return we call at the East Family, which numbers about twenty persons. At this place we measure the stump of a chestnut tree and find it to be five feet and four inches in diameter. Everything seems to have a wonderful growth. For a smoke house, in which to cure meat, the Brethren had made use of a hollow Sycamore tree. (To BE CONCLUDED.)