London, England, Sept. 1885 Dear Elbee Evans :—I have read the three years' numbers of the 'Shaker and Shakeress' you so kindly sent me, and cannot help expressing how agreeably surprised I was to find in its pages so much in accordance with my own, and my wife's views. I have been much blest in my soul in its perusal. Many of the sentiments contained therein we can fully indorse ; and it is difficult to specialize any one article, as the best one, for the unity and harmony of the writers are all of a price. They speak one pure language ; which I believe is ultimately to be the language of the race—the universal Fatherhood and Motherhood of God, and the Brotherhood of Man. Admitting of course the law of growth from the lower kingdoms up to the perfected earthly one, and from thence into the Kingdom of our Lord Jesus Christ; 'where they neither marry nor are given in marriage but are as the angels of God.' We have been both delighted with the experiences of different Brothers and Sisters who have been so many years in Shaker Communities, many of them of an advanced age. Bless God they were ever brought into his kingdom on earth. Such blessed testimonies speak for themselves and send a thrill of joy to the responsive heart of those in the world who have not yet found a true home among true kindred spirits. Ourselves pant for a fellowship that we cannot find in the churches of today. O how empty are the professions of all man made creeds ; there is no room for the soul to grow, you dare not express your thoughts, you are cramped and stunted at every turn. There is no freedom for the spirit to work, or evolve a new thought, the mouth of inspiration is closed, new revelations are not allowed in the churches. I find by the ' Shaker and Shakeress' that true inspiration is encouraged and truth from any source is acceptable whether manifested by the saviors of the past, or by those of our times through whom Christ, the spirit, makes known the will of God to men. Jesus said, on this rock, namely, Christ the Spirit, will I build my Church, against which the gates of all the hells shall not prevail. I feel 1 could say a good deal on this subject but forbear at present. My wife joins me in love to you and to all the dear Brethren and Sisters. I remain yours respectfully P. B. Alsop