West Gloucester, Me. Dec. 1885 Dear Readers, of our Excellent Magazine, The Manifesto:—In this world, a little time is alloted us, in which we may do good to others and prepare ourselves, for the unseen fu- ture 'The Beautiful Beyond.' Each of us have a mission here, to fulfill, therefore I feel anxious to '' D© what good I can with care, ' and as little harm as possible. Wherever I see an opening for religious conversation I love to step in THE MANIFESTO. 13 and be a hearer of the word, and, hearing I would also be a doer of the work. The human mind is something wonderful ! In it is a broad field of thought, of labor. Our Magazine may be likened to a field of grain ; we sometimes find in the farmer's field, several kinds of cereals sown, Wheat, Rye, Barley, Oats, and perhaps Buckwheat, (all good and wholesome) all growing in one great field. Each, goes to sustain life, the physical, so in our Manifesto, we find beautiful gems of thought and precious grains of truth, purity and love and each is a lesson in and of itself, to be learned, by the wise and prudent. Here also we find the names of our Brethren and Sisters, who are fervent in spirit and who are to day, building their houses, not upon the sands of time, but, upon the everlasting rock, the rock of ages. Let the rains descend, and let the floods beat against houses like these, and they will stand unmoved and unmarred through time and through all eternity. Who shall say that Shakerism is a thing of the past, and is fast dying out ? Not I ! It is not in my heart, and may I never be left to utter words like these. I firmly believe if we who are already called, should dwindle and die out Shakerism would live. Its principles are living and not dying; Life and not Death. Let us live, let us breathe in a clearer, purer atmosphere, keeping alive o'ur good faith, by corresponding works of righteousness. Let us not keep our lips closed, for the testimony of our good mother, must be preserved in its purity and sweetness. How shall it be done? If these shall hold their peace, the very stones will cry out against them, (said one anciently. ) Will it not be said of us, if we keep silent? In this Book of ours, I find still other names, those whose names are registered in the Heaven's, 'The Lamb's Book of Life, ' and while I read the sacred records which they left, let me not read them, as I would, some 'old, old story, ' which perhaps might please and interest for the moment; nay I would read with care and thoughtfulness, with deep concern, and a desire to be profited thereby. I would compare my life with their lives, my sacrifices with their consecrations, my religion, with the religion which they taught and which they as earnestly lived. These have passed from death unto life, they have gone up higher to enjoy the sweets of immortality, the fruits of their labor. To these dear ones has come the harvest time; they are reaping those golden grains, to which we refer sometimes in our beautiful songs. Let us hold their names in loving remembrance, and emulate their glorious example. I am reminded just here of another little Book, very precious to most of us, we could not well do without it. It is the book of memory. Let us turn back some of the leaves and carefully read those well filled pages, they tell us of wonderful things. We read that about the year 1840 and 41, there was a revival of tru-3 religion, in the Shaker Churches, throughout the land. The angels of the Lord came down and great power was manifest (many were blest with heavenly visions, prior to this time) but now came something greater, a baptism of the Holy Spirit and fire. It was then I received this heavenly baptism. One by one I confessed my sins, as 1 committed them and this I did 14 THE MANIFESTO. without making any reserve. Full well did I know then as now, that the Ananias • and Sapphira, spirit, could not, would not prosper. I wanted no part nor lot in it. I aspired only to be a true heir to a gospel inheritance, a child of God. How glad I am that I began this work, early in life and gave my heart to God. The little sacrifices I have made from time to time, are but small when compared with the blessings I have received,—the blessings of a Gospel Parentage. Dear Friends, I believe in inspiration. The inspiration of to day, which leads good men and women to do noble deeds of love ; to speak words of truth, which the world hath no power to gainsay. These are the able workers of our time. They speak out and tell the people, what are the crying evils in our land; the secret abominations, that bring down the judgments of God, upon the people. These men and these women are called of the Lord. They are the servants of the Most High, and this is their work, none others can do it as effectually as they. Blessed, yea thrice blessed are all such. Go on dear friends, friends in the cause of right. Friends to our glorious institution, go on, and may the Lord sustain you, and his right arm of power be your support. The world needs you, every one. Ye are workers in the Master's great field, and each will receive a just reward, at the harvest time. Life is short. Let us dear gospel friends, do our work faithfully, cheerfully and keep our identity ; that by the lives we live, the dress we wear, and the language we speak, we may be a ' Light to the world,' (not hidden under a bushel) but a shining light which will never go down, but will grow brighter and brighter unto the perfect day. 80 will our fathers and our mothers bless us and we shall become a strong people, whose God is the Lord, and it shall not be heard in all Israel, ' Shakerism is a thing of the past and is fast dying out, ' but those who are known as Shakers, will live in the hearts of the people, a praise in the Earth a glory in all the Land, while their names will appear in the u Book of Life,' wrought in letters of Gold. Mary A. Gillespie