Books and Papers The Pansy The Pansy edited by 'Pansy' herself holds a place in the hearts of the children and also of the parents. Reaching Out wiH be Pansy's serial story for 1886. Golden Text stories will be an interesting feature. The story of St. George and the Dbagon, by Margaret Sidney will run through the year. Stories of discoveries, inventions, people etc., will be told by Rev. C. M.Livingstone. Pansy will write under the title—Where I went and what I gaw,—Each number will contain selections from our standard poets, suitable for recitation, &amp;c. Space will be devoted to answers to correspondents. Fully illustrated. $1.00 a year. Address orders to D. Lothrop and Co. Franklin and Hawley St. Boston, Mass. ' WIT A T TOMMY DID. ' John llabberton author of 'Helen's Babies'' says: ''What Tommy Did' would be worthy of the serious consideration of parents if it were possible for any one to be other than wildly mirthful over the saintlinesses and dreadfulnesses of the little'hero. Tommy is an ideal boy—one of (lie kind which are by turns unendurable and angelic, which changes parents from young to old, and from old to young again many times a day. We pity parents who fail to read this book; there is no time in the day, nor any day in the week, in which its pages will not dispel care. ' The Chicago Tribune pronounces it a book that ' will delight every boy and girl, and every mother too, who will find in it a book that can be read over and over again to suit the insatiable appetites, of you1 hful listeners, and yet never sicken the reader with any weakness or nonsense in its composition. '--It has just been published in dainty delightful shape, fine cloth, richly ornamented binding by Alden, the 'Revolution' publisher, at half its formei price, 50 cents. Alden's 148-page illustrated catalogue (price 4 cents—condensed catalogue free,) of his immense list of standard books, is a wonder as well as joy to book-lovers. John B. Alden, Publisher, New 'York. Herald of Health Herald of Health for Dec. gives the best of medical advice and among other good things says. ' It is a sin to be sick. ' M. L. Holbrook, M. D. 13&amp;15 Laight St. N. Y. $1.00 per year.