If the church would have power over the world... —If the church would have power over the world and be able to bring men to Christ, she must be zealous in spirit, pure in heart and holy in life. She cannot successfully convince men of the necessity of salvation, unless she practically exhibits its blessings and its virtues. By her daily walk she must demonstrate that there is a higher and holier plain of life tban tbe world occupies. By this she must convince men that vital piety is the inheritance of the Saint, and that a life and a walk with God, means separation from all that is worldly, sinful and impure. If she fails to do this, and becomes formal and cold-bearted, her arm for good will become palsied and her glory depart. In that degree that she lays asidft her holy seriousness, in the same degree, she not only dishonors her Lord, but loses her hold en the confidence of men.—-Star and Crown. It is with pleasure that we take the above from the Star and Grown and present it to our readers as a thoughtful and careful admonition. It is in the interest of the church and we will say of the church militant which must keep up an aggressive warfare against the sins of the world. It is an interest of right over wrong in which the witnesses of God arise to teach men to walk and work in practical righteousness, through which is to come the salvation of the race. Any manifestation which awakens us to more active duty, that stimulates care and sympathy for all our fellow men, is the inspiration of God which will sustain us through all trials, and direct us to that home eternal in the heavens. The church of Christ has a mission, indeed, of life and light to perform which may not be deferred. It is a duty which carries with it weighty responsi- bilities. 'I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day,' said Jesus, for 'the night cometh, when no man can work.' If the church would have power over the world, it must be an honest representative of the divine Teacher. The work is clearly defined ; there is not the shadow of mystery. 'Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven. ' There must be light and by this light will be seen the pure in heart, the spirit of peace and the anxiety for righteousness. The church can have no influence for direct good, if it condescends to walk with the world. Wherever this is done, in the least degree, the church becomes crippled, loses its spiritual power and suffers, in its fulness, the penalty which the transgression inflicts. Kighteousness and unrighteousness cannot be expected to harmonize, and the attempt to reconcile both in one mind will always prove a failure. The apostle has left for our careful consideration this wise remark.—To be spiritually 18 THE MANIFp;STO. minded is life and peace, but to be car- nally minded is death. In this the church has its course so carefully laid out that there can be no need of failure, if the plan is carefully regarded.