Why I want to be a Shaker W. A. J. BEAUCHAMP Looking over our little planet we find, first, that it has interspersed over its surface, beings bearing so close a resemblance to each other as to justify the conclusion of a common origin, a common brotherhood—a 'family.' Second, we find this order of beings classified into various nationalities, each having characteristics peculiar to itself. There are dissimilarities in the languages spoken, in the forms of government, in the social customs ; but, perhaps, the strongest marks of distinction are to be found in the various secular and sectarian ideas respecting those emotional feelings and exercises classed under the common appellation of religion. As intelligencies transcending all other orders of being experience proves that as the grand aim of life, among all people and in all climes, is centered in the desire to enjoy life, and as certain conditions of life give a certain bias to temperament in the moulding of character, more or less, to surrounding circum- stances, it became matter of expedience to organize this one great family intd political and social orders composed of members temperamentally adapted to such order as is found most congenial to theirkt peculiar' temperament. Of course 5 6 THE MANIFESTO. I allude only to the various orders of the Adamic family. So great is this disparity and such the idiosyncrasies influencing the ruling powers that the common desire to foster and enjoy life does not halt at the legitimate means which the laws of being point to as the best, but those means are, by the masses, stultified, perverted, in the unnatural effort to secure happiness at the expense or cost of others. How often do we hear it declared, even from the pulpit, that this is 'human nature.' Is it not rather the inhuman in nature as adopted by the higher ( ?) intelligencies from the lower orders of creation? In justification of the slaying propensity how often are we reminded that the lower orders of creation do the same, i.e. prey upon each other ; as if they were to be regarded as our natural tutors and we were to look to them for an exact standard of morals. In view of the various idiosyncracies referred to, together with the fact that all and each seek life's enjoyment and each on his or her own plane I will ask you to imagine yourself shipAvrecked O'J some 'inhospitable shore' where you find yourself surrounded by those of the 'common brotherhood of man' whom we are pleased to term ' savage.'' Imagine your ears constantly assailed by a jargon of words as meaningless to your inner senses as they are harsh and discordant to the ear. In addition to this imagine yourself daily constrained to witness spectacles of religious worship utterly revolting to your ideas of consistency. To them the pleasures of life in religious fellowship may be as complete as the nature of outward circumstances will admit. To them life's pleasures are unalloyed. But oh ! who but thysslf can depict the horror to you consequent on your forced relation to systems and practices so utterly repugnant to your conception of pleasures refined. Now let us change the picture. In this dreary region of your heart's desolation imagine yourself strolling listlessly along the beach. You observe something at a distance which proves to be a bundle which the waves have cast ashore. An examination of the packet discovers some printed papers. Yes, aud now your heart leaps as you discover the familiar title of magazine or newspaper whose plain English type enables you to comprehend every word as word by word sends a thrill of joy to your lonely heart. How eagerly you scan the treasured pages hoping to catch—ah ! yes, here it is now—a friendly comprehensive communication from a well known friend, and Oh, the eager longing that possesses you to be gone from these harrowing, discordant and uncongenial scenes to join the friends you know. Friends whose every gesture, nay almost every thought awakens a kindred response. 'Where hai monies sweet in accord meet. Friends who understand you. Friends who speak to you understandingly. Where with veil of mystery rent, Life and time are sweetly spent. Friends who, like yourself, perchance, have chosen that belter part and seek through 'transformation' grace to fulfill the sabred injunctions of the 'golden rule. ' Where heartbeats to heart and joys unconfined Insure a perfect rest unto the peaceful mind. Reader, have I not told j ou Avhy I want to be a Shaker? Orange, Orange Co., Tex.