THE MANIFESTO. JANUARY, 1886 THE MANIFESTO. 1886. Office of publication. The Manifesto is published at Shaker Village, Mer. Co. N. H. All articles for publication should be addressed to Henry C. Blinn, and all letters on financial business to A. Y. Cochran. TERMS. One copy per year, postage paid, .75 ' ' six months, ' .40 Send two cent stamp for specimen copy. 1886. More Work for Willing Laborers Again we welcome the dawning of a New Year ! Hail Happy, New Year ! May it be filled with abundant blessings to every one; with an out-pouring of the gifts and graces of the Divine Spirit, and bring to us that increase which may be desired by a pure and honest heart. In the rapid march of time it seems but a few days since we were calling the attention of our readers, of the Manifesto, to this same duty, at the introduction of a previous year. Since that date our little messenger, in the spirit of the sacred Teacher, has gone into the homes of thousands and carried to them the revelation of God's love to man. All who have taken an interest in this beautiful work of glad tidings and in helping to sow the seeds of goodness and truth in the hearts of mankind, will most assuredly feel a blessing of God in their souls. Those who work for God are earning a treasure which the world can neither give nor take away. In the simplicity of our souls we love to take a review and accept the comforting assurance that while our efforts are but a feeble offering, yet it has been one of which we need not be ashamed. Our labor is that of Love. God in his merciful kindness has given to us of the abundance of his blessings, and as worthy and faithful sons and daughters, we should anxiously proffer the same to our fellow man so far as we are able. 'Freely ye have received, freely give.' The opening of the New Year should also awaken new thoughts and clothe us with inspirational zeal to bear in our lives that light which shall safely direct the Zion traveler into Wisdom's ways of pleasantness and into her paths of peace. It should impress upon our minds the necessity of active and continued efforts in the work which has become our haven of rest in this life, and our assurance of the promise of our Savior in the world to come. We should work while our day lasts, and send out from month to month that testimony of truth which we have received from God, and which in the honesty of our hearts we, believe is for the peace and happiness of our fellow man. It requires but a limited observation to see quite readily the urgent demands that are needed on every hand. Angels of mercy and charity are at every door, while there is so much sin and suffering. The appalling flood of intemperance that is in the land must make the heart of every sensitive Christian man and woman tremble, through dread of the fearful consequences that may overtake them from day to day. Our order cannot wholly escape the burdens which come through the wide spread traffic in intoxicating liquors. While we regret the sad havoc that has been made in many noble minds, 'we can JANUARY, THE MANIFESTO. 17 only be assured of preservation by vigilant watch through every coming day. The Manifesto is a witness for the testimony of Jesus Christ, in its selfdenial, in its separation from the world, in its virgin life, and in its consecration of soul and body to the service *of God. For the term of fifteen years it has maintained, unflinchingly, a straight forward course in the advocacy of a better and better life for man and woman. If the march from the habits and practices of the world has been slow, we trust that it has been satisfactory and that what may have been gained in the principles of righteousness, will not fade away and be lost from our spiritual home. If the church would have power over the world... —If the church would have power over the world and be able to bring men to Christ, she must be zealous in spirit, pure in heart and holy in life. She cannot successfully convince men of the necessity of salvation, unless she practically exhibits its blessings and its virtues. By her daily walk she must demonstrate that there is a higher and holier plain of life tban tbe world occupies. By this she must convince men that vital piety is the inheritance of the Saint, and that a life and a walk with God, means separation from all that is worldly, sinful and impure. If she fails to do this, and becomes formal and cold-bearted, her arm for good will become palsied and her glory depart. In that degree that she lays asidft her holy seriousness, in the same degree, she not only dishonors her Lord, but loses her hold en the confidence of men.—-Star and Crown. It is with pleasure that we take the above from the Star and Grown and present it to our readers as a thoughtful and careful admonition. It is in the interest of the church and we will say of the church militant which must keep up an aggressive warfare against the sins of the world. It is an interest of right over wrong in which the witnesses of God arise to teach men to walk and work in practical righteousness, through which is to come the salvation of the race. Any manifestation which awakens us to more active duty, that stimulates care and sympathy for all our fellow men, is the inspiration of God which will sustain us through all trials, and direct us to that home eternal in the heavens. The church of Christ has a mission, indeed, of life and light to perform which may not be deferred. It is a duty which carries with it weighty responsi- bilities. 'I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day,' said Jesus, for 'the night cometh, when no man can work.' If the church would have power over the world, it must be an honest representative of the divine Teacher. The work is clearly defined ; there is not the shadow of mystery. 'Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven. ' There must be light and by this light will be seen the pure in heart, the spirit of peace and the anxiety for righteousness. The church can have no influence for direct good, if it condescends to walk with the world. Wherever this is done, in the least degree, the church becomes crippled, loses its spiritual power and suffers, in its fulness, the penalty which the transgression inflicts. Kighteousness and unrighteousness cannot be expected to harmonize, and the attempt to reconcile both in one mind will always prove a failure. The apostle has left for our careful consideration this wise remark.—To be spiritually 18 THE MANIFp;STO. minded is life and peace, but to be car- nally minded is death. In this the church has its course so carefully laid out that there can be no need of failure, if the plan is carefully regarded.