THE FOUR DISPENSATIONS ELDER JOSEPH MEACHAM First Dispensation. We helieve that the first light of salvation was given or made known to the patriarchs by promise ; and they that believed in the promise of Christ, and were obedient to the command of God made known unto them, were the people of God and were accepted of God, as righteous, or perfect in their generations ; according to the measure of light and truth manifested unto them ; which was as waters to the ankles, signified by Ezekiel's vision of the holy waters. (Chap, xlvii.) And although they could not receive regeneration, or the fullness of salvation from the fleshly nature in this life ; because the fullness of time was not yet come, that they should receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit and fire ; for the destruction of the body of sin, and purification of the soul. Abram being called and chosen of God as the father of the faithful; was received into covenant relation with God by promise ; that in him, (and his seed which was Christ,) all the families of the earth should be blessed ; and these earthly blessings which were prom- ised to Abram, were a shadow of gosptl or spiritual blessings to come. So that Abram, though in the full faith of the promise ; yet, as he did sot receive the substance of the thing promised, his hope of eternal salvation was in Christ, by the gospel to be attained in the resurrection from the dead. Second Dispensation. The second dispensation was the law THE MANIFESTO. that was given of God to Israel, by the hand of Moses ; which was a further manifestation of that salvation which was promised through Christ by the gospel, both in the order and ordinances which were instituted and given to Israel, as the church and people of God, according to that dispensation ; which was as waters to the knees, (Ezekiel, xlvii,) by which they were distinguished from all the families of the earth. For, while they were strictly obedient to all the commands, ordinances and statutes that God gave them, they were approbated of God according to the promise of life ; and blessing was promised unto them in the line of obedience, cursing and death in disobedience ; for God, who is ever jealous for the honor and glory of his own great name, always dealt with them according to his word ; for while they were obedient to the command of God, and purged out sin from .amongst them, God was with them. But when they disobeyed the command of God, and committed sin, and became like other people, the hand of the Lord was turned against them ; and those evils came upon them which God had threatened; so we see that they who were wholly obedient to the will of God made known in that dispensation, were accepted as just or righteous ; yet, as the dispensation was short, they did not attain that salvation which was promised in the gospel; so that as it respected the new-birth, or real purification of the man from all sin ; the law made nothing perfect, but was a shadow of good things to come ; their only hope of eternal redemption was in the promise of Christ, by the gospel to be attained in the resurrection from the dead. Acts, xxvi., 6, 7. Third Dispensation. The third dispensation was the gospel of Christ's first appearance, in the flesh ; and that salvation which took place in consequence of his life, death, resurrection and ascension at the right hand of the Father, being accepted in his obedience, as the first-born among many brethren ; he received power and authority to administer the power of the resurrection and eternal judgment to all the children of men; so that he has become the author of salvation to all that obey him. And as Christ has this power in himself, he did administer power and authority to his church at the day of pentecost, as his .body ; with all the gifts that he had promised them, which was the first gift of the Holy Spirit as an indwelling comforter to abide with them forever ; and by which they were baptized into Christ's death ; death to all sin ; and were in the hope of the resurrection from the dead, through the operation of the power of God, which wrought in them. And as they received the substance of the promise of Christ come in the flesh, by the gift and power of the Holy Spirit : they had power to preach the gospel in Christ's name to every creature,— and to administer the power of God to as many as believed, and were obedient to the gospel which they preached ; and also to remit and retain sin in the name and authority of Christ on earth. So that they who believed in the gospel, and were obedient to that form of doctrine which was taught them, by denying all ungodliness and worldly lusts ; and became entirely dead to the law by the body of Christ, or power of the Holy Spirit were in the travel of 2 THE MANIFESTO. the resurrection from the dead, or the redemption of the body. So that they who took up a full cross against the world, flesh and devil; and who forsook all for Christ's sake, and followed him in the regeneration, by persevering in that line of obedience to the end, found the resurrection from the dead and eternal salvation in that dispensation. But as the measure ot that dispensation was only as water to the loins ; the mystery of God was not finished, but there was another day prophesied of, called the second appearance of Christ. or final and last display of God's grace to a lost world, in which the mystery of God should be finished as he has spoken by his prophets since the world b jgan ; which day could not come, except there was a falling away from that faith and power that the church then stood in ; in which time anti-christ was to have his reign, whom Christ should destroy with the spirit of his mouth and brightness of his appearance ; which falling away began soon after the apostles, and gradually increased in the church, until about four hundred and fifty-seven years from Christ's birth (or thereabouts) at which time the power of the holy people, or church of Christ was scattered or lost by reason of transgression ; and antichrist or false religion got to be established. Since that time the witnesses of Christ have prophesied in sackcloth or under darkness; although many have been faithful to testify against sin, even to the laying down of their lives for the testimony which they held ; so that God accepted them in their obedience, while they were faithful and just to live or walk to the measure of light and truth of God, revealed or made known unto them, but as it is written, All they that will live godly in Christ Jesus, shall suffer persecution ; and so it has been, and those faithful witnesses lost their lives by those falsely called the church of Christ, which is anti-christ; for the true church of Christ never persecuted any, but were inoffensive, harmless, separate from sin ; for the true church of Christ by taking up their cross against the world, flesh and devil, and all sin, living in obedience to God they earnestly contend for the same. Therefore it may be plainly seen and known, where the true church of Christ is ; but as it is written, anti-christs or false churches should prevail against the saints and overcome them, before Christ's second appearance. (To be Continued )