Correspondence Pleasant Hill, Ky. Oct. 1885 Dear Brothek ;—Enclosed, please find draft on New York for amount of subscription to the Manifesto by the Society at Pleasant Hill, Ky., for the current year, which we hope may reach you in safety. We hope it may aid in the good cause, to keep the bright banner of Truth waving, as hitherto, as a beacon light, with increasing effulgence, before a benighted world, and lead them in the paths of Wisdom,—which are peace and pleasantness to the Fountain of all good—Eternal Life—vuerethe sin-sick, sin-forsaking, upright souls, can be freed from the bondage of sin, and find peace and rest, and dwell together in the unity of the spirit and in the bonds of peace. And may that true light so shine as to penetrate the mist of darkness that broods over a slumbering and sinful world, and minister that word 'which is quick and powerful, sharper than any two-edged sword ;' and awaken and carry conviction into the hearts of the lovers and partakers of sin and pleasures; and kindle that fire that shall burn as an oven, and lay bare the fountains of iniqtiity that corrupt the world, and fill the earth with violence, ' that all the proud, yea all that do wickedly,' may be consumed as stubble, that it may leave them neither root nor branch in their sinful life, ' For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven, against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness.' Professing to have the truth of salvation from sin, while living in sin. All unrighteousness is sin, and sin when it is finished bringeth forth death. The soul that sinneth it shall die. O ! the deceitfulness of the father of lies ; to blind and deceive poor lost mortals in such manner, that they can lay the nattering unction to their souls, that they can be saved in their sins. If they remain in their sins they are not saved from sin, then what are they saved from ? But the voice of God to the fallen race in mercy is, ' Cleanse your hands, ye sinners, and purify your hearts, ye double minded, and turn to the Lord and he will have mercy upon you, and to our God for he will abundantly pardon.' This will bring salvation from sin, and give peace and rest to the soul. This standard is raised, a refuge for the weary travelers and sin-sick souls to find peace and rest. And may the Herald of truth spread the tidings, to the ends of the earth, and the light continue to glow with increasing splendor, a id the fire to burn more fervently and sume the dross, till 'the earth sh tl &gt;e filled with the knowledge of the glorv of the Lord, as the waters cover the s a. ' B. B. Dunlavy West Pittsfield, Mass. Dec. 1885 Our esteemed Manifesto :—We have often wished, for months past, to greet you with encouraging expressions ; but for reasons (we do not like to tell you just yet,) we have failed to respond to our promptings. There is an adage, something like this, that 'Manas he grows older, grows wiser and better. ' This is true in some cases with both men and women. But we are about to adapt this saying to you THE MANIFESTO. 11 dear Manifesto, thinking it can well be applied. You come to us every month promptly, and every time laden with something worthy our thought, consideration and attention. We find you maintaining the beautiful spirit of humility and peace. This spirit, we realize, every religious reader is pleased with and will recommend. We would like here to notice, and make mention of the many good and spiritually inspiring articles you have given us within the year from dear Brethren and Sisters, as well as worthy selec- tions from other auth . Here is an opportunity for sacrifice, and we must try and be brief, knowing your love and necessity for this element,—brevity. We cannot do much but render praise, and our hearty thanks to your contributors both aged and youth—all who have worked in the least for yovir and our interest, and in behalf of those who do not understand the 'Way. ' Your testimony has been calculated to point to religion 'pure and undefiled,' full ol heavenly virtue. In Feb. No. (1885) Sister N. G. Danforth describes the ' Way, the Truth and the Life ;'' and then says, ' in this way we crucify self. ' When this is accomplished we have no inclination to follow any other course. Then shall we be filled with all the fullness of love, and inherit the reward of sweet peace when we have come to our heavenly Parentage not by believing merely, but by actually living, the 'Way, the Truth and the Life. ' The intelligent mind can see how that by cultivating the higher and more spiritual part of the garden of the soul, the noxious and foul weeds must wither and die out. These latter, Jesus said, 'The Father hath not planted. ' All may be sure then that He will never recoguize or tolerate them. We must just mention those wise sayings occasionally inserted by our well tried sister H. H. ' Such as abide in the light, no power can harm them. ' And then those verses and short poems by dear sister M. W. so often filling up your spaces give evidence and manifest the interest and soul activity of such as have lived ' unspotted before the world.' It is good for us to contemplate how these have made themselves white by coming up through tribulation and risen above the 'earth earthy,' by living the 'pure virgin life.' Others we would like to notice who have added to your wealth and ornament for the special benefit and better understanding of your readers, of the Way and the Life of principles which hold the saving power. Now dear Manifesto we dare not, must not, will not fail of accepting the ' Good Word' you have brought from time to time ; for in this we have a surety of being partakers of the 'Powers of the world to come.' We will not engage your attention but a few moments more. We have perused all your 'Notes' with pleasure and pronounced them good and for the interest of the people of all lands. Time has passed away so swiftly that we cannot recall your age, but we know you are somewhat advanced in years, possibly you will tell us sometime how old you are, at least how old you 'think you are.' The passing year and your labors and kindly visits during its continuance are nearing the end ; we again say, thanks for all your toil. And we wish that the New Year so close at hand may open 12 THE MANIFESTO. upon you and all Christian co-workers with manifold blessings. May they have clear vision and behold the prospect of the glorious reward promised to such as endure and prove faithful to the end. Kindly adieu, Betsey Johnson London, England, Sept. 1885 Dear Elbee Evans :—I have read the three years' numbers of the 'Shaker and Shakeress' you so kindly sent me, and cannot help expressing how agreeably surprised I was to find in its pages so much in accordance with my own, and my wife's views. I have been much blest in my soul in its perusal. Many of the sentiments contained therein we can fully indorse ; and it is difficult to specialize any one article, as the best one, for the unity and harmony of the writers are all of a price. They speak one pure language ; which I believe is ultimately to be the language of the race—the universal Fatherhood and Motherhood of God, and the Brotherhood of Man. Admitting of course the law of growth from the lower kingdoms up to the perfected earthly one, and from thence into the Kingdom of our Lord Jesus Christ; 'where they neither marry nor are given in marriage but are as the angels of God.' We have been both delighted with the experiences of different Brothers and Sisters who have been so many years in Shaker Communities, many of them of an advanced age. Bless God they were ever brought into his kingdom on earth. Such blessed testimonies speak for themselves and send a thrill of joy to the responsive heart of those in the world who have not yet found a true home among true kindred spirits. Ourselves pant for a fellowship that we cannot find in the churches of today. O how empty are the professions of all man made creeds ; there is no room for the soul to grow, you dare not express your thoughts, you are cramped and stunted at every turn. There is no freedom for the spirit to work, or evolve a new thought, the mouth of inspiration is closed, new revelations are not allowed in the churches. I find by the ' Shaker and Shakeress' that true inspiration is encouraged and truth from any source is acceptable whether manifested by the saviors of the past, or by those of our times through whom Christ, the spirit, makes known the will of God to men. Jesus said, on this rock, namely, Christ the Spirit, will I build my Church, against which the gates of all the hells shall not prevail. I feel 1 could say a good deal on this subject but forbear at present. My wife joins me in love to you and to all the dear Brethren and Sisters. I remain yours respectfully P. B. Alsop West Gloucester, Me. Dec. 1885 Dear Readers, of our Excellent Magazine, The Manifesto:—In this world, a little time is alloted us, in which we may do good to others and prepare ourselves, for the unseen fu- ture 'The Beautiful Beyond.' Each of us have a mission here, to fulfill, therefore I feel anxious to '' D© what good I can with care, ' and as little harm as possible. Wherever I see an opening for religious conversation I love to step in THE MANIFESTO. 13 and be a hearer of the word, and, hearing I would also be a doer of the work. The human mind is something wonderful ! In it is a broad field of thought, of labor. Our Magazine may be likened to a field of grain ; we sometimes find in the farmer's field, several kinds of cereals sown, Wheat, Rye, Barley, Oats, and perhaps Buckwheat, (all good and wholesome) all growing in one great field. Each, goes to sustain life, the physical, so in our Manifesto, we find beautiful gems of thought and precious grains of truth, purity and love and each is a lesson in and of itself, to be learned, by the wise and prudent. Here also we find the names of our Brethren and Sisters, who are fervent in spirit and who are to day, building their houses, not upon the sands of time, but, upon the everlasting rock, the rock of ages. Let the rains descend, and let the floods beat against houses like these, and they will stand unmoved and unmarred through time and through all eternity. Who shall say that Shakerism is a thing of the past, and is fast dying out ? Not I ! It is not in my heart, and may I never be left to utter words like these. I firmly believe if we who are already called, should dwindle and die out Shakerism would live. Its principles are living and not dying; Life and not Death. Let us live, let us breathe in a clearer, purer atmosphere, keeping alive o'ur good faith, by corresponding works of righteousness. Let us not keep our lips closed, for the testimony of our good mother, must be preserved in its purity and sweetness. How shall it be done? If these shall hold their peace, the very stones will cry out against them, (said one anciently. ) Will it not be said of us, if we keep silent? In this Book of ours, I find still other names, those whose names are registered in the Heaven's, 'The Lamb's Book of Life, ' and while I read the sacred records which they left, let me not read them, as I would, some 'old, old story, ' which perhaps might please and interest for the moment; nay I would read with care and thoughtfulness, with deep concern, and a desire to be profited thereby. I would compare my life with their lives, my sacrifices with their consecrations, my religion, with the religion which they taught and which they as earnestly lived. These have passed from death unto life, they have gone up higher to enjoy the sweets of immortality, the fruits of their labor. To these dear ones has come the harvest time; they are reaping those golden grains, to which we refer sometimes in our beautiful songs. Let us hold their names in loving remembrance, and emulate their glorious example. I am reminded just here of another little Book, very precious to most of us, we could not well do without it. It is the book of memory. Let us turn back some of the leaves and carefully read those well filled pages, they tell us of wonderful things. We read that about the year 1840 and 41, there was a revival of tru-3 religion, in the Shaker Churches, throughout the land. The angels of the Lord came down and great power was manifest (many were blest with heavenly visions, prior to this time) but now came something greater, a baptism of the Holy Spirit and fire. It was then I received this heavenly baptism. One by one I confessed my sins, as 1 committed them and this I did 14 THE MANIFESTO. without making any reserve. Full well did I know then as now, that the Ananias • and Sapphira, spirit, could not, would not prosper. I wanted no part nor lot in it. I aspired only to be a true heir to a gospel inheritance, a child of God. How glad I am that I began this work, early in life and gave my heart to God. The little sacrifices I have made from time to time, are but small when compared with the blessings I have received,—the blessings of a Gospel Parentage. Dear Friends, I believe in inspiration. The inspiration of to day, which leads good men and women to do noble deeds of love ; to speak words of truth, which the world hath no power to gainsay. These are the able workers of our time. They speak out and tell the people, what are the crying evils in our land; the secret abominations, that bring down the judgments of God, upon the people. These men and these women are called of the Lord. They are the servants of the Most High, and this is their work, none others can do it as effectually as they. Blessed, yea thrice blessed are all such. Go on dear friends, friends in the cause of right. Friends to our glorious institution, go on, and may the Lord sustain you, and his right arm of power be your support. The world needs you, every one. Ye are workers in the Master's great field, and each will receive a just reward, at the harvest time. Life is short. Let us dear gospel friends, do our work faithfully, cheerfully and keep our identity ; that by the lives we live, the dress we wear, and the language we speak, we may be a ' Light to the world,' (not hidden under a bushel) but a shining light which will never go down, but will grow brighter and brighter unto the perfect day. 80 will our fathers and our mothers bless us and we shall become a strong people, whose God is the Lord, and it shall not be heard in all Israel, ' Shakerism is a thing of the past and is fast dying out, ' but those who are known as Shakers, will live in the hearts of the people, a praise in the Earth a glory in all the Land, while their names will appear in the u Book of Life,' wrought in letters of Gold. Mary A. Gillespie