SUNSET. HARRIET A. JOHNS, One evening on silently watching the sun as it slowly descended behind the western hills, I was deeply impressed with the grandeur of the scene. The western sky was as a sea of fire while all things in nature illumined by its brightness seemed to bespeak the perfectness of the Master workman. Its diverging rays as they passed through the soft fleecy clouds gave to each a different hue and while these floated leis- urely by each other the colors constantly changed yet the beauty of a harmonious blending was gorgeous indeed. The birds meantime were singing their evening praises, while the soft breathings of the zephyr I fancied to be in such close communion with their Maker as to repeat the injunction of our Lord and Savior: 'Be ye therefore perfect even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect. ' The sun having lighted this part of our globe was about to shed its cheering beams upon another portion of God's vast handiwork. As my eyes lingered on the loveliness of nature my thoughts reverted to the time, referred to in the Bible when the morning stars sang together. The constant recurrence of the seasons, the unchanging character of all that God has made in nature is proof positive that there must be a Supreme Being who cares for the uufoldment and highest good of all his works, and that I even I am one of those upon whom his rain descends and his sun shines and I asked myself, in whose or in what service am I giving the powers which God had assigned for me to use? Am I living and simply caring for those things which perish with the using and laying up my treasure where moth and rust doth corrupt and where thieves break through and steal ? Of this manner cf living I have been duly instructed, and if I have turned my attention to seeking first of all things the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness and if my Brethren and Sisters are the angels of that heaven then I should be exercised in their good, should always be giving the kind word so becoming to a gospel companion, always be trying to cheer the weary and more heavily burdened. In this way, toiling with hands and heart I shall gain the treasure which will be as food and clothing in the eternal realms. Ah the moral lesson which I seem to draw from the sunset is perpetual constancy and faithfulness. Life is made up of littles, and our duties only come one by one, thus there seems no excuse for me to refuse any duty or sacrifice. The Savior having so plainly marked out the way for all to pursue who will be his disciples, my heart breathes the prayer that as I give my hands to the execution of life's duties I may be clothed and inspired with the spirit of divine love, goodness and mercy. That my life may draw others to glorify our Father in heaven, even as the glorious sunset changed my thought and filled my mind with love and adoration to God the author of such wondrous beauty. Canterbury, N. H.