CHRISTIANIZED CHRISTIANlTY. Reading an article a short time since in one of the leading magazines of the country I came to this passage ; 'There is really great reason to hope that Christianity can be christianized.' What a commentary on the Christianity of the day, the Christianity which claims to be the outcome of the teachings of the pure founder of pure Christianity. And how is this Christianity of to-day to be christianized ? Must it not be by returning to the path from which all of the so-called Christian churches have strayed? Jesus Christ did not found a church of stately ceremonial, of pealing anthem, of waving censer, of floating incense ; but his church was established in the hearts and lives of mankind, a church of good works, of living fruitage. What church is there existing today which teaches and practices the Christianity of the Savior? the Christianity which was exemplified in celibacy, in community of goods, in leaving to ' Caesar the things which are' his, and giving to God the life and all things which are His ? I know of none except the Shaker church. I do not mean to say that theoretically Christianity is not taught, it is, but it is not lived even by its teachers, and were members of any so-called Christian church, of any denomination to live strictly and faithfully according to the teachings of Jesus which these churches profess to follow, they would be looked upon just as we Shakers are, as 'la peculiar people.' The churches, like the nations, have become corrupted through pride, the pride of power and wealth. In the world how often is the expression heard, such and such churches are wealthy churches ; and when that is the case with any church its Christianity is of the kind that needs christianizing. Even that plain, simple church and people, the Quakers, have nearly become extinct; and why? because Quaker and moneymaker came to be nearly synonymous terms. Assimilating with the world, lowering the standard of Christian practice to meet the tone of modern morality and the religious tendencies of the day will weaken and corrupt any .church. Therefore let us as Shakers, as followers in actual, daily life of the teachings of the Master, as practical exemplars of those teachings, show to the world thai 4a there is one church which does not need to 'be christianized,' because it is a church which is Christian in the highest and best sense, Christian in its faith, in its teachings, in its life ; that its Christianity is a living, working one, not one of mere form and ceremony and profession. May we keep the faith in its purity, may our lives yield plain and undoubted evidence that we are what we claim to be, so that ' he who runs may read.' May we not only keep the faith and live it, taking no step backwards, faltering not, and yielding not one iota of principle or practice, but may we 'Lift the standard higher up,' for ' Whoever bears the standard high With purpose loyal to its name, Can every principle defy, Which would a Christian's honor stain.'' A. Canterbury, N. H.