TESTIMONY OF HANNAH COGSWELL. I received faith in the present testimony of the gospel in the fore part of January, 1781. I was then in my eighteenth year. I went to Watervliet to visit Mother and the Elders, and was received into their family. I lived and lodged in the room with Mother Ann more than four mouths. She taught me to confess and repent of my sins, and take up a daily cross against my carnal nature. In obedience to her teaching I have found salvation and have ' escaped the pollutions that are i:-: the world through lust. ' Mother left Watervliet, N. Y. and set out on her journey for Harvard the first day of June following. I remained there till the twentieth of November, and then came to New Lebanon, N. Y. to live. While Mother remained with us, she visited many places where her testimony had been received, at some of which she spent considerable time, particularly at Harvard and Ashfield. I visited her in every place where she tarried any length of time, and I ever found her a perfect pattern of godliness, both in word and deed. Her soul was filled with the power and gift of God, and her testimony against sin was as a sharp two-edged sword ; yet she was meek and merciful, kind and charitable, always ready to comfort the afflicted and help the needy. I have been with her in times ol persecution, and have repeatedly witnessed the wounds and bruises which she received from the hands of her wicked persecutors, who hated her for the testimony which she bore. She was truly, ' a woman of sorrows, and acquainted with grief. ' I feel confident that in point, of suffering and persecution, sorrow and cries to God, day and night. for the salvation of lost souls, she came the nearest to the Lord Jesus Christ of any woman on earth. I know from personal acquaintance that she was a very temperate woman in all things ; and she taught the same to others. I can testify with confidence that, in obedience to her precepts, I have been kept from sin and from all manner of wickedness. This blessed power of God which was in Christ Jesus, I received through Mother Ann. Can it be possible that so much virtue and goodness, justice aud truth, as we have truly found in her. ever pioceeded from a corrupt fountain? All the false accusations and slanderous reports that have been spread abroad in the world, cannot injure Mother Ann, nor destroy her testimony. And though they may deceive and impose upon the understanding of strangers, yet they cannot alter the feelings of any of her faithful followers, who know the truth by personal acquaintance and actual experience. Is it not very singular that those who had very-little, if any personal acquaintance with her, and some too, who perhaps never saw her, except when they came with mobs to persecute her, should pretend to know so much more about her than those who were with her day and night, and knew all her proceedings, and who can confidently say, in the truth and sincerity of their hearts, that they never found any evil in her? Can rational people be led to believe that we were such dupes and idiots, as to be incapable of knowing whether the abominations alleged against Mother and the Elders were true or false, when we had so fair an opportunity ? Will they suppose that we were so blinded by delusion and fanaticism that we could not have seen, if any thing of the kind had been transacted? The truth is, we were not blinded nor deceived. Mother Ann's testimony was keen enough against every wicked thing to keep us on our watch ; and had she been guilty of those sins, it would have destroyed our confidence in her at once. I have not been led blindfold by a vain imagination these forty-five years past. I know by the revelation of God in my own soul, that Mother was the Lord's anointed, and that Christ really began his second appearance in her, and dwelt in her, and that her body was a temple for the Holy Spirit. 1 Cor. vi., 19. However incredible this may appear to an unbelieving world, we know that we are not left in darkness and doubt concerning these things ; they are as clear and certain to us as the light of the sun. Here we find the promise of Christ verified : ' He that followeth me shall not walk in darkness.' Jno. viii, 12. I know of a certainty, that Mother Ann had the gift of prophecy and the revelation of God, by which she was able to search the hearts of those who came to see her ; for I have myself been an eye witness of it. I have known some to come to her under a cloak of deception, thinking to conceal their sins in her presence ; and I have seen her expose them by the searching power of truth, and set their sins before them; so that they have been constrained to confess, with guilt and shame, that she had told them the truth, and to acknowledge that the light and revelation of God was in her. I can say with the apostle Paul, ' I speak forth the words of truth aud soberness;' my eyes have seen and my ears have heard what I have stated : it is no vain imagination. By obedience to the testimony of the gospel, which I received from Mother Ann and the Elders who stood with her, I have found salvation from sin ; and this feels more precious to me than all created things. Why then should I hold my peace? I am not ashamed to acknowledge Mother Ann as my mother in Christ. I know ^he lived a pure and sinless life. I know that she loved righteousness and hated iniquity ; and I can hear witness that her soul abounded in goodness and love ; and that she was able to minister the same to others, as I have seen and felt it in numberless instances. I know that the spirit of Christ was formed in her; aud I have ever found the same spirit in all her faithful followers. I have been well acquainted with all her successors in the Ministry, and I have always found in them the same godly example, and the same Christ-like spirit. I feel a firm and unshaken confidence that, in obedience to her precepts, they follow her as she followed Christ. Under their ministration, and in obedience to this gospel, I feel my faith established and my soul resting on a sure foundation, against which the tongue of slander and the gates of hell can never prevail. To the truth of these things I can freely bear witness in the presence of God and before all men. I express my feelings with -i heart of thankfulness and gratitude to God for such a privilege. Under his divine blessing and protection I leave this testimony, for the benefit of all who love the truth. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.