NOTES. THE GIFT OF INSPIRATION. Whatever might have been the influences that operated upon the minds of men in an earlier age of the world, in leading them to write and speak of God and his government among the nations, some have been pleased to recognize it as a divine inspiration, a special, plenary gift which directed them into this particular channel of thought and action. Beautiful privileges are said to have been conferred upon man, of which the present age can see only the shadow or at best hear only the faintest echo. Men walked with God in the evening of the day, and conversed with him face to face, as a man converseth with his friend. On the other hand men were enslaved, imprisoned and deprived of life through manifestation of the same gift of inspiration. The food they ate, the garments they wore as well as a large share of their domestic arrangements came under this same spiritual guidance. A wonderful, mysterious age and unfortunately for us, we can obtain but little satisfaction through which to pursue our investigation. Like the thousand and one things that present themselves for examination we are unable to sit in conference with those to whom this gift is attributed, and can only conjecture what may have been the state of mind of those who were engaged as writers, speakers or actors in either sacred or profane history. Peter, the apostle, in referring to the biblical prophecies of an earlier age, informs us that they wert. not given by the will of man, 'but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Spirit. ' ' Holy men of God. ' These have been considered as a privileged class, who under the inspiration of the holy Spirit have written for our reproof and correction and instruction in righteousness. All scripture written under the influence of so good a ministration from the holy spirit must indeed, lead to a life of holiness. In the Christian church the Brethren and Sisters were urged to so live that they might be able to occupy a corresponding relation to the gifts of the spirit. ' Know ye not that ye are the temples of God and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you?' All that might have been spoken or written by a class of men or women in whom the spirit of God dwelt, as was remarked by the apostle, must have been of a high order of inspiration and well worthy the acceptance of those who would walk in the light. These holy men of God evidently accepted the advanced truths and warned the nation of the inevitable destruction that would overtake them if they failed to become established in righteousness. It could have been nothing less than the THE TERMS. influence of the holy spirit operating upon the conscience, that would raise men and women above the common level of the world, and infuse into their souls that light and zeal, which gave them a confidence to condemn their own fellow men, for the sins of unrighteousness which were becoming so universal in the nation. Among these divinely inspired teachers, who did not hesitate to instruct, to warn and to admonish ; Moses stands pre-eminent. The early age in which lie lived and the order of civilization that then was, should always be duly considered, especially if we attempt to coutrast the influence of the religion of that age with the present. Very little direct reference is made to the subject of inspiration in the Scriptures. Only two passages contain that important word. One is found in Job and the other in Timothy, but in the revision of the Bible, even these have been thrown out, so that the theory of a plenary inspiration in the recording of all the cruelties and barbarities and unwonted atrocities of a semi-barbarous age has largely faded away from our former source of authority. Our present definition of the term, however, is all that could be wanted and covers the whole ground for any need of a past or present age. Inspiration in a well ordered mind is ' a divine influence by which men and women are qualified to communicate moral or religious truths with authority.' It would be a sad comment on the age, if among the moral and religious teachers, none could be found authorized to act in that office. They might well return to the days of the Arab poet and learn of him. ' There is a spirit in man and the breath or the inspiration of the Almighty giveth him understanding. ' rJ he gift of a special inspiration is accorded to the writer of this very peculiar work, in which figures some questionable characters, to complete a very questionable story. The enjoyment of a divine influence, which is the inspiration of the soul, and the minister of God's love to man, is certainly a treasure much to be desired. Receiving the breath of the Almighty, how can man be otherwise, while he is a living soul, than a subject of inspiration. Christians must admit that Christ was the fullness of inspiration, and that his testimony was the very spirit of prophecy, which gave him divine authority to teach moral and religious truths, and the sons and daughters of God in whom Christ dwells, must share in that same inspiration and be able to teach or write the principles of righteousness with a 'confidence before God.' '