MISS ANTHONY'S FIRST SPEECH. A Pittsburg Dispatch correspondent, indulging in reminiscenses, says: The first woman who ever made a speech at a teacher's convention was Susan B. Anthony. She was a teacher in Rochester, N. Y.. and after listening for hours to a discussion as to why the teacher's profession was not so highly respected as that of the preacher, the lawyer or doctor, without (as she thought) touching the root of the matter, the young Quaker girl rose to her feet and said, 'Mr. President.' This simple expression threw the entire convention into a state of utter consternation. The officers for a time were paralyzed with horror and amazement. Finally the president got his wits sufficiently together to tremulously and mockingly inquire ; ' What will the lady have? ' ' I wish to speak to the. question under discussion,' replied Miss Anthony. And then and there were hurryings to and fro. The frightened men flew aroun .1 to consult each other and decide what to do. The women constituted a universal blush at her boldness. Finally a man got over his fright sufficiently to move that the lady be heard. This motion was discussed pro and con for half an hour or more. It was then decided that the women should have no vote on the matter and the question was settled by the men alone, who, by a small majority, allowed Miss Anthony to speak. The embarrassment of a young girl may be imagined under the circumstances : but Susan stood her ground and courageously and deliberately hit the nail on the head by telling them that as long as women, were considered not to have brains enough to become preachers, lawyers and doctors, but only enough to be teachers, every man who entered the profession of teaching tacitly acknowledged he had no more brains than a woman; and, moreover, the reason why teaching is less lucrative is because of. the cheap labor of women. So, gentlemen, if you want to do away with the disrespect of which you complain, and exalt your profession, you will have to exalt your co-worKers and demand for them fair play and better pay, or words to that effect. Exchange.