EXPERIENCE. NANCY G. DANFORTH. Being blest in childhood with praying parents, I was early impressed with a sense of right and wrong, also the need of strength beyond myself to enable me to resist evil desires and to live aright. Many places in my quiet home, could they speak, would bear witness to earnest prayers offered even when a child of not more than six years, and up to the age of seventeen, when after relating my spiritual exercises in presence of the elders of the church, 1 was judged worthy of membership with that body. Accordingly I was baptized, and joined the denomination of Free-will Baptists. Notwithstanding being held in union b)r that church and striving to obey its teachings ; still I did not rind that salva- tion which my soul desired. Thus passed six years amidst hopes and fears, with many prayers and cries to God for some way of deliverance from the reigning power of a sinful nature. About this time, when hope had nearly given way to despair and life was becoming a burden, I decided upon a visit to the Shakers in Canterbury. Being, through false reports, to some degree prejudiced against the people, I closely scrutinized all that I saw or heard. I soon found there was a testimony here which, if obeyed would save the soul from sin and give power to overcome all evil temptations and desires. This gospel testimony calls for an honest confession and repentance of every known sin ; it requires a life of love and peace ; purity of heart in all things. It is in this way that I have been striving to live for nearly forty years, and find that the closer I maintain these precious Godgiven principles, the more real happiness I enjoy. Life is no longer a burden, but all too short to accomplish the good I desire to do. Neither do I look into the future with dread forebodings of what may be hereafter. I have to-day in which to do good ; to bless all the virtue I see in others ; and where any wrong is manifested, to pray that this gospel of love, may eventually so light the dark places that error may be forever banished from the soul. Surrounded by those I love, who are striving for the same end, why should 1 not be happy and rejoice ? Canterbury, N. H.