THE COST OF MONEY. [Contributed by Elder F. W. Evans.] A good many shallow and improvident people rail at persons of substance for being so cautious in the expenditure of money. When a man or woman of means exercises judgment in purchases so as to secure the worth of their money, it is attributed to stinginess, and if they head a subscription with $100 the foolish spendthrift makes an outcry because it is not $1,000. The difference is not so often in liberal dispositions between these two classes of people as it is in sense. The prudent persons have a realizing sense of the value of money because they know that it invariably represents hard labor somewhere. The fools talk and act as if it fell like the dew from Heaven. The prudent are governed in their outlays by considerations which embrace the future as well as the present, and they recognize a wide range of obligations and responsibilities in the distribution of a fund which always means the sweat and travail of anxious toil. The shallow pates throw money away as recklessly as if it were mere sand and pebbles, and when they have exhausted their store, usually levy tribute on the prudent and self-denying. They scorn the idea of judicious deliberation in their expenditures, but they rarely exhibit any pride when it comes to draining those who have displayed more sense and self-restraint. The so called ' stingy ' people don't leave their families unprovided for, if they have families who can be managed at all, and they don't leave unsettled debts. Their books always balance. They can help in private and public concern when they see fit to do so, and they are never found in the lists of bankrupts. It will generally prove to be the case that their imputed parsimony is only abstinence from extravagant pleasures and.useless besides injurious luxuries. They do not cast quarters and half dollars loosely about because they know them to be component parts of a dollar, but when substantial sums are needed for building purposes and other enterprises on a scale of magnitude, the accumulated quarters and half dollars which they have saved enables them to carry out respectable plans and consummate some useful ambition. Whenever you hear some silly rattlepate of either sex denouncing any 'ne as ' stingy' you are pretty safe in deciding that the person denounced has substantial and admirable qualities in comparison with the vaunting spendthrift who has no conception of the significance and cost of money Pittsburg Chronicle Telegraph.