The Pansy, for February, is filled with stories of interest and with many beautiful illustrations. ' The last opportunity. ' ' Six o'clock in the Evening, and ' Reaching Out,' are valuable in the education of children and youth. Pub., bv D. Lothrop and Co., Boston, Mass. $1. a year. A PHRENOLOGICAL CALENDAR FOR 1886. The popularity of special Calendars has been fully established, and we have here something entirely new, in the form of a Phrenological Calendar. It consists of a Pictorial, Symbolical, Phrenological Head about 6 by 10 inches, beautifully lithographed in colors, on heavy card-board, which is cut out in the shape of a head and face. A key to the Phrenological faculties and a full Calendar for the year are conveniently attached to it. ' We know whereof we speak ' when we say, that in the recent flood of attractive novelties there has been nothing offered to the public equal, in actual value and proportional price, to this very unique Calendar. It is an educator. Each day the peculiarities of ftiends will be studied out, and the reasons why they are or are not 'thus and so' will be discovered, a pleasant pastime for a whole year, is offered you for a very small sum. This is the reduction of the beautiful Phrenological Chai't published by Fowler &amp; Wells Co., last year, which is sold at $1.00. For the purpose of introducing the subject, the Calendar, although about one-half the size of the original, is sold at the low price of ten cents, an amount merely intended to cover the cost of publishing. This may be sent to the publishers in postage stamps. Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 753 Broadway, New York. Hall's Journal of Health. January. Contents: Our Future; The Prayer Cure; Pneumonia; Malarial Fever; Diphtheria; Drinking Water; Cocoaine; Danger of Food and Drink; Fresh Water; Indigestible Food; etc., etc. $1.00 per year. Office 75 and 77 Barclay St. N. Y. The Hekald of Health. January. Contents. How to strengthen the Memory; Temperance Physiology ; Microbes and Disease; Health Habits of S. S. Packard; Eating too Little; The MnidCure; Prevention of Pneumonia; Studies in Hygiene for Women; etc., etc. $1. per year. Dr. M. L. Holbrook, 13 and 15 Laight St., N. Y. Aiden's Cyclopedia of Universal Literature. This work is the outcome of many years of planning and preparation. It will be an almost indispensable work of reference for every library, large or small, a trustworthy guide to what is most worth knowing of the literature of all ages and all nations. Occupying a dozen or more volumes, and yet issued at a price so low as to be within the reach of all, a familiarity with its contents will constitute a liberal education to a degree that can be claimed for few other works in existence. Dr. Lossing, the eminent historian and author, says of it: ' I am strongly impressed with the great intrinsic value of the work as a popular educator in a high department of learning. The plan is admirable. Combining as it does a personal knowledge of an author with specimens of his or her best literal-} productions, gives it an inestimable power for good among the people.' The work is being publishedjin parts of 160 pages each paper covers, at the price of 15 cents, also in very handsome cloth-bound volumes, gilt tops, 480 pages for 60 cents. The parts can be exchanged for bound volumes, at any time. Four parts are now ready, also the first bound volume; volume two will be issued in a few days. The publisher's 132-page illustrated catalogue of standard books may be had for 4 cents, or condensed 16-page catalogue, free. John B. Alden, Publisher, New York; The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health. Feb. Contents. Medical Missionaries; Improve the Morals; A New Phrenology; Familiar Talks with Young Readers; The Stupidity of People; W. H. Vanderbilt; Notes from a Teacher's Diary; The Vandals and Goths and the Huns; A Magic Lamp; A Tired out People; The Faith Cures, etc., etc. Notes in Science. Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 753 Broadway, N. Y. $2. a year.