DRIFTWOOD. ADA S. CUMMINGS.] Spring has returned and with it we hear the birds warbling their sweet notes of praise, and we feel the gentle winds and warm sunshine which is indeed cheering after the long Winter's confinement. As I cast my eyes about I am struck by the beautiful scenery. Grand hills ! with their bare tops so recently covered with a robe of snow. Trees of wonderful growth and beauty. Everywhere magnificent trees ! ' Whose mighty arms : Stretch forth to shield from penetrating glare When o'er the hills the sun with sick'ning heat [air, Sends down its beams that scorch the Summer Proud in their bearings, lofty in their height!' Below the hills in view I trace a little brook bubbling over the pebbles, speeding on right joyously to join its brothers and sisters in the great ocean. It seems to be afraid of any floating driftwood that might obstruct its progress. This reminds me that there may be driftwood in my way, that would retard my progress heavenward and the question arises, am I carefully striving to remove the driftwood and press on to that rich prize I have in view? Ah ! 1 fear there are many times when the driftwood has nearly blocked up the way and it seemed impossible to push it aside but with the help of my Parents in heaven and faithful guardians on earth I have been able thus far to remove all obstacles. I feel grateful to those who have in any way aided me on my journey. In God we have trusted, and will ever depend upon his strong arm of love and tender kindness. Though erring and weak we still receive from His hand bountiful blessings and we can but realize we are under his especial care ; yet we have not been without feeling his chastening rod. Many times we have drank the bitter cup of affliction, and not longhas it been since we were boAved in deepest sorrow. We much mourned the loss of our good father Elder Otis Sawyer and may the remembrance of him who laid down his life for the cause be fresh in our minds, while we strive at all times to follow his good and pure example. As we bow beneath the rod we say 'Whom the Lord loveth He chasteneth. ' Still we will trust though we are led in the valleys of affliction or on the mountains of prosperity, for in Him we find our joy, our strength, our hope and our peace. With these thoughts ever in view I believe I shall be able to avoid the driftwood and sail on the clear brimming river till I at last shall reach that place in the house of many mansions, which those who have gone before me are preparing, and the glory that is awaiting me, I shall feel as though I would not have missed it had the way been doubly long and the driftwood more abundant. So I will still remember that: 'In God we trust. ' West Gloucester, Me.