From the Youth's Bible Class. What a beautiful exhortation of our Savior... Take ye heed watch and pray.' Mark, xiii., 33. What a beautiful exhortation of our Savior, and Avhat could better apply to the life of any one who is trying to follow Christ's example in thought, word and deed. Christ said, ' If any man take up his cross and follow me he shall have everlasting life.'' Which means life eternal in the spirit and what could we wish more than this ? and how can we live the spiritual life without watching and praying? If we do not watch we shall fall into temptation. In every act of our lives we should watch with care, that the little vices of ingratitude and disobedience may not drive from the heart of any one that which is pure and true. We do not need to wait till some great wrong has been done to feel that we should watch and pray. It is over the little acts of life, that we should set a careful guard. We cannot do a great wrong until we have first slipped in little places. Let us guard the steps of life as a good shepherd would guard his flock that none should go astray. ' Watch ye therefore for ye know not when the master of the house cometh, at even, or at midnight or in the morning, lest coming suddenly he find you sleeping.' Mark, xiii., 35, 36. We who are young must not be so careless that when the master cometh or even our friends, that they shall find us spending our time improperly but rather let us be ready and willing to be found watching and praying. Isabella Sheldon. Enfield, N. H. As it is more blessed to give... 'God loveth a cheerful giver'.' 2. Cor.ix., 7. As it is more blessed to give than to receive we should strive to give to others what we receive, cheerfully, not grudgingly, nor of necessity because all that we are able to give, in comparison to what we daily receive, is so meagre, that we should not only improve every opportunity which comes in our way but seek to benefit some one either by word or action. There are, as we all know, gifts of more value than the tangible things of this life with which we may bless each other. The treasures of a well stored mind, and a kind, courteous deportment toward all, are of far greater worth than all that may be bought or sold. Yet, how often, we defer the kind look, or the gentle word, and instead of making those around us happy, and having our own pathway fraught with blessing, we cause our friends and teachers much anxiety through our carelessness, and neglect of duty. Sometimes a kind word may cause an erring child to take a new step in the right, or perhaps develop new ideas of a religious life, while the careless words too often spoken, may cause years of sorrow. While we thiuk of all these things, let us resolve within ourselves to guard our lips more closely, that the sins of a careless life may not be ours to bring sorrow in the coming years. Mary M. Clark. Enfield, N. H.