SHOULD WE SLEEP WITH OPEN WINDOWS? This question introduces a subject upon which there is a diversity of opinion. 'I have had no bad colds since I learned to sleep with my windows open, ' remarked one gentleman to another recently. ' The only hard colds I ever suffered from were contracted by sleeping in rooms to which the night air had free access, ' replied the other. The bodily temperature sinks slightly during sleep; all the physiological functions act with diminished activity; the resistance of the economy to morbific influences is lessened proportionately. But it is also well known that at night these influences are far more potent and noxious. The air is charged with greater humidity; in unhealthy places miasmatic and malarial poisons arise to higher levels and extend with greater rapidity; the chill of damp night air is penetrating and dangerous; the emanations from organic decay are more perceptible. Against these the sleeper is less protected than in the daytime. He has divested himself of his woolen external clothing to put on cotton or linen, and lies between sheets of the same material, between which, at the tops and sides of the bed, the air gains ready access to his unprotected surface. If he is restless he renders such access yet more easy. A sudden fall of temperature at night is no unusual occurrence. In summer a thundergust, in winter a shift of the wind to the north, often reduces the temperature 10 or 20 degrees. The sleeper is unaware of this, and so remains exposed to it with no further protection than he found agreeable at the higher temperature until he awakes chilled and stiff, and feels the effects of it all day long. With these points to be considered, what rule should guide us? Certainly we need pure air by night as well as by day, and this we ought to proA'ide. If the bedroom is very small there is more danger from draughts than if it is very large. If the person is delicate and sensitive he cannot bear draughts so well as one more hardy. So there can be no fixed rule for all persons ; eacli must fix a rule for himself, only bearing in mind that fresh air is important and must be obtained in some way. The strong, and those who bathe every morning, may sleep with windows open more or less at nearly all seasons. The weak, and those who do not keep their skins healthy, may admit air by doors opening into other rooms, and by openings into the chimney for the exit of foul air. Several small openings may be made which will admit fresh air without creating a draught. A screen may be used to break the force of the current. A little ingenuity will enable every one to provide fresh air, without injury, for their sleeping apartment. The Herald of Health.