THE WAY OUT. W. A. J. BEAUCHAMP. Bi custom, by the statutes we are bound. Is this government republican? Do the people rule ? We have a national Constitution that is good enough for all, but do our representatives throw the liberal mantle of the Constitution impartially ever all? I am not a voter, and as a disinterested spectator I think I can see pretty clearly why the major portion of our race mourn under oppression while the unrelenting, iron rule of despotism appropriates the spoils of labor under laws concocted by the despoilers. THE WAY THE GAME IS FLAYED. Large sums are annually expended to support a horde of 'representatives' in each state, who waste much time in '' making laws' which the legislature find it necessary to repeal, but before the repeal the scheme has carried the design of lucre's power and influence through. THE KEMEDY. If the people, under the guarantee of the Constitution, have the right of government to the law making power, then, they are sanctioned in their right by the republican spirit of the Constitution, and if the right of rule be invested in a majority representation then are they sanctioned in their right by the original and universal spirit of Democracy, and hence, the new departure of a new amendment to the Constitution causiug every 'act' of representatives, both in Congress and in the State Legislatures to be subject to ratification 'or rejection by the people at their next general election ; and let the amendment further require that abstract copies of each legislation act be printed and by the tax assessor distributed to at least each acting magistrate whose duty it shall be to exhibit them to the several voters of his precinct, so that by the next general election every voter shall know (or have a chance to know) what the proposed acts shall be if ratified. Then the majority will constitute the actual ruling power ; and rings, big paying monopolists and caucuses will have to stand aside, for our representatives can no longer be bought, for the exclusive right of government will no longer be in the gift of the people nominally merely, but essentially and practically exercised by the people. The people have no right of complaint of misrule so long as they wilfully delegate their own franchises to public auctioneers who sell them to the highest bidders. Hastily yours for honesty and fair play. Orange, Orange Co., Texas.