From the Youths' Bible Class. Verily I say unto you... ' Verily I say unto you, inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me. ' Matt, xxv. 40. These are beautiful words spoken by our Savior. How often we should be reminded of the lesson which they teach, as it conies in our way to assist a friend, or one who is in need. We think it would prompt us to do very many kind acts and to speak many kind words, should we bear this thought in mind : ' Inasmuch as ye do it unto the least of these ye do it unto me. ' 'We sometimes hear that it is more blessed to give than to receive, ' and as we believe this to be true, we will ever strive to do the kind acts, and speak the kind word to others that I would they should give unto me. And as I refer to these beautiful words of our Savior I am reminded of the instructor s that I daily receive from dear and loved friends who have so long cared for and taught me how to live a virgin life. Edith Gould. Enfield, N. H. By their fruits ye shall.... ' By their fruits ye shall know them. Matt. vii. 20. In this way do we know from what we see around us in the physical world. We know a tree or plant by the fruit which it bears, and thus our lives are and will be known. If young persons bear in their lives the fruits of gentleness, honesty, and kindness we say of them they are striving to be pure in spirit and to live virtuous lives. I will pray that my life may bear some semblance to this fruit. I will strive to cultivate all the beautiful Christian virtues that my friends may feel that I am cherishing, carefully in mind their kind teachings. Jennie E. Loude. Enfield, N. H. How beautiful is that simple prayer... How beautiful is that simple prayer which it is said the Breton sailors are wont to utter when launching out upon the heaving ocean : 'Keep me, my God ; my boat is so small, and thy ocean is so wide ! ' Cannon Farrar says... Cannon Farrak says, ' If Christianity is to hold her own, Christians must beware of stagnant doctrines and dead theologies. Prophetic were the words of John Eobinson to the Pilgrim Fathers : ' I am persuaded of the Lord that he hath more truth to break out of Ins Scriptures. ' Theology must learn to change her line voluntarily and by her insight, and not be forced to do so only when the strangling grasp of science or criticism is at her throat. And above all, America must show to the world the true ideal of national righteousness. You are, or soon will be, the greatest in strength, the most affluent in wealth, of all the nations of the world. Why? Mainly, I believe, because your fathers feared God. God has said, ' Him that honors me I will honor.' Will America dare to spurn the low degrees by which she did ascend? I believe she will be preserved from these perils by the memories of the dead and by the virtues of the living. I believe she will justify to humanity her majestic faith in man. I believe it is for these objects that God has given her the atmosphere and stainless azure above her head, and boundless territory beneath her feet, and rivers that plow her fertile fields, and double ocaans sweeping her illimitable shores. ' Christian Union.