TEST. HANNAH SHEPARD. 'JETe that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me: and he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me. ' The above quotation, selected from the many beautiful sayings of our Savior, was evidently not intended for the mass of mankind, but for those who would be the disciples of our Lord Jesus Christ; to the children of the resurrection, and to those having an aspiration above the plane of nature. ' The children of this world marry and are given in marriage. ' 1 his class who have accepted no higher mission should devote themselves faithfully for the best good of their families, and are in no wise justified in shirking this responsibility under any condition whatever. Those who would follow Christ in the regeneration upon whom the end of the world must come, if they can comprehend his mission to become the Savior of souls, they are then under the obligation and requirement to forsake all lie did. No man can be divided in his affections and effect any good purpose. Whatever a man loves best, for that object will he give his first and best thought, and other interests will be secondary. Love is the motive power of the Christian, which wills all his undertakings. The truest test of love for any person is a willingness to serve and please him. 'If ye love me ye will keep my commandments. ' We would not suppose that our Savior demanded any special consideration for himself; it would not compare with his character of self-forwetfulness. The pure, sinless testimony of full separation from the world is what he lived and preached. This was his life. Some months ago we had the pleasure of meeting a man the father of two lovely daughters. We thought he was fully ripe for the ' harvest work' as he seemed to comprehend the life of Christ in its entire separation from the world. Yet when the test came, Can you live it? we grieve to say he was unwilling to make the sacrifice, Why? Because his darling daughters were his idols and more to him than all the world beside, yea, more than his or their salvation. Now, this man must have been a good father and his example worthy of emulation for those who have a home on the ' earth plane ;' but those called to live a spiritual life which is the Christ life, find these earthly ties impede their march heavenward, inasmuch as they absorb the love and affection which should be given to God. ' Strait is the gate and narrow the way which leadeth unto life and few there be that find it. ' Canterbury, N. H.