TESTIMONY OF C0MSTOCK BETTS. When I first heard of the testimony maintained by Mother Ann Lee and the Elders with her, and understood the nature of it, my mind was forcibly struck with doctrines which, though new and strange, appeared so consistent with truth and reason, and so much in harmony with the testimony of Jesus Christ and his apostles. Their testimony was, that Christ had come 'the second time, without sin unto salvation ; ' that they had come as God's witnesses to the people, and were sent to teach the way of salvation ; that all sin and every kind of iniquity was condemned ; that they had obtained power over sin ; that the call of God to the people was, to confess all their sins to God, in the presence of his witnesses, and to forsake them forever. They also taught the necessity of confessing sin, and of hating and crucifying the carnal nature of the flesh, as the only means by which souls could enter in at the strait gate, and walk in the narrow way that leads to eternal life. All this appeared reasonable and right to me : for I did not believe that any one could follow Christ in the regeneration, while living in ?ny known sin. But my natural feelings, at that time, were very far from yielding obedience to this work. I presume I never should have been one of this despised and persecuted people, called Shakers, if I could have found any other way, short of this humiliating way of the cross, in which I could have felt any real hope of acceptance with God. But I confess I could see no way of salvation, only in obedience to the cross. Many of the people who lived near me had embraced this testimony, and set out in this way, more than three years, before I confessed my sins. I frequently attended their meetings, and their worship appeared very solemn a:id heavenly to me. I felt more and more affected with my case : for I knew that I was a sinner, and expected, if I should continue in my sins, that I must be lost from God. In the summer of 1783, Mother Ann and the Elders tarried a short time at the house of Samuel Fitch, in Richmond, where I attended their meetings. Elder James Whittaker spoke, and opened the gospel in such a feeling and powerful manner, that it made the tears flow freely from my eyes. From this time, I believed, without a doubt, that this was the only way of eternal life ; and I have never had a doubt of it, from that day to this. But although I was fully convinced what my duty was ; yet the cross was in the way. I saw evidently that life and death were set before me, and that I must renounce all carnal pleasures, or lose my soul. When I came to weigh the matter seriously, I could not consent to sacrifice my soul for the purpose of building up the flesh. I therefore came to a full determination to confess my sins, and forsake them forever. Accordingly, in August, 1788, I went to Daniel Goodrich, Sen. who was a leader among the people, and confessed my sins before him. Soon after this, I went to see Mother and the Elders, at Watervliet, and was received with great kindness and charity. After tarrying several days, being convinced with what I had heard and seen, and feeling an increase of the work of God in my own scul, I returned home in peace. I soon went a second time, and had much opportunity with Mother and the Elders, which I esteemed as a great privilege. In both of these visits, I was greatly satisfied with the godly example which was manifested in all their words and works. Their feelings seemed wholly devoted to do the will of God. I moved, to Watervliet late in the fall or beginning of winter, and lived there more than three years. I was daily conversant with Mother and the Elders, and was there when Elder William and Mother Ann deceased. Their testimony against all sin was piercing and powerful, and they appeared to live fully up to their profession and testimony. They seemed to spare no pains to make the Brethren and Sisters comfortable, both in things spiritual and temporal ; and they were ever free and liberal in extending charity to the poor and needy. Their meekness and humility was manifest in all their conversation and deportment. I have often seen them weep, and thank God for the gospel, with the most heart-feeling sensibility. I received from time to time, many precious spiritual gifts of God from them, and was made joyful in God's house of prayer. All manner of evil was spoken against them, before ever I set out to obey the gospel, by a persecuting generation, but I did not believe their evil reports ; nor have I ever believed any of them since. Notwithstanding the base charges of their slanderers to the contrary, I can The testify that Mother and the Elders were very temperate in eating and drinking. I can bear witness that Mother and the Elders taught the only way of eternal life ; and that they faithfully walked in it themselves. In obedience to their instructions, I have obtained power over all sin, in my knowledge, and can see my way clear to the mansions of eternal rest; and I have no doubt that I shall continue in this sin-killing work until I find complete victory over the least and last remains of a carnal nature. Hancock, Mass. 1827.