OUR DUTY. WHATEVER may be moving in the atmosphere of the world, whether in the interests of morality, of science or of religion, we as Christian Believers have an imperative duty before God and man, which can never be compassed by any spirit of less magnitude than that of the revelation of God's love. In the Babel influences that are so thoroughly operative in the world of today, the voices of the scientifically religious and the religiously scientific are heard on every hand, and those who would willingly work are often paralyzed through fear of an uncertainty. In the effort that some make to reach the kingdom of God by passing along by the side of the broad way, every device is sought out that shall contribute one ray of support to their fallacious hope, while the simple life of the cross of Christ and the practical righteousness which that life brings is iguorautly or carelessly thrown aside. That we live in a wonderful age is not to be denied and that there may be some lessons eminently worthy for us to learn, cannot be denied. The history of the world in its every department where nature is manifested, is treasured as of inestimable value for the perusal of the present generation. It may well be called the storehouse of what has transpired during the creation of God, and it may at the same time enlarge the mind of man with much earthly wisdom. Its place is ass legitimately arranged in the economy of God's plan as are the gifts of greater value. The whole of creation is a beautiful miracle of law and order which has never been solved. It is one of the 'great things, past h'ud'ng out. ' But the lessons of self-sacrifice, of love and of righteousness should be garnered with equally as much interest and preserved for present and future benefit with the same assiduous care. If the good words that have been spoken are never lost, then the good deeds may be, without doubt, quite as imperishable, and we have urgent need to harvest into well disciplined minds, all that comes within our circle of spiritual action. As we learn that God is the same yesterday, today and forever, so is all that is of God. The manifestations of words or deeds of three thousand years ago, if they were the outgrowth of that wisdom which comes from above and tend to 'ways of pleasantness and to paths of peace,' they can never grow old. I low much we need their influence. In securing these treasures we secure imperishable riches and the confusion of tongues, so like the mist of the morning soon vanishes, and the highway to the kingdom of God becomes as plainly and as clearly set forth in the souls of the righteous as ^h,Q glory of the sun at THE JUNE, noonday. Having this knowledge of the kingdom, we ask, Why? Why should any one who has left the 'house of bondage ' ever return to Egypt to acquire knowledge ( ?) in righteousness ? Why neglect the treasures of God at our own threshold, to gather those on the shore of the dead sea? Herein is the mystery. The listening to the multitude of discordant voices that so strongly arise in favor of their own respective, selfish whims or anti-religious traditions, is equally as mysterious. Like the plague frogs that fell upon the homes of the Egyptians, these conditions may, for a season, not only prove] quite annoying but may to our great sorrow work a permanent injury. Let us have the confidence of the Apostle who accepted into his soul God's truth and light, and through this made his life one of practical righteousness. A confidence that shall inspire all who are engaged in the same divine work, to declare, 'We know we are of God.'