'Vanity of vanities, all is vanity.' MARTHA J. ANDERSON. Not from the seclusion of the hermitage, the cloister of the monk, the studio of the misanthrope, or the tub of the cynic philospher came this fervid exclamation ; but, from the gilded palace of one of earth's lauded potentates; the greatest, and wisest of his time. It was in his power to gather to himself, all that would seem necessary to fill up the measure of human joy and happiness, as is so minutely and graphically described in Ecclosiastes. Follow the story of the preacher ; trace the picture. All that art, skill and labor could devise, to please the eye ; all that music, revelry and mirth could bring, to delight and captivate the senses ; yet, in the acme of power and gl'&gt;ry, he exclaims. ' All is vanity ! ' Pleasure and folly, leave the soul like an emptied vessel. Truth and righteousness alone, can fill the aching void of the human heart. Queen Elizabeth when dying, uttered in anguish. Oh for a moment of time ! The royal honors of her court, and the fawning flattery of favorites, failed to give her soul peace. One moment spent aright would have been more precious, than the seventeen days of banqueting and entertainment at Kenilworth Castle, when the hands moved not on the dial from the first hour of the feast. But, ' Time and tide wait for no one,' however great and exalted their position among men; and if human beings squander their precious life in sensual pleasure, they will find at its close, that the giant terrors of remorse and fear will seize their unrepentant souls and plunge them in darkness and distress. Time's perishable treasures, can never satisfy the longings of the immortal spirit. Those who gather to themselves groat riches, often suffer poverty of soul, and feel at the close of their mortal career, that all is vanity, and vexation of spirit; because great abilities have been used to subserve earthly purposes, to gratify ambition and avarice, at the expense of their nobler faculties, which have been dwarfed and buried in materiality. When such pass the border land into the inner realm of being, leaving all, wealth, emolument, fame and grandeur, they feel a blank in life ; an utter destitution of spirit; a realization that they will stanrj, perhaps, on a par with their humblest servant; for, in the land of souls, all distinctions are leveled, save absolute worth. Our eternal mansion in the heavens, can only be built by good deeds. Our inheritance there, is the substance of virtue practiced here. They do not vainly strive, who fear God, keep His commandments and love their fellow men. Such can look on ;heir labors here with satisfaction, and feel no anxiety about the future ; for, blessed is the reward of the just, the aeace of the upright, and the joy of the pure in heart. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.