From the Little Children. A STORY ABOUT TREES. If we should get all of the sap out of one tree it would die for the want of something to drink; all trees and plants would die if they did not have water to drink just the same as we eat and drink. The trees have very long roots which could not be dug up without being broken. In the Winter the leaves die and fall off the trees and leave the trees bare. The trees look as though they were dead but they are not. In the Spring they have new leaves and they look as bright as can be; then the buds come and then the blossoms come and after some weeks the fruit comes. Then when it is ripe it is picked and fixed for market or put in cellars to keep through the Winter for family use. The cherry tree bears small red fruit with a small stone in the middle. I think the peach is a very nice fruit. Sadie. MORNING GLORIES. After holes have been made about half an inch below the ground two or three seeds can be put in one hole and covered. As they grow they should have strings or frames to climb upon. These flowers open in the morning and close as soon as it grows warm The seeds are black when ripe and the seeds should not be picked while green. If a person takes good care of morning glories they could have them year after year as it is no great trouble to take care of them. They should be kept in a damp state and I have been told that as they need more water than other flowers that they can bear a great deal of water but not too much. E. B. K. SCHOOL HOUSE, The school house is not a very large house but it is tall. There is one chimney on it. The house is white outside. In the school house 'there are desks and there are twenty seven scholars in the room. The teacher's desk is in front of the other desks. Then there are some black-boards for the scholars to write on and there are fourteen of them and there are eleven windows in the room. The school room is on the lower loft. There is a globe here and it has a large cover. Then there is a clock in the room and we have readers and spellers and arithmetics and grammars and geographies to read out of. L. G. W. POLITENESS. Tins subject should be well considered by the young. The habits we now form will be ours in riper years. If they are refined and polite they will be to our credit, if coarse and impolite to our discredit. Thus it is of importance that we strive to cultivate ourselves and have our manners such that we can always practice them whether at home or abroad. It is doubtless the case that most persons habitually practice some forms of manners at home that they would not abroad, but I think it should not be so. We can reflect and see what our impressions are of those who are coarse, rough and awkward in their manners and address. I do not believe in an affected way of politeness, but graceful and lovely ways without affectation. I consider politeness nothing more or less than good manners. Let us all therefore study to know what true politeness is, and practice one set of manners at home and abroad. I. B. L.