STORY OF NAAMAN. Naaman, an officer of the King of Syria, was an honorable and faithful servant. By him the Lord had given deliverance to Syria Itrat with all this greatness he was a leper. Nothing would have pleased him more than to be cured of his leprosy. A little captive maiden who had been taken from Israel, not long afterward told her mistress of a prophet in Samaria that would cure Naaman of the leprosy. One of the servants informed the King who then sent Naaman with a letter to the King of Israel. He took with him ten talents of silver and six thousand pieces of gold; also ten changes of raiment. The King read the letter and rent his clothes. He was astonished that the King of Syria should think he possessed power to cure the leprosy, but concluded this to be the means of commencing a quarrel between them which might result in a war. When Elisha heard of the distress of the King he requested him to send Naaman that he might prove that there was one prophet who possessed this power in Israel. The chariot of Naaman came to the door of Elisha's house, and a messenger said to him, ' Go wash in Jordan seven times and thou shalt be clean. ' This was not the reception Naaman had expected. He thought the prophet would come to him and lay his hands upon him and call upon the name of the Lord that he might be healed. To have the errand given by a messenger was not like meeting the prophet, and to be obliged to wash in Jordan was very unpleasant, as the water of this river was muddy while the rivers of Damascus were clear and sparkling. Naaman was very angry at this and sent this complaint to Elisha, 'May I not wash in the rivers of my own country and be clean?' But the servant said : If the prophet had bid thee do some great thing wouldst thou not have done it. How much rather when he said, ' Wash and be clean?' After some consideration Naaman went down and bathed in Jordan s ;ven times and was healed. When he returned to Elisha he exclaimed, 'Now I know there is no God in all the earth but in Israel, henceforth I will offer neither burnt offerings nor sacrifice unto any other God but unto the Lord. ' We suppose from this that he had previously worshiped idols bu.t through his miraculous cure became converted to the worship of the true God. From this story we learn a lesson which can be easily applied, that we, through obedience may be cleansed from a moral leprosy which just as readily affects those with whom we associate as wrould a physical trouble. If we disdain the injunction, 'Wash and be clean,' we shall lose the blessing of a pure heart promised only to the humble in spirit. Josephine E. Wilson. Canterbury, N. H.