WHAT SHALL I DO TO BECOME A SHAKER? BY H. C. BLINN. The above interrogation is frequently made, yet the answer is very simple and easy to be understood. One of the first things to arrange in the mind is the resolution to 'live soberly, righteously and godly in this present world.' ' Cease to do evil and learn to do well. ' ' That,' says the enquirer, 'is indeed, veiy simple, and perfectly satisfactory, and pursuing that course you must have a beautiful home.' A Christian Community is certainly a beautiful home, and it is more than that; it is a spiritual home. The term home, should never be construed to mean an asylum or simply a home for the needy or destitute. On this account the Shakers should exercise a judicious care and not gather into their families those persons who would become members only in name. To be efficient workers, those who are accepted must be in sympathy with the interests of the Community and be willing to adopt the principles of the order, and maintain the rules and regulations which are for the protection of the Society. It would seem to be quite necessary for a person of mature mind to make careful self-examination, and be assured that he is prepared for the required sacrifice. To forsake the relations and connections that constitute the order of the world, in short, 'To crucify the world with all its affections and lusts.'' A Community may be and often is imposed upon by the application snd acceptance of those who are not worthy of the privilege. Jesus, our exemplar, has said, 'He that cometh to me (in a humble spirit) I will in no wise cast out. ' He prepared a wise and beautiful formula which should be learned by those who contemplate entering a religious Community and holding the relation of Brethren and Sisters. They should show, by good works, that they are dependent upon Communi- ty for the blessings which only a Community can bestow, or in other words, be ' humble in spirit.' They should be known for their honesty, their selfdenial and their faithful perseverance in the cause of right. Jesus says, '' Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness.' They should be kind and forgiving. A gospel affection should be wrought out for those with whom they live, and nothing cruel or unkind should be manifested toward either man or beast. 'Blessed are the merciful.' The Eevelator wrote that nothingcould enter the New Jerusalem that was false or that was defiled. This should be borne in mind in the preparation for Christ's kingdom on earth. To be 'pure in heart' is an essential condition, and any one entering a religious Community should abandon ' all uncleanness and covetousness' and let 'neither filthiness nor foolish talking nor jesting be once named among you, as becometh saints. ' Eph. v. Unless the spirit of the peacemaker is largely cultivated there could be but sligth hope for harmony in any class ot people that have been gathered from the ranks of the world. The peacemaker embodies the essential element for the prosperity uf the order, and may well be classed among the children of God. The man who wishes to accept the testimony of Jesus Christ should keep these sayings, that he may lay a foundation which neither fire nor flood can destroy. To enter a Community demands a change which should be thoroughly investigated. It is to leave the order of the children of this world and enter an order of united inheritance and of universal love. Some may call t-his a change of heart, and indeed, that is a good term, but we will present it in the words of the Apostle, 'Put off the former conversation of the old man which is corrupt, and be renewed in your spirit. Put away lying and speak every man truth with his neighbor. Let him that stole, steal no more. Let no corrupt speech proceed out of your mouth. Let all bitterness and wrath and anger an:! clamor and evil speaking be put away from you. Be kind to one another, forgiving one another.' Eph. iv ; 22-32. Those who are not prepared to accept this discipline of the Apostle, have not yet counted the cost of a Christian life. Persons may grow weary of the fruits of a life of unrighteousness and wish to escape to some spiritual retreat, anticipating a great deal of happiness on their' own part, without deliberating carefully the essential sacrifice which they must make in order to secure the privilege. Communities for their own prosperity and individual peace must be surrounded by a system of rules and regulations that will cover all their interests. These must be religiously maintained by every member as the success of the order depends largely upon their careful observance. A great many people drift along from year to year without taking serious thought of the imperative duties of life, and from a multitude of cauees look toward a Community for a home. Some may be led by high spiritual attractions, desiring a nearer walk with God, wrhile others with sinister motives may expect that Society will patiently bear all their burdens. Biblical history informs us that a class of people went out seeking for Je- sus, that were not especially awakened by his gospel testimony. Jesus spoke to them as we might speak to many who call upon us. ' Ye seek me, not because ye saw the signs, but because ye did eat of the loaves and were filled.' It is very true we should not refuse to entertain an industrious, honest, poor man, while we might an unprincipled rich man. Whatever may be the inducements for a man to enter a Christian Community, he should have this fact thoroughly impressed upon the mind. That he enters the order as a pupil and not as a teacker. He comes to receive the gift of the Community in obedience to the cross of Christ, and to leave behind him 'the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye and the pride of life. ' If he really means to renounce the world with all its allurements and sins, he will not endeavor to see how many he can carry along with him. Let him seek first the kingdom of God and its righteousness. Make an honest confession of his sins, settle his just debts, cancel all lawful obligations and after having done this he may be able to speak with the Apostle. 'I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, for I know it is the power of God uuto salvation to every one that believeth.' Canterbury, N. H