HISTORY REPEATING ITSELF. JAMES S. PRESCOTT. In the days of Christ's first appearing there were three distinct orders of people among the Jews. The first were the Pharisees. Second, the Sadducees. Third, the Essenes. The Pharisees were those who believed and trusted in Moses, and in the outward ceremonies of the law ; and rejected Christ and neglected to cleanse the heart from sin and defilement; and were analogous to that class, in our day who believe and trust in the outward ceremonies of religion ; and in belonging to some church and who reject Christ in his second appearing ; and depend more on an outward form of religion than they do by an honest confession of all sin, and living a pure life. The Saddurees were those who did not believe in the resurrection, nor angel, nor spirit ; and were analogous to those called infidels, liberalists, independents, and those who deny all religion and even the bible itself ; and make no profession of religion, of any kind. The Essenes were the most remarkable sect among the Jews, and the only class whom Jesus Christ did not reprove ; because they lived lives so very near like his own, and that which he taught his disciples, and the only order with whom he could affiliate. They were virgins. They were not defiled with sexual intercourse. They were clothed in white raiment. Their garments were an index to the purity of their lives. They lived lives of virgin celibacy. They lived in communities and held their property in common, aud were quite numerous. They took in children from the world, while they were young and pliable, and taught them the way of God and how to live without sin, consequently how to be happy, for sin is the cause of all unhappiness. They were analogous to the followers of Christ, in his second appearing, and the communities which followed, founded on peutecostal revivals ; and with propriety might be called the Essenians of the nineteenth century.f It must be admitted, however, that there was an order among the Essenes which did tolerate marriage and offspring, under a protest, to perpetuate the race, not for gratification, therefore they did not allow any sexual intercourse, only for offspring, and that too under the most favorable conditions. Such were analogous to the Moral Reform Societies, both in England and in America, who are beginning to educate the reproductive classes, up to a higher moral standard, which is greatly needed. What is this but history repeating itself ? j t See Josephus., Volume ii. Page 242, 243, &amp;c. X See the foregoing quotations from Josephus, yd' lime second, Page 242, 243. We might, indeed, fear a repetition in history of the second reign of antichrist, were it not for two distinct laws ; viz. The law of Progress, and the law of Evolution. As long as these two laws are in force, the kingdom of Grod which is an inward spiritual work, will increase, while that of antichrist is bound to decrease. This is the reason why Mormonism can never succeed in America; only in numbers, like the Mohammedans, and no better, because the law of Evolution is against them, the civil law is against them; the law of Progress, and the spirit of the age, is against them. Plurality of wives is no antidote against the 'social evil;' but if generally adopted would have a tendency to increase it, without improving the race. Therefore, it is destined to become obsolete and reduced to monogamic marriage ; and there let it rest, until the higher law of Christian celibacy can be reached, and practically carried out by both sexes. Much more might be written on this subject, but I choose to be brief. North Union, Ohio.