NOTES. SALVATION, It may be from physical ills, from pestilence, from famine, from earthquakes or from the long list of accidents that are of daily occurrence. To be saved from all of these afflictions or even from one is a subject eliciting our humble thanksgiving to God for his many loving and tender mercies. But if salvation comes as the good Physician, healing us of our many spiritual infirmities, relieving us of the unwelcome bondage of sin and making us able to enjoy the freedom of sons and daughters of God, it is then, indeed, an angel whose presence we may desire from day to day, from month to month and from year to year. Jesus informed his disciples, that lie had come among them to seek and to save that which was lost. Any reader of the old Testament may very readily enumerate a long list of transgressions and trespasses, and mark the crooked paths in which men had walked, while they ostensibly professed to be walking Avith God. It is not at all strange that the testimony of Jesus found so few that were able to accept it. It was a new way, a life of self-sacrifice and crucifixion of all that was sinful He came as the messenger of salvation and permitted them to accept of this saving gift so far as they were able. He found much that was good and worthy of commendation. 'Behold, said he, an Israelite in whom there is no guile. ' Other spirits of corresponding worth, were no doubt, to be met with as among the companions of Jesus. Salvation had been found by the honest seeker after righteousness, in a greater or less degree, from the earliest knowledge that we have of mankind. It harmonized with the day in which they lived and with the light of God that had been shed abroad in the earth. He came as the divine Teacher, in the fulness of God's love for humanity and established an order in which the test of discipleship was known by this new commandment, 'By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if you have love one for another. ' Jesus accepted a simple, ignorant class of Jews and began to teach them the rudimental lessons of the kingdom of God. These first lessons in righteousness, were, to them the gift of salvation. They were presented in words of simple instruction, in counsels, in reproof and in pleasant stories. Incidents familiar to every Jew were accepted and brought out as lessons, which were to lead the soul to the kingdom of heaven. To impress upon their minds the uncharitableness of the selfish man, he '' rebuked them by saying ; You know not what manner of spirit you are of, S EPTEMBER, The son of man is not come to destroy men's lives but to save them. ' When they manifested a jealous spirit, and asked which one of the disciples would be greatest in the heavenly kingdom, he gave them a lesson in humility by placing a little child before them, and then saying, ' Except you are converted and become as little children, you shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven.' Equally with the degree of acceptance which they accorded to these lessons of the Teacher was the corresponding salvation from sin and selfishness which entered into their souls. Jesus taught as did the messengers of God before him, line upon line and precept upon precept, and these lessons were learned as are those of any class of pupils. First, a respectful obedience to the Teacher, then a separation from the spirit of the world, from strife, coveteousness, evil speaking and defrauding. Men who are deliled by keeping company with those conditions, carry the exhalations with them for many years. Salvation is a work of degrees, so soon as one bad habit or practice or soul defilement is conquered, a measure of this saving grace is secured, and a faithful continuance in well doing, through an honest confession and repentance will give the knowledge of full salvation to God's people by the remission of their sins. No person can pass, at once, from unrighteousness, from a life that has been squandered in selfishness and sin, to one of full c'onsecration to God any more readily than a child can pass from infancy to adult age. A saving, spiritual or religious growth is the work of years upon years. St. Paul understood this fact when he wrote to the Ephesians. ' I beseech you that you walk worthy of the vocation wherewith you are called. With all lowliness and meekness, with long-suffering, forbearing one another in love. Endeavoring to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. And to every one is given according to the measure of the gift of Christ. Till we come to the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ. It was a growing salvation, a work of meekness and of long-suffering by the cross of self-denial that would ultimately make them as perfect men and women in the life of Jesus Christ.