GRATITUDE. HARRIET SHEPARD. Gratitude is the most heavenly inhabitant of the human breast, and though excluded from many of its beauties by infirmities, it is still a blessing to exist in so good a world. Our happiness is greatest when we contribute most to the happiness of others. The good that men do lives after them. Like bread upon the waters, if not realized now, will be collected in time to come. Many things are dark to those who are afflicted, but not all. The senses are so many avenues, through which the weary spirit may find solace though a prisoner in an ailing body. The murmur of gurgling waters ; the happy birds singing in the leafy boughs ; the stars glittering in their night homes; sun the glorious orb of day ; the flowers in their gorgeous apparel and aromal sweetness, all unite in a many voiced anthem, to beguile the weary hours, and praise the power that gave them being ; and how often too, is the afflicted one soothed to rest by music's subtle charms. The human voice when under inspiration's power, may have greater charms ; still from a Divine source, we receive by far, the greatest consolation, comfort and support in times of deep affliction. Be sparing of complaints to human ears, but calm thy grief in submissive prayer ; and when thy full soul goes up to thy heavenly Friend, let none but spirits hear. Tears are the speech of susceptibility ; the dews that water friendship, and sustain it when it would wane. Our lives are what we make them. Shut in from all that is external, we are mostly the creatures of the habits we form. We must then form good habits, and become good creatures. As day and night follow each other, we may as well fill our minds with the gleams of one, as with the darkaaess of the other ; as well recall pictures of delight, as those of distress and anxiety. The latter may sometimes visit us and tarry for a little season; but we should never permit them to remain with us. In childhood's joy we come forth to gather flowers, and because we have lost a few, we will not mourn, but rather interest ourselves with those that remain. Sickness and ill health make us painfully dependent, but God forbid our hearts s'hould repine, or our lips murmur. 'The earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof. ' It has been said that the cattle upon a thousand hills are his, and that green pastures and running waters are in his hands, and be assured He is now disciplining us, fitting and preparing us to do a work in his vineyard. In the love and good-will of friends who take pleasure in ministering to our necessities, we have a fountain of enjoyment as lasting as the goodness of the human heart. Our Brethren and Sisters are angels of patience, though weary, they toil on for the welfare of all of the household of faith. When I suggest that I am troubling, are not tender arms thrown about me, and do I not hear kindly whispers, 'our afilicted ones are our ministers.' Suffering has softened their spirits; teaching them how to sympathize with the afilicted. North Union, Ohio.