Gentle and Easy to be Entreated, without Partiality and without Hypocrisy. ' WILLIAM LEONARD. The ruder class of worldy men are those who, in early life were proud, arrogant, stubborn and inclining to many evils. Such grow up to look with contempt upon a gentle spirit, ' easy to be entreated.' They generally fall into great sins, become the refuse of society, and too often spend their last bitter days in the penitentiary, or expiate their crimes on the gallows. The class who succeed in the world, are reasonable, considerate, and seek good counsel instead of avoiding it. Entreat such to alter a course that seems dangerous, and they will listen candidly, steer clear of evils ahead, and in after years bless those who guided them into honorable courses. If men start inexperienced in worldly life, how much more so will they be in 'starting in a godly life, on which their present and future happiness depends. If they need a guide in beginning the world, how much more a teacher to learn the Christian life. When any set out to follow Jesus in the path he really walked in, they are ignorant of the ch anges they must make in their lives ar d the trial it will cost them to make tbim. Ripe scholars in God's work caa soon see who will travel the surest an i most pleasant in the work of salvation. When temptations are pointed out to the proud and wilful, too often inotead of shunning, they run into them. When questioned concerning such a course, they are haughty, independent, and anything but gentle. They pierce themselves through with many sorrows, bring trouble upon their seniors, and often fall from the path which leads to life because they are not ' easy to be entreated. ' A better class of young or inexperienced Christians are thoughtful, considerate, and do not tower too high up in self-esteem. They view the church of Christ as a school, and consider themselves pupils sent thither to learn and increase in spiritual knowledge. They see that all military, literary or mechanical students, need the aid of a master mind, till they stand before society having mastered all they have undertaken. The real spiritual scholar sees that salvation from sin must be studied as a science, and he bends diligently to his abor, becomes pure minded, refined, peaceable, gentle and ''easy to be entreated. ' Such stand as the brightest ornaments in the household of faith, make the most reliable leaders and will stand first in the Heavens ; they meet changing scenes, and they looked for them ; they bear reproof, for they know hey cannot grow in the Lord Jesus demned. I told him that God would not condemn it when we were in it. While we were on the voyage I was constrained to testify against the wickedness of the seamen, for which they threatened to throw me overboard. I had no occasion to fear them, for my trust was in God, and they were not suffered to harm me during the passage. ' 'We informed the captain that he would not have whereof to accuse us except it was concerning the law of our God.'f Christ without it. Gradually changing from the lower to the higher life, they meet fiery trials, and becoming spiritually scientific, they expected all this. They see seasons of disappointment and sadness, bvit learn that the great Master Builder met the same, and that they surely must. With all these, they meet joy and comfort, ministered to them by angels, and they expected this also. Their obedience prepares them to enjoy such ministrations in a manner which the self-willed, disobedient and unrefined never did or can enjoy them, and this progress of spirit gives the evidence that they are becoming '' Full of mercy and good fruits. ' The godly experience just alluded to renders the Believer, in his degree, like Him '' Whose tender mercies are over all his works. ' Man may be tender hearted by his peculiar organization, but gospel experience will render him understandingly so. It will teach an honest mind that when men speak or act against him, that in all probability, he has said or done that which has caused it, at least in part; then, instead of retaliating, he will seek to find the evil in his own breast and will diligently set about removing the cause, that the effect may cease. If he has received injury, or is wounded by another, he concludes like a wTise philosopher, that if he makes the worst of it, he will bring more affliction upon himself, than his adversary has done. If he makes the best and thinks the least of it, and performs kindness instead of retaliation, then as our Lord said 'He heaps coals of fire on the head of his persecutor. ' The difference between the cruel and merciful man, is this : When a sinner disgraces himself by crime, the unmerciful man cherishes little toward him but coldness and contempt, or a desire to see the offender punished, with little regard who will suffer with him, while the merciful Christian will feel charity for his folly, view it in the best light he can examine it in, and will strive to save as much of his character and manhood as possible, striving to lighten the burden of his friends. Our Lord once said to the Jews, ' The poor ye have always with you. ' We as a people remember this, when called upon for charity, it is a rule with us never to let the suffering or needy who call upon us, go destitute from our doors. A Shaker Village is an excellent soil on which to bring forth the fruits of love and kindness. In a family of an hundred, more or less, some are laborious, others not able to be so ; some are patient, while others are impulsive. Some are inclined to study, some are indifferent about it. Many are great burden bearers / others have an aversion to all care and trust. There are wise men, and many not wise. You will find plain hearted members, others are prudent and reserved ; some neat, some have much of this to learn. Some are free to converse and examine. others more silent and indifferent. This condition of society, if we should make the worst of it, would at least produce some friction and something of a pandemonium. If we make the best of it and of each other, and keep striving to become agreeable to each other, it is the best school to learn patience, charity, and how to live and labor, and sit together in heavenly places, that there is on earth. Here then, is the-circle in which we study human nature, the graces, and how to interchange a thousand little civilities peculiar to our institution. If heaven is made up of a large spiritual family, existing in a joint relation, it certainly follows that we are learning, on earth, both in theory and practice, what professed Christianity will have to learn, when they enter the spirit land. Under this tuition we learn to live 'without partiality.' A spirit that inclines a person to favor another, either through fear or affection, above all others, seems to be the true rendering of the word partiality in the text. If the favorite is virtuous, in a worldy sense, it is plausible in the professor, still in the spirit of the world, but if practiced by one who professes to strictly follow Christ, he cannot find an instance of it in any part of his example, and his teaching is against it. If the favorite is vicious and gross, it is corrupting, even to the sensual man, but altogether abominable in the professed Christian. I will not stop to examine any church which does not stand on the Community system, the Christian Church started upon, by this text, but simply say tha( when the Christian Church first started, the apostles following the instructions of Jesus, struck a deadly blow against all partiality. History, the most sacred, declares that they came together and had all things upon the most simple equality. The judgment upon Ananias and his wife, shows that nothing like secret reservation, for selfish purposes, could stand iu that order. Consecration seems to have given admission, reservation places them still outside the church. We learn too, in their history, and in their whole narrative, that houses, lands and possessions were extensively sold, and i proceeds handed over to the Apot and finally to Deacons who were ake distribution to all church memL~_.., consulting the needs of all and nothing else. Here was a blow against partial relationships, partial favorites, partiality in high life, and in low life. The Shakers, as followers of Christ receive this first pattern as the true sample of church relation. We have long been interested in a self-made man or woman, one who could say be was born into this world moneyless, friendless with scarcely a shelter, none to provide him a morsel of bread, or assist him to the first degree of instruction. (To be Continued.)