From the Youths' Bible Class. NABOTH'S VINEYARD. 1 1 Kings xxi. The story I am to relate occurred about two thousand eight hundred years ago in the little village of Jezreel, a very pleasantly situated place fifty-two miles north of the city of Jerusalem. There lived in Jezreel a certain poor but honest man named Naboth, who gained a livelihood, mainly from the products of a fruitful vineyard which he had received from his father. A short distance north of the vineyard was the palace of Ahab, King of Samaria. Many times had the king looked from his window on the beautiful vineyard and mentally coveted his neighbor's land, as he said it would be very convenient for a garden of herbs, being so near to the house. The king asked Naboth to sell him the land, agreeing to give him a better vineyard, instead, or, if he preferred, would pay the worth in money. But Naboth said to the king, '' The Lord forbid that I give the inheritance of my fathers unto thee.' Ahab returned home much displeased, and it is said 'would eat no bread. ' I learn that this childish practice is still common in some parts of the East, and a person who has been greatly disappointed will go without food for several days. By this time, Ahab had gained the sympathy of his friends, who were anxious that his desires should be satisfied. Jezebel said to him, 'I will give thee the vineyard of Naboth. ' So wicked Jezebel wrote letters in Ahab's name and sealed them with the king's seal, to the elders and nobles, saying, 'Proclaim a fast, and set Naboth on high among the people and bear witness against him saying, ' Thou didst blasiiheme God and the king,' and carry him out and stone him till he die. ' The elders and nobles did as they were commanded and after Naboth's death they wrote to Jezebel saying, 'Naboth is dead. ' This report soon reached King Ahab and he gladly took possession of the vineyard so mnlawfully gained. But the wicked seldom prosper in their evil ways, and so it proved with the king. The Lord sent Elijah to Ahab while he was viewing the land, and the prophet said to him, 'In the place where Naboth was stoned shalt thou also die.' When the king felt that the hand of the Lord was upon him, he repented, sitting in sackcloth, and gladly would he have returned the vineyard to its rightful owner. Then the Lord said to Elijah, ' Seest thou how Ahab humbleth himself before me; because he humbleth himself I will not bring this evil in his day, but in his son's days will I bring the evil upon his house. ' Not long after this, a war commenced between the Syrians and the Israelites, and during the battle, one of the soldiers drew a bow and shot King Ahab, so that in the evening of that day he died. The king was taken back to Samaria and buried among his own people. M. A. Wilson.