Books and Papers. Herald of Health Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Through a Microscope Entertainment in chemistry The Herald of Health. Sept. Contents : Influence of the mind on the Body; Temperance Physiology ; Health condition of Indian Tribes; Oil Baths; Who may live to be old; Health and work ing Habits of Business men; James M. Peebles; Air; Saving Strength; Good Water; Diseases from Smoking; Studies in Hygiene for Women, etc., etc. M. L. Holbrook, M. D. 13 and 15 Laight St., N. Y. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health. Sept. Contents; English Parliamentary Leaders; Orthodox Christianity, and the Religion of Jesus; Familiar Talks with our Young Readers; Clovis and Charlemagne; The Discoverer of California's Gold; The Wonders of Science; Good natured musings; Baldness of Alopecia; A Strange Adventure; Biliousness: Cost of Necessary Food; Notes in Science, etc., etc. Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 753 Broadway, N. Y. Through a Microscope. By Samuel Wells,' Mary Treat and Frederick LeRoy Sargent. Chicago and Boston : The Interstate Publishing Company. 16mo, cloth. Price 00 cents. This attractive little handbook begins at the boginning, and tells the young student of the microscope exactly how to proceed in his investigations, what to do, and how to do it, and the reasons therefore. There is no study so fascinating, or so instructive withal, as that of natural history with the aid of the microscope. It opens a new world to the pupil, and reveals to him wonders and beauties which are unseen and unknown to the natural eye. Mary Treat has long been known as an interesting writer on natural history, and the valuable series published two or three years ago in Harper''s Monthly were from her hand, Naturally she has had great experience with the microscope, and so, too, has Mr. Wells, who gives suggestions as to outfits, preparation objects, and methods of experiment. Mr. Sargent tells how home-made microscopes may be prepared and used. The book is well illustrated. Among the issues in the educational line of the Interstate Publishing Company is a volume prepared by Professor H. W. Tyler, of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, called Entertainment in Chemistry, designed for young students. Professor Tyler has aimed to make clear to the minds of pupils exactly what chemistry is, and the best methods of studying it. In the performance of this task he has described a series of experiments which can be performed without the aid of costly apparatus, at home or in the schoolroom, but which demonstrate the main principles of the science just as accurately as those involving greater skill and knowledge. The book is written in a clear and lucid style, without the use Of more technical terms then are absolutely required. 16mo. cloth. Price 60 cents.