ACROSTIC. MARTHA J. ANDERSON. They shall spring up among the grass, as willows by the water courses. ' Isaiah. These lovely emblems of souls true and living, Mailing the breath of (he glad suimy spring, Eagerly ope the first bnds of the banquet Yellow tipped censers of fragrance to swing; Sweetly they thrive where the gentle stream murmurs, Humbly they bend where the lily cups drink, And while the margin oi lakelet adorning Low their weird shadows reflect from the brink. Light arrows darting from Sol's golden quiver, Speed through the finger leaved boughs as they sway, Poising like diamond points over the waters, Returning the song of the beautiful May. In the lone dell where the violets cluster; Near the thick copse where the nightingales sing; [breeze Grow the sweet willow trees, fresh as the morning ' Up 'mong the grasses ' in beauty they spring. Peerless amid the low shrubs of the woodland, All in their emerald glory arrayed, Mingling their manifold masses of foliage, Ornate in varying color and shade. Nobly the Oak on the hill-top may tower; Grandly the Elm its long branches may trail, These in their majesty, unlike the willow tree, [leed not the bluebells that grow in the vale. Eventide vapors ascending from everglade Gently bedew every leaflet and flower, Rising in silver mist, up through the wooded glen, All the trees bathe in the soft dewy shower. Stout limbs may break when the wild tempest rages Slender boughs yield to the fierce winds that blow And the green willows so yielding and pliant Strike their roots deep in the soil where they grow. Waving and free as when in the long ago aidian maidens with light fingers wove, Lithe branches clipped from the beautiful bower Low by the brook where the willows still grow. Over the reedy marsh, crowning the daisy bed, Wild birds on each flexile stern gaily toss, Singing tlieir matins sweet, morning and eve to greet, Building their nests of the lichen and moss. Youth of the year! what thy glory surpasses ? Thy freshness and odors infilling all space; Heart of creation pulsates with life forces, Evolving the forms of fair beauty and grace. Who could choose better than did the good prophet A symbol of humble contentment and peace ? ' They shall grow up 'mong the grass as the willows,' Expanding in strength of a blessed increase. Eight by the side of the still flowing waters Children of Israel their virtues shall twine, Open to heavenly sunshine and shower, Under the care of a Father divine. Hiclily he decks all the fair fields and rallies, Sheds his choice blessings o'er mountain and plain; E'en so shall the soul robed in spiritual gladness, Shine bright when earth's glories shall wane. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.