The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker. No. 8. Published expressly for the several Communities of Believers in 1S16. Re-written by Henry C. Blinn. Ix the family of James Boyd Mother Ann was treated with great kindness, and was free to testify her faith to those who came to see her. As the family were Believers, they felt it their right to hold their religious meetings as often as they thought best. Some of the lower class of the town however, objected and were excited to opposition and finally to persecution. One night several of these sons of Belial, with painted faces and a costume like the Indians, surrounded the house while the family were engaged in worship. The menacing and yells of these false Indians foreboded a serious outbreak. They broke the windows with sticks and stones and at the same time filled the air with threats of what they would do to the people. Papers of powder were thrown into the house, through hope that they would reach the fire place and then explode. In this, however, they failed to do any harm. James did not hesitate to face the mob and to give them a sharp reproof for their wicked proceedings. After a few more attempts to create a disturbance they withdrew from the place. The Elders and those who remained in prison at the old Fort in Albany, were made to suffer by the persecuting spirit of their enemies, who endeavored to keep the Believers from visiting them. A division of soldiers was also quarr tered in the Fort, which included the prison, and by this means the Brethren were confined to a very limited space, and their situation became most uncomfortable. In the month of November, David Darrow was released on parole and permitted to return home to his family, for a limited time. At the expiration of his term he returned to Albany and appeared before the Commissioners, to deliver himself into their charge. But they now refused to receive him as a prisoner or to have any more to do with him. After visiting the Believers who were still confined in the Fort as prisoners, David returned to his family. The Commissioners were earnestly entreated, even while walking the streets, for the releasement of Mother Ann and the Elders. Prayers were incessantly made for their liberty from imprisonment. Overcome by entreaty, the officers of the law, opened the prison doors on the twentieth of December and permitted the Elders and those with them to go free, without even a formal trial. The Elders went immediately to Poughkeepsie to see Mother Ann and to solicit her freedom. Elder James Whittaker presented himself, on his knees, before Gov. Clinton and prayerfully asked for assistance. The Gov. replied, 'I will assist you as far as it is in my power. This is the first knowledge that I have received, having reference to the imprisonment of yourself or of any of your people. Had I known it they should have been released, and will give an order immediately to that effect. All the Believers now returned to Watervliet arid were joyfully received, by the Brethren and Sisters, after an absence of nearly five months. Although this persecution was for the purpose of suppressing the work of God in this country, it was by the over ruling hand of Divine Providence, made the occasion of the most extensive circulation of the truth, and laid the foundation for a great ingathering of souls. Visitors from various parts of the states of New York, Mass., and Conn., came to Watervliet to see and to hear the testimony of a people who had been persecuted and imprisoned for Christ's sake, and by seeing and hearing for themselves, they received faith in the work and embraced the testimony. Constant labors were now made in planting, nourishing and building up the faith of the gospel, and in the destroying of sin, root and branch, that souls might be prepared for the Kingdom of heaven. Those who had been the most active in the work, who had been faithful from the beginning and who were deeply interested for the present prosperity, were Joseph Meacham, Calvin Harlow, Elizar Goodrich, Samuel Fitch, Israel Chauucey, Joshua, Cogswell and Hezekiah Hammond. These spiritual labors continued through the winter and spring. During this time the increase of the work was beyond expression. The Believers increased in zeal, in light and understanding. Signs, prophecies, visions and revelations from the spirit of God abounded. The purifying fire of the gospel searched the heart, while the increasing power of salvation, and the enduring substance of eternal life, evinced in every faithful soul the reality of the latter day of glory. Mother Ann converses with Eleazer Grant. Eleazer Grant, Elisha Gilbert and Dr. Averill called at the house of John Spier, in New Lebanon, to see Mother Ann. They came as friends, and were treated in that manner. They informed Mother Ann that they understood by re- j ports, that the English people banished her and the Elders from their country on account of her testimony. Elder James Whittaker made answer, that they were not banished, but that they were persecuted and suffered many things for their testimony both by mobs and by imprisonment. That for more than two years before they left England, they lived in almost entire peace. In the time of their persecution, some who were friendly, advised the Believers to take protection under the King. This they could not do. ' We left our native land by the special gift of God and came to America to bring the gospel of good news. While we were in England, we knew by the revelation of God that he had a chosen people in America. We saw some of them in vision, and when we met them in this country we knew them.' uXo one came to America with us. except those who felt it to be a special gift to their own souls. ' These men disputed that Mother Ann, or the Elders had any knowledge of another world. To this she replied, 'I see the heavenly hosts, I hear the angels sing and I converse with them, daily. ' Mother Ann then directed her remarks particularly to Eleazer Grant, and said, 'I was once as you are. I had feet but they walked in forbidden paths. I had hands but they handled unclean things. I had eyes but they saw nothing of God aright; but now my eyes, see, my ears, hear, and my hands handle the word of life. ' The men left the place apparently well satisfied with what they had heard.