Sanitary. SALT AND DIGESTION. If a piece of salt is taken into the mouth the flow of saliva is temporarily increased, though it is not certain that the amount secreted in any given time is any greater than it would have been had no stimulants been used. It has been argued also that the effect of salt on the gastric juice ir the stomach is the same, and that its use promotes digestion. Some recent experiments, however, on a man who had an artificial opening into his stomach to supply food which he could not take through th- - mouth, seems to negative this assumption and that salt hinders the secretion of the gastric juice and digestion rather than promotes them. If the amount of salt is considerable, digestion almost ceases. Sour wines and alcoholic drinks used on the same person were also proved to hinder instead of help digestion. Experiments like these have great value, for they help to clear away the superstitions of past ages which seem to be held by the educated and the ignorant alike. Bay Star. 'Killed by drinking ice water... 'Killed by drinking ice water, ' Dr. Kellogg thinks would be an appropriate epitaph for many people who will die during the hot weather. He says, and it but enfirms Dr. Jackson's argument on the same subject in the July Laws, ' that a stomach which is benumbed by ice water is practically paralyzed. It can neither secrete, absorb, nor contract upon the food.' And further, that i'the sudden chilling of the stomach by the drinking of ice water, eating of ice cream, swallowing pieces of ice, etc., is a very hazardous proceeding, and one which those who value health above the transient gratification of a depraved taste will sedulously avoid.' A weak solution of salt and water is recommended by good physicians as a remedy for imperfect digestion, and for a cold in the head it is a complete cure snuffed from the hollow of the hand. We have Known severe cases of catarrh entirely cured by persistent use of this simple remedy every night and morning for several months, when the best efforts of the best physicians failed to do any good. It should be used milk-warm. Bay Star.