FRUIT AS FOOD. Few people are aware of the value of fruit as an article of diet. Many look upon it as a luxury, and a few shudder at it, conjuring up internal torments at the name. Children, on the contrary, are only too happy to eat fruit at anytime, and undergo much discomfort to get it. It is elderly people, or those past their first youth, who cannot eat fruit and enjoy it. Cooked foods, highly seasoned meats and alcoholic liquors have spoiled their taste, and in many instances a ripe strawberry or plum would inconvenience them sadly. But the person who values health, and who knows a little of the value of fruit, will make it a point to eat it daily, and on occasions to make a meal almost entirely of it. Another cause why ripe and wholesome fruits are given a bad name is because they are eaten at the wrong end of a meal. After many courses of heavy foods and strong drinks, a few harmless strawberries are indulged in, and then when these rich foods and stimulating drinks upset the stomach the blame is put on the strawberry! The real order for fruit is at the beginning of a feast rather than at the end. A better plan still is to make a meal of stale bread and ripe fruit. The best meals to be made thus are breakfast or lunch. The bread should be brown and the fruit ripe and raw. Dry brown bread cleans the tongue and brings out the flavor of the fruit. Butter on the bread would give its own flavor, or even the salt in the butter would destroy the pure taste of the fruit. Again, the fruit should be raw, except in rare cases, as many delicious odors and delicate flavors are lost by cooking. A meal of brown bread and ripe strawberries, cher- ries, gooseberries, raspberries, pears, apples, peaches or grapes should be regarded as a wholesome corrective to high living. Those who want to be cool in the summer and autumn, and who wish to retain their mental clearness all day, cannot do better than lunch off fruit and bread, leaving heavier andsolider food until evening. Children may be given plenty of fruit, and so long as it is ripe no harm will result; on the contrary, it clears the complexion and skin, and acts as a laxative and cooler. When children have a half holiday, and they are in the way at home, you should buy them some fruit and send them to the nearest park or common or open space, where they can romp and play, and instead of sickly and often poisonous sweets they may regale themselves with the fruit you gave them. A picnic party should never start without a banket of fruit to start the meal. It is astonishing how exhilarating and enlivening a meal of fruit is, and instead of feeling dull after it as you do after ordinary food, you feel stimulated and brightened up. It is not wise to eat raw food too late at night. Fruit is best in the morning. I have many patients who take an orange, apple or other fresh fruit the first thing in the morning, the same as many people take their early cup of tea. This early fruit eating is to be commended ; it clears the tongue and is the cause of laxation. Many people, some of whom are doctors, are of opinion that autumnal diarrhea is due to fruit. This is an idea not borne out by facts. I have inquired into the subject and find that diarrhea is due to meat and fish, but never to fruit alone. I have experimented on myself, and got friends to test the result of free fruit eating on themselves, but in no case have I received a report of diarrhea from it. I lived one day last summer on strawberries, managing to eat seven pounds during the day, but I had no diarrhea. Other times I have lived on plums and milk, and have eaten freely of cherries and other fruits in their seasons, but never had looseness of the bowels in consequence. The true explanation of autumnal diarrhea lies in the fact that in hot weather flesh putrefies very quickly, and that during putrefaction alkaloids called ptomaines, are formed ; these are emetic and purgative, and give rise to very distressing symptoms. These alkaloids are found in meat at all times, especially in hot weather. The Herald of Health.