Question by Antoinette Doolittle REPLY BY MARTHA J. ANDERSON What is the divinest thought that can en ter the finite mind concerning the Infinite Is it Love, Goodness, or Purity ? If they al belong to the same fountain, which, sepa rately considered, forms the head,—whenc the highest flow. In other words, when the darkened night passes away and the mornng of a new day, breaks upon the siumberr, which of those attributes gild the highest eak on the mountain's summit? Purity is the divinest thought that an enter the finite mind concerning the nfinite. It is the fountain-head of ife's immortal stream, the source of every attribute, and spring of every &gt;lessing. In purity are love and goodless perfect. It is the very essence of Divinity that permeates and infuses the lighest spheres, the unclouded light of eternity's perpetual day. ' God is light, in him is no darkness at aU.' The purer we become the nearer we approach Deity ; for, 'Blessed are the pure in heart, they shall see God. ' Most precious of the promises given by the Christ inspired teacher, whose life example, as well as precept was virgin purity. Impurity broodeth in darkness, and in secret. God is not there ; and the mind that harbors unchaste thoughts, or the heart that cherishes unhallowed desires, shrinks from the light, with a sense of shame and disgrace. ' Know ye not that ye are the temple of God ? if any man defile this temple him will God destroy ; ' by a withdrawal of His spirit; it is a law inevitable. 'The soul that sinneth it shall die.' The written and unwritten revelation of God's eternal truth declare the certainty of this. What stultifies the sensibilities, be- clouds the intellect, sears the conscience, drains the vital forces, turns love to hatred and disgust, and creates on earth a hell? The carnal mind unreined by moral law. Lasciviousness is the destructive cancer that is eating out the very heart of society, it nips the flower in the bud, 14 ThrJ MANIFESTO. and blights the blossom of youthful life. Its dens of infamy are the plague spots of every civilized community, where virtue is swallowed up and demons of vice are generated. The slimy serpent crawls over every threshold victimizing the fair, the beautiful, and would be lovely by the secret charm of its magnetic, but debasing power. What hearth-stone boasts of purity's unsullied shrine? Whoso still worships there, yet knows of love, of home and heaven ; these words holy and sacred in their significance are all embraced iu purity. What means the cry we hear all over the land, the social evil—domestic unhappiness, ungoverned households, family brawls, infanticide, matrimonial dissolution, and an army of neglected vagrant children ? The earth reels drunk with crime of every name and nature, all springing from the hydra headed monster lust. 'Whence comes wars and fightings among you? come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members?' The greatest of all sins is the sin of transmission, through which depraved influences are stamped upon the embryotic brain ; the consequence is that generations walk the earth and mingle in society, in whom the inclination and impulse is stronger to do evil than good. What mighty lever shall lift such up, from conditions they did not create, into the sunshine of a purer and better life ? True love is the offspring of purity, and only under its benign control can be expected prop- erly developed human beings. Few seem to realize this all important truth. The praises of virtue were sung by the bards of olden time. Seers declared the glory of the ransomed. ' These are they who have come up out of great tribulation, who have washed their robes white in the blood (life) of the Lamb.' Prophets, Sages, Philosophers, and holy men and women of all ages, inspired by the Christ ideal, conquered the impulses of passion, and took upon themselves a perpetual vow of celibacy. Ancieat temples, cloistered their vestal virgins and beautiful priestesses ; far out of sight of worldly eyes, reserved for holy purposes, they were the divinely inspired oracles, the only fit vessels through which the word and will of God could be revealed to man. The baptized Jesus, inculcated purity foremost in his system of ethics. The teachings of his apostles whether to Jew or Gentile hold forth this heavenly principle or attribute as the goal of spiritual attainment, recognizing the fact, that because of low conditions, few would be able in this life, to bear the cross and practice the self-denial necessary to reach the perfect state. In every heart, no matter what the education, or yet the ignorance, there lingers a hope of probation, and though long and dark may be the night of error and sin, there will at some future period in the soul's history, be kindled a desire for something better and purer than the unsatisfactory fruits of a sen- sual life. Then will come an awakening—self-judgment—God's light will unveil the soul—the dawning of a new day will break upon the inner vision, and the first thought that shall fill the mind will be purity, it is the presence of God, his light and love—it gilds the mountain tops of His eternal goodness and in its fullness alone will the soul ever find peace and rest or realize the blessing of an unending existence. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.