CHRISTIANITY, 'The End of the World, ' and how it is so. GILES B. AVERY A very' wide-spread, and almost universal effort prevails among Christian professors, so-called, to harmonize the Christian with the worldly life ! The practical consequence is, the corruption^' and, in a large majority of instances, the utter spoliation, characteristically considered, of the Christianity of its professors, who thus, mere nominally, profess it I yhe disciples asked Jesus, 'What shall be the sign of thy coming,' (the second coming of the Christ spirit and dispensation) 'and of the end of the world.' What is to be understood by the ' end of the world' here spoken of? Jesus thus explains, 'The harvest is the end of the Avorld; and the reapers are the angels.' In the parable of the tares, Jesus declared, ' the field is the Avorld. As the tares are gathered and burned in the fire, so shall it be in the end of the world. The Son of Man shall send forth his angels, and shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend, and them Avhich do in- iquity.' Thus Jesus made the end of the Avorld synonymous and synchronous with the purification of his kingdom 3 THE MANIFESTO. with the judgment work ; and he said, 'The Father judgeth no man, but hath committed all judgment unto the son.' Jno. v., 22. And again, 'For judgment I am come into this world' Thus Jesus demonstrated that the 'end of the world' is to be made by the labors of each individual Christian, in himself: for the true Christian is one who lives as Jesus set forth the work of his disciples. 'If any man would be my disciple let him deny himself, take up his daily cross and follow me.' Yet, speaking of his personal will and work, aside from his baptismal commission, Jesus said, 'I can of mine own self, do nothing.' ' As I hear I judge, and my judgment is just, because I seek not mine own will, but the will of the Father which hath sent me.' Jno. v., 30. 'He that rejecteth me and receivetli not my words, hath one that judgeth him— the Word'—testimony 'that I have spoken, the same shall judge him at the last day.' Jno. xii., 48. Here Je,sus forestalled the theological idea of Godship ia his person, abstractly considered, and placed the vice-gerency in his agency, yet only as clothed with his heavenly Father's spirit, and the revelation of God through him. Here we have an example of the end of the world in Jesus, to all intents and purposes, taking all his selfish life. Jesus still further shows upon whom and how the end of the world is to come, thus, 'Verily I say unto you there is no man that has left house, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my sake and the gospel's, but he shall receive an hundred fold, now, in this time, houses, and brethren, and sisters, find mothers, and children, and lands, with persecutions, and in the wrorld to come, eternal life.' Mark xxix., 30. Thus, the leaving of these selfish treasures, was bringing the end of the world to all these self-denying followers, and here we have a plain declaration that the end of the world was synonymous and synchronous with Christ's second coming, but not the end of time with earth's inhabitants, nor yet of the earth's existence, speculative religionists to the contrary, notwithstanding; for the hundred fold treasures above promised were to be enjoyed 'in this time' by those in this world, who had brought ' the end of the world on their own lives.' Thus again is demonstrated that 'the end of the world' is synonymous and synchronous with the harvest, and the 'harvest' is the work of judgment, and thirf is, the gathering out the tares—men's sins—the violation of God's laws, from the field—the world— in all who should be harvested into Christ's kingdom. In other words, bringing the end of the world upon all true and genuine Christians. This brings us to the question,—What is the world which should be brought to an end? The apostle John answers this question thus,—' For all that is in the world, the lusts of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world ; and the world passeth away,'—cometh to an end. 1 Jno. ii., 16, 17. 'My kingdom is not of this world, else would my servants fight' said Jesus ; thus, war is of the world and must cease, with all who come to the end of the world—all true Christians. But, what a spectacle we now behold, the fact of so-called Christian nations, sending forth millions of so-called 4 THE MANIFESTO. Christians to kill each other ; and the nations vieing with each other in inventive skill to produce the most deadly weapons of warfare. ' But what most showed the vanky of life, Was to behold the nations all on fire, In cruel broils engaged, and deadly strife, Most Christian (?) Kings inflamed by black [desire! With honorable (?) ruffians in their hire, Cause war to rage, and blood around to pour. Of this sad work, when each begins to tire, They set them down just where they were [before, Till, for new scenes of woe, peace shall their [force restore. '—Thompson. bhakespere illustrates, ironically, the inconsistency of carnal warfare practiced by persons calling themselves Christians, thus,—'The Priest War- rior.' ' It better showed with you, When, that your flock, assembled by the bell, Encircled you, to hear, with reverence, Your exposition on the Holy Text, Than now, to see you here,- an iron man, Cheering a rout of rebels with your drum, Turning the Word to Sword, and Life to [Death. ' Burke truly said, 'War suspends the rules of moral obligation ; and what is long suspended, is in danger of being totally abrogated. ' Much more does war exterminate the Christian principle of love ; and Jesus said, 'By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye love one another. ' War sets at naught even the Mosaic Law, 'Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.' Even Luther, in his day, declared that ' the principles of Christianity forbade acts of violence, and desired that neither party in a war, should be called Christians.' Napoleon recognized the importance of a depraved character, for a good soldier. He allowed no Chaplain in his army, and was accustomed to say, 'the worse the man, the better the soldier ; and if the soldiers are not corrupt, they should be made so.' But, nations calling themselves Christians, the followers of 'the Prince of Peace' raise and equip hundreds of thousands of men for war; and the blood of untold millions slain in battle, and by the horrible tortures of the inquisition, or by persecution's wand through persons calling themselves Christians, crieth unto God from the ground, and standeth in the high courts of Heaven, as witness against a spurious Christianity. Professed Believers in Christian precepts, can read in their Testaments with awe and veneration. 'Whence come wars and fightings among you ? Come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members. ' ' Ye adulterers and adulteresses,' (of Christianity) ' know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God; whoever, therefore, would be a friend of the world, is the enemy of God,' Yea, Christian professors can quietly read these Christian precepts, but heed them not, and be justly the subjects of censure by the Christian testimony of the same Apostle, thus. 'But be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, de- ceiving your own selves; for, if any man be a hearer of the word and not a doer, he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass ; for he beholdeth himself, and goeth his way, and straightway forgetteth what manner of man he was. ' But, alas, alas ! The Christian admonition in this epistle of the genuine Christian, the Apostle James is called by a great professional reformer of socalled Christian society 'An Epistle of 5 THE MANIFESTO. Straw!'' But, with the tongue of an angel from heaven, this blessed Apostle of Christ, in this epistle, sIioavs that true Christianity is the end of the world to every true follower of Christ, verifying the testimony of Jesus Christ to his true followers, 'Ye are not of the world, for I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you.' Think of it, friends of progress, between 4 and 500,000,000, of people calling themselves Christians—followers of the Prince of Peace—but holding regular standing armies for war, amounting to 3,908,925 soldiers, with numbers on a war footing amounting to 18, 414,525 men, at a cost of $746,448, 600 annually ! Add to all this for Avar, to destroy men's lives, and yet more spent in dissipation in the use of beers, liquors, tobacco &amp;c, than would be requisite for food, clothing, shelter, and needful protection, were all so-called Christians really such, in truth. When Ave survey the status of the so- called Christian world as a mass, in its present state of demoralization, degradation, selfishness, corruption, lust, confusion and strife, instead of that peace Avhich is the genuine fruit of Christianity, after nearly two thousand years of the Christian profession, it would seem to tire out the patience of the saints, in Avaiting for the kingdom of God on earth. What would be thought of a, physician, Avho, having the benefit of two thousand years of the experience of physicians, Avas not able to save one single life and make it whole? Or of a chemist avIio had the benefits of the experimental knowledge of two thousand years of scientific research, but was not yet able to make a simple analysis so as to clearly distinguish substances of elements as opposite as the elements of ihe world, and those of a Christian character? And yet, professors of the chemistry of Christianity, elements that, duly applied, will purify the character from every kind of dross, go on, ostensibly trying to live the Christian life, but pursuing the course of the world, and mixing with their religious professions, all the elements of the A'anity, folly, selfishness, and Avickedness of the Avorld ! No Avonder the name 'Christian' is a by-Avord of reproach among many of the heathen, Avhose homes have been spoliated, Avhose lands have been seized, Avhose families have been ruined and characters corrupted by so-called Chris- tians ! No Avonder that a so-called Christian Priesthood, teaching Avith the Bible in one hand, and a sword in the other, a purchased indulgence to sin in the pocket, with a liquor or prostitution license on the lips, should be scouted as the butt of contempt by the loAver classes ; so that to express extreme disgust of a vile character, the phrase, 'Viler than a priest' should be coined and used in England. With all of the professed reverence of many Christian professors for the Bible, the single epistle of the Apostle James, puts to shame almost the Avhole so-called Christian Avorld, and anchors her sails under the ban of condemnation. While the life of our exemplar Jesus—the King of the Heavenly Order—the true Christian church, is a clear demonstration of the 'end of the world' and his declaration seals the same demonstration as truth. 'The Prince of this Avorld cometh, and findeth nothing in me. ' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.