HINDERING [Contributed by N. G. Danforth.] 'Lest we should hinder the gospel of Christ.' 1 Cor. vi., 12. Many an active willing helper in the church is too often an unconscious hinderer of the gospel. Let us try to find out how we may have hindered, that we may do so no more. A vexation arises, and our expressions of impatience hinder others from taking it patiently. Disappointment, ailments or even weather depresses us ; and our look or tone of depression hinders others from maintaining a cheerful and thankful spirit. We drop a discouraged remark and another's hope and zeal is wet-blanketed. 'Whatman is there that is fearful and faint hearted ? Let him go and return to his house, lest his brethren's heart faint as well as his heart.' We say an unkind thing, and another is hindered in learning the holy lesson of charity that thiuketh no evil. We say a provoking thing, and our sister or brother is hindered in that day's effort to be meek. '' Make straight paths for your feet, lest that wThich is lame be turned out of the way.' We do not heed the thoughtful look on some household face just after prayer or public worship, and our needless chat about earthly things. We make a critical remark about a preacher or writer, and it is brought back by the enemy in swift temptation, at the very moment when a, word in season was about to find en THE MANIFESTO. 11 trance. 'Them that were entering in, ye hindered. ' Oh, terrible condemnation. 'Let not those that seek Thee be confounded for my sake. ' How sadly too, we may hinder without word or act! For wrong-feeling is more infectious than wrong-doing; especially the various phases of ill-temper, gloominess, touchiness, discontent, irritability,—do we not know how catching these are? If the Lord asked us,— Wherefore discourage ye the heart of the children of Israel in this way, should we not be utterly without excuse ? What if He asked each hindered one, ''Who did hinder you?' are our consciences sure our names would not escape mention ? May we never be the helpers of the great hinderer ! When 'Satan hindered' St. Paul, he probably found human agents. Let us ask that the Lord Jesus would so perfectly tune our spirits to the key-note of his exceeding great love, that all our unconscious influence may breathe only of that, and help all with whom we come in contact to obey the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ. And let us consider one another, to provoke unto love and to good works. — Frances Ridley Havergal