THE HOUR AND THE YEAR Over the gateway of the New Year every one writes some new and inspiring resolution. Life may have been small and mean in the past, the days may have been full of selfishness, indifference or languor, but the days to come shall shine with the beauty of unselfish affection, and be full of the fruits of honest work! It seems so easy to shape the future while it is the future. It stretches before the thought in its indeftniteness like a mountain lake at night, fading out into mist, and yet reflecting in its mysterious depths, the very splendor of the heavens. As we stand on the shore of the future, and feel rather than see, the infinite possibilities which shine in it, we forget that those glories are only the reflections of our own noble purpose, and that there is no beauty and light there, unless it be caught from ourselves. The future is not a harvest-field into which we can wander at will and reap the golden grain; it is an unsown field, to be plowed and sown and watched and worked upon, with hourly fidelity, and daily toil, if its furrows are hidden by the waving grain. There is nothing there, but the soil upon which to worK; every thing else the worker must furnish. Opportunities will crowd the days, but will pass empty-handed unless we recognize and hold them; suns will shine, rains fall, dews lie sweet and fresh under the morning sky, but the end of the year will find us as empty and poor,*as the begin- ning, unless we yoke all these elements of success, and drive them with a firm and steady purpose. Men and women who succeed, greatly understand that the future is a matter of detail, and that he who conquers it, makes his conquest, foot by foot. No glowing resolution solemnly made on the first day of the year, consecrates and redeems the time, but the steady discharge of the least and smallest duty, in the largest and most aspiring spirit from sunrise to sunset, the whole year through. An hour at a time, is all the busiest man gets, for tiie grandest work, and to understand, that the hour in hand is the best that will ever come, in which to make one's soul visible and potential in action, is to have mastered the secret of success. There is no form of imagination so fruitful as that which is able to mass the hours together, and give their true proportions, in spite of their poor and mean appearance. To know the value of the present hour, is to know the value of the whole future. The shining stretch of that sea, is as vast as the largest reach of thought can make it, but it pours itself into the individual life, by a channel so small, that men forget the volume back of the hourly flow, and are always waiting for the incoming tide, which shall float the great purposes that now lie stranded and hopeless, Condense and compare your resolution, omit it from your diary, and write it on your hour. Be jealous of your moments, lavish your life, and thought, and heart, on the things of each day, and when the months have made their solemn circle, your resolution will be written across them so broadly, that the world will read it without your interpretation. Christian Union