San Francisco, Cal. June, 1886 Louis Basting, Dear Friend ;— I have received both your letter and pamphlets, for which I am much indebted to you. In the meantime my mind has been highly enlightened in what is called spiritualism. I had finished reading R. I). Owen's ' Foot falls' just the day before your pamphlet (Sketches of Shakers and Shakerism, by Giles B. Avery) came, wherein, to my great satisfaction I found it cited. I found this doctrine, considered by itself, easily understood. As to the phenome-1 na, I am not very anxious to witness or experience them ; they were just the impediments that prevented a correct understanding of true spiritualism. 'A Shaker's answer,' in the pamphlet, had the effect of balm to a sick heart, and I felt myself elevated above all earthly wants and suffering. I, too, claim to be called for a spiritual life. Like St. Augustine, I must thank God to have saved and withdrawn my soul out of the abyss of scholasticism. From the day that I was able to reason for myself I stood alone against all the wisdom of common life, as given by teachers, friends, and even parents, whose best intentions I could not doubt. All warnings and admonitions could not suppress my longing for a higher life. After having blown down the whole artificial fabric I had built during my young life, (just for my parents' sake) abandoning all prospects and hopes already attained, I undertook to look for the realization of my craving in another world. And indeed I have found the 'new world.' Here, in low and humble situations, I viewed the highest regions. Like Moses I was allowed to view the promised land. Shall I be chosen among the few ? I like to compare my life with the following incident that happened the other day. On the road to Golden Gate Park, near the Odd Fellow's cemetery, there is amid the waves of sand-hills one hill towering above them all. On the top a simple wooden cross like an admonishing finger points towards heaven and a higher life to the thousands passing by in search of never satisfying' pleasures and vanities. Last Sunday I took a walk out to breathe a purer air, and coming near this hill the sudden impulse to climb up to that cross was soon followed by the deed. In rash resolution of youth I took just the side before me, which was the steepest one. The sides are sandy, giving no firm support to the foot, which slides back the half of every step. After a few steps I always took a rest and respired, then aspired again. Now I was up half way the other half steeper still and my force growing weaker. I climbed with hands and feet; about thirty feet more and I shall have reached the summit where the upper part of the cross is now visible. But I hardly could go on and nearly fainted, for I was exhausted after this violent exercise, not being ac- customed to it. But with the last effort I reached the summit, clinging to the cross. You have a wide prospect ; there the city of living men, here the city of death. And I said to myself: All I do, speak or think, shall be as if I were on the top of a hill, visible to all, and I'll never be ashamed of any deed, wTord or thought. Believe me willing to be aspiring with all my heart and soul. Yours truly Ernest Pick