Sanitary THE TRUE WAY TO CURE DYSPEPSIA A lady who has suffered from dyspepsia almost all her entire life, considers the fol- lowing suggestions to be the most in accord with her own experience of anything as a method of cure. Hurried eating of meals, followed immediately by some employment that occupies the whole attention, and also takes up all, or nearly all, of the physical energies, is sure to result in dyspepsia in one form or another. Sometimes it shows itself in excessive irritability, a sure indication that the nerve force has been exhausted; the double draft, in order to digest the food and carry on the business, has been more than nature could stand without being thrown out of balance. In another case, the person is exceedingly dull as soon as he has a few minutes of leisure. The mind seems a dead blank, and can only move in its accustomed channels, and then when compelled. This, also, is an indication of nervous exhaustion. Others will have decided pains in the stomach, or a sense of weight, as if a heavy burden was inside. Others, again, will be able to find nothing that will agree with them; everything that is put inside the stomach is made the subject of a violent protest on the part of that organ, and the person suffers untold agonies in consequence. Others suffer from constant hunger. They may eat all they can and feel hungry still. If they feel satisfied for a little time, the least unusual exertion brings on the hungry feeling, ard they can do no more until something is eaten. It is almost needless to say that this condition is not hunger, but inflammation of the stomach. Scarcely any two persons are affected exactly m the same way, the disordered condition manifesting itself according to temperament and occupation, employments that call for mental work, and those whose scene of action lies indoors, affecting persons more seriously than those carried on in the open air, and those which are merely mechanical, and do not engage the mind. All, or nearly all, of these difficulties of digestion might have never been known by the sufferers had they left their business behind them and rested a short time after eating, instead of rushing off to work immediately after hastily swallowing their food. Xature does not do two things at a time and do both well, as a rule. We all know hat when a force is divided, it is weakened. If the meal were eaten slowly, without preoccupation of the mind, and the stomach allowed at the least half-an-hour's chance to get its work well undertaken before the nervous force is turned in another direction, those suffering from dyspepsia would be few. 18 THE MANIFESTO. A physician once said: 'It does not matter what we eat as how we eat it. ' While this is only partly true, it certainly is true that for dyspeptics the most healthful iood hurriedly eaten, and immediately followed by work which engages the entire available physical and mental forces, is much worse than a meal of poor tood eaten leisurely, and followed by an interval of rest. To those whose lives are devoted to physical labor, it is less injurious to work immediately after eating, provided the labor is not unusually severe and straining. The Herald of Health.