Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Prof. Richard T. Ely, Respected Friend ;¦—Your work, *' The Labor Movement' came duly. I have the pleasure to thank you for the book, and to acknowledge our indebtedness for your many labors of love. Your work associates you with the noblest spirits of these eventful times. The violence of the first French Revolution was an outburst against repression. To prevent destructive outbursts of the forces of the stupendous movement, or rather revolution now in progress, is the object of your labors. Hence, witli gladness we hail the publication of 'The Labor Movement.' To acknowledge the wrongs that do exist, and say they ought to be righted, Is to assure to a certain extent, that the procedure of the revolution will be peaceful. Again, the existence of our institutions giving practicability m a quiet way, to socialistic speculations has also a peaceful influence. It is interesting to notice the facts, that socialistic ideas were interwoven with the Jewish economy every seventh year, the products of the vineyards, the olive yards, and of the fields, became common property. And that the first manifestations of Christiau life were socialistic. The British House of Peers, is a repressive institution. A certain amount of blind stupidity on their part would endanger the public peace. In these States, to maintain peace, and give perpetuity to their institutions, an early practical recognition 'That all men are not only .equal before God, before each other, and before the Law, but that all men and women shall have equal access to all the elements of subsistence.' This, with some financial limitations, would go a great way towards solving all of our badly snarled social problems. The weakness of this Republic lies in the fact, that she has not yet reached to the opening of said access—she has not yet reached to giving practicability to her 'Declaration of Independence.' Hence she has social troubles, as have other unfinished forms of political life. All men and women having said access, class distinctions would disappear, and also the systems of education supporting such distinctions. Under the present forms of education, we have educated men in, and out of Penitentiaries, who are villians of size. The largest, at large, absorbing Legislatures, ruling over men, and assuming to call themselves society. Modern education is based on the expansion of the intellect, and character is not even incidental. Such being the case, would it not be well, to accept the suggestion, ' That Primary schools, Universities, and kindred institutions, take a change of base—That the formation of character, and not the cramming of the intellect, shall be the prime endeavor. Man being dual in his emotional forces, as either prevail, so is the man, so is the woman, animal or divine. The intellect, is but the servant of these forces. Hence it is a mistake to neglect the emotional impulses, they being the 8 THE MANIFESTO. 9 chief factors in the formation of char- acter. This state of things characterized the heathen of old, as it does to-day most prominently. The civilizations of old became putrid, and passed away iD decomposition in the height of intellectual unfoldmetvts. One of the remains of Roman civilization, is the beggared bandit populace of Italy. To seek to improve, or to revise the present system of education, would show a lack of comprehension. To upset the whole fabric, remove its foundations, abrogate its procedure, and nullify effects ; is what is wanted. The origin of our educational system is from that of heathen Greece and Rome. The people of these states, when most enlightened, were the most debauched. The unrestrained gratification of animal desires, was the fulfillment of Pagan ideals. Their hygiene, was without law. Their morals, conventional heathenism. In both particulars, the Christian of to-day, is a transcript, only more ignoble. If society expects educational institutions to turn out just, kindly, and serviceable men and women ; it must furnish a suitable foundation. The elements of subsistence must be open to all. All kinds of legalized robberies must cease, and financial iniquities be done away with. They have created a most insidious form of human vassalage. ' That which is the most real, is the unseen. ' Ourb is a world of effects— of unfoldments. The unseen, is the world of causes, of conception, of organization, of design. Unless there are forces, powers, sufficiently strong and intelligent to intro- duce and maintain higher civilizations than now is, our efforts will be failures, and our aspirations after higher forms of social life will be unavailing. Suppose we construct history by, and with the events of the past three hundred and sixty years. The rapid suc- cession of important events, spiritual and material; the order of their introduction, and results, during that time, are truly marvelous. First, we have the Reformation, or rather ' the Great Protest.' Then we have the Puritan. In due time, the Quaker ; and by and by, the Shaker. Well, what has the Puritan done? He earned his title—He lived a purer life than those around him, and firmly withstood cruel repression. Took possession of a new world and filled it with almost magical devices to facilitate production, and lessen toil. He has opened widely all the avenues of thought; and has secured to all, freedom to worship God in unison with their highest ideals. And also, freedom to bring forth forms of social life, whether from spiritual impressions or from philosophic thought. To his home the op- pressed of all nations wend their weary steps. From the moors and bogs, from the Rhine and the Volga, they come. The spirit of the Puritan from ocean to ocean, presides over his vast domain, and gives a oneness to his mixed multitudes. The influence of his spirit is world-wide, to liberalize governments, and to elevate the lowly. What has the Quaker done ? He would not take off his hat to noble, prince, or king. That was the 'First Declara- tion—All men are equal before God. ' He was the first to free the slave. The first to move in '' the Temperance cause.' He was the first in modern times to practice Non-resistance—To raise the standard of 'Peace on earth, good will 10 THE MANIFESTO. to all. ' He was the first to exclude from his sphere of social life want and crime. He was a divine force among men, to prepare the way for the advent of the divine man and woman—the Shaker. The supernatural gifts of the early Friends, were remarkable. Some of their predictions were as striking, and as completely fulfilled as any on record. He is crowned with peaceful victories. The Shaker, what has he done ? The form of social life he maintains is.a complete and ample fulfillment of the '•Lord's Prayer;' he maintains, that there is a state of probation beyond the grave. That the 'spirits in prison'' can be preached to—can be helped and released. That to be clothed with the spirit of Christ, is the, and the only Resurrection. He holds, that there is no material hell; that the love of God shed abroad in the sinner's heart, is all the hell that can be endured. He has done away with want, crime, panics, and labor troubles. His is the Millennial day. His home is open to all who will accept it on millennial terms. Can he do more ? His ideas operate as do the leaves of the 'Tree of Life'—for the healing of the nations. The Shaker, the Quaker, the Puritan. The apex of this triangular base,— Shakerism, penetrates the heavens. A beacon light to humanity. Clothed with the sun, sublunary attractions under her feet. She is crowned with the stars of heaven—the Christian virtues. Her mode of ascension, and procedure, is, ' He or she, who would be great, let them be servants.' To the surging millions she waves her hand, the lan- guage of her silence is, 'Peace be still. Violence, gains no victories. ' Please accept from us many good wishes, and allow us to pray that your life to yourself, and to humanity, may be full of blessings. Respectfully your friend, D. Fraser