The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker. No. 10 Published expressly for the several Communities of Believers in IS 16. Re-written by Henry C. Blinn Mother Ann and the Elders visit Petersham, Mass. In December, 1781, Mother Ann and the Elders made a journey to Petersham, which is forty miles west from Harvard. It was along and wearisome journey and quite late in the evening when they reached the residence of Thomas Hammond. The whole family were anxiously watching in expectation of their arrival. 'It is good to watch,'' said Mother, ' and you should always watch and always pray. ' The next day being the Sabbath a large company of people came to attend the meeting. Elder James Whittaker preached the gospel of Jesus Christ from these words : ' Cleanse your hands ye sinners, and purify your hearts ye double minded : be afflicted and mourn and weep.' James iv., 8, 9. He urged the necessity of confessing, forsaking and repenting of all sin. '•What is cleansing the hands,' said he, ''but the confession of sin? and what is purifying the heart, but forsaking them? And what is being afflicted and mourning and weeping but repenting of sin?' His discourse continued nearly two hours. This was the first visit that the Believers had made to the town of Petersham, and the people, generally, manifested a desire to see and hear for themselves. As all conducted with civility they were allowed the full liberty of the meeting. At the Monday evening service a large number of well-ordered, civil people attended, and also a company of lewd fellows who styled themselves the. '•Black Guard Committee.' Elder James gave notice that all who had come with an honest desire to obtain information, might walk into an adjoining room. Quite a number accepted the invitation and gave due respect to the occasion. The above n^med Committee, however, remained in the rear, as they had come, evidently, for no good purpose. Elder James opened the Bible and read a selection, and then began to speak. At this same lime the Committee began to crowd into the room and were gradually moving toward the place where Mother Ann and some of the Sisters were seated. As the at THE MANIFESTO. tention of the assembly was so closely directed to the preacher, this movement of the mob had not attracted much notice. Instantly the cry was heard, 'knock out the lights.' In a moment the lights were extinguished except the one used by Elder James. The mob immediate- ly forced a passage from the door to that part of the room occupied by the Sisters. Three ruffianly characters, having their faces painted black, rushed forward and seized Mother Ann, and attempted to drag her from the room. In this attempt, however, they were foiled by the sudden appearance upon the scene of several able sisters, who succeeded in driving these white and black savages from the house. After a few closing words from Elder James, the meeting was dismissed and the people passed quietly and peacefully from the place. The mob had left the premises, and all danger, apparently, was at an end. Some entertained fears that tha mob would return. The Believers that lived in the neighborhood also returned to their homes, leaving only a small company to remain in the house. As the family wTere retiring to rest, the house was again assaulted by some thirty persons belonging to the 'Black Guard Committee.' The doors were burst open and suddenly the house, was filled with the uproar of this cruel and wicked horde. David Hammond was knocked down and cruelly beaten. His wife, Mary, was subjected to the same inhuman treatment. Elder James was so abu- sively beaten, that for a time, he w^as not expected to live. Several other persons suffered more or less abuse. As their object was to seize Mother Ann, they began a search through the premises. Not being able to obtain lamps and candles for this purpose, the mob caught burning sticks from the fire to be used as torches, and hurried through the house. They broke into the private chamber where Mother Ann had retired, and seizing her by force, inhumanly dragged her from the house. With as little care as they Avould exercise over a beast, they threw her into a sleigh and drove away from the place. The conduct of this company of men, in acts of inhumanity and of indecency were too disgraceful to comment upon. In this situation, in December, a night cold and stormy, Mother Ann was obliged to ride a distance of three miles to Peckham's tavern. Elder William Lee and David Hammond folloAved the company, but were severely beaten witli blows from their whips. The Brethren remonstrated with Peckham, who had hired these brutal men, against the ungodliness and cruelty of their behavior. Being ashamed of their conduct and fearful of the consequences, for a violation of the law, the men now promised to release Mother Ann upon condition that David Hammond would sign an obligation not to pi'osecute them for what they had done. On account of the safety of Mother Ann he reluctantly yielded to their demands, and left them to answer at the bar of divine Justice for a crime, for which they were unwilling to appear before an earthly tribunal. Mother Ann was accordingly released and in company with the Brethren, taken back to the residence of David Hammond, by the same men that carried her away. On her arrival at the house she sang for joy at the thought of 2 THE MANIFESTO. her restoration. The 'Black Guard' had now white faces, and were ashamed of their conduct, and confessed that Mother Ann had been shamefully abused. They admitted that they were sorry for the deeds done and desired her forgiveness. Mother Ann replied, 'I can freely forgive you, and I pray God to forgive you.' After their departure, Mother Ann related the wicked abuse to which she was subjected by these merciless men. 'I thought,' said she, 'that they would take my life, as they dragged me from the house and threw me into the sleigh. But I was kindly treated at the house where they carried me. The woman in charge offered me some drink and a place in a comfortable room. One of the men that carried me away gave me a kerchief to throw over my head, and another loaned me a garment to wear home.' The forgiving spirit in Mother Ann was ready to acknowledge any kindness even if found in her worst enemies. Elder James who had been so severely beaten, had partially recovered, and in referring to the act, said he could pray for them and kneeling, said, 'Father, forgive them, tor they know not what they do.' Some of this abusive company who were supposed to be very respectable members of a respectable Christian society, were found to be the instigators and leaders of this cruel mob. Sanders the deacon of a Presbyterian church, and Peckham, the sheriff of the county, with John llawksy were the persecutors of Mother Ann. The people of Petersham seemed to be very much enraged. There Avas nothing too bad for professor or profane to say or do against the Believers in general and especially against Mother Ann in particular. The priest in his pulpit was as active in his accusations and as slanderous in his speech as were those Avho made no profession of religion. The general cry Avas, 'Witchcraft and delusion. '