Shakers, Albany Co., N. Y. Aug. 1886 My Dear Sistkii L.— Your beautiful letter came duly to hand, for which accept many thanks. I count it a great privilege, that I have enjoyed, to see so many dear gospel relations, and feel their devotion to this all important, soul elevating work. Not only are they working out their own salvation, but are holding out the beacon lijrht to others. This is a most commendable feature of the travel of the sisterhood, in our Zion home. Having found the pearl of priceless value, and obtained it by a full surrender, and giving up of all that belongs to a selfish nature, we are thus enabled to work for humanity, and secure for ourselves that blessed benediction, ' well done, good and faithful servant.' While so many may admire our order of life, and the fruits of the holy spirit, but few are willing to unite in the song of redemption, still, we have our duty to perform, in sowing the good seed. Let us sow beside all waters, sowearly, sow late and sow in all fields, even if the pleasures of the world should choke the good seed. Some germ may remain, and spring up and bear fruit, after the harvest of thistles and weeds, have somewhat passed away. Some persons may be so spiritually blind that they are not able to see how much better it is to give the first ripe fruits of their souls to God, and devote the strength of their days to his service, but such rather wait till self is served and no sacrifice make in their offering to God. Let us remember our covenant, and keep it unbroken, and not present to the Lord a broken covenant, an offering He cannot accept. My covenant of fall consecration shall be made strong with every faithful soul, throughout our many beautiful homes. For the many tokens of love and respect, bestowed upon the order, of which your humble servant, largely shared, we extend our heart felt thanks. All of those good gifts are placed on the altar, as an offering to the Lord. In our prayers we ask that all may have their days of usefulness and 7 THE MANIFESTO. strength, lengthened, and that the sun of righteousness may shine brightly upon them through their pilgrimage here lelow. Your Sister, Harriet Bullard