Tribute of Love to Sister Mary A. Kelley Contributed by Lena E. Pickard, one of her pupils Dearest Sister thou hast left us Life's short span is at an end; All too soon, death has bereft us, Of a sister and a friend. Entering quietly among us, With a solemn, silent tread, And hath taken from our number, One now counted with the dead. Pause ! we cry, 0 angel reaper, Stay thy hand, and heed our cry, Do not thus bereave our household, Hear, and heed, and pass us by. But the Master's need is greater, One more sheaf, the garner fills ; And the form of our dear sister, Lieth silent, cold, and still. And we bow, a stricken household, As we gather here to-day; To do honor, to our sister, Ere we lay her form away. We have known thee, but to love thee, Though we've known thee, long and well And no one can fill the places, That in life thou filled so well. When we saw your step grow feeble, Saw the strength of life depart; Saw thy form grow weak and weaker, Then we knew that we must part. Knew that soon from out our circle, We should miss thy sailing face ; Knew that soon, we'd find another. In thy old accustomed place. And we pray, 0 dearest sister, If we've caused thee pain and grief; By an unkind word or action, In thy journey here so brief; That thou wilt forgive our weakness, And though oft we caused thee pain, Know the fount, of love undying, In our hearts, was still the same. We have brought a wreath of flowers, And we lay them at thy shrine ; They will never fade or wither, But brighter grow, with lapse of time. 'Tis a wreath of pure affection, Amaranthine flowers are seen, Closely twined, and neatly blended, While mem'ry, keeps them ever green. Love, the lily white and fragrant, Friendship's green and living vine, True affection's sweetest l-oses, From the garland we entwine. And in gratitude we bring it As an offering that will live ; When our earthly form shall slumber, In the cold and silent grave. Fare thee well, though we consign Thy mortal form unto the sod; Yet we know thy spirit's living, In the blissful realms of God. And the parting is but transient, Thou hast only gone before; To the home of blessed promise, On the bright eternal shore. Farewell, dearest friend, and sister; May thy spirit rest in peace, Thou art free from earthly suffering, Pain and sorrow now shall cease. Fare thee well, we gently breathe it, THE MANIFESTO. 18 Angels wait to bear thee o'er To'thy home in brighter regions, On that blest immortal shore. Harvard, Mass.