THE MANIFESTO. JANUARY, 1887 Office of publication The Manifesto is published at Shaker Village, Mer. Co. N. H. All articles for publication should be addressed to Henry C. T3unn, and all letters on financial business to A. Y. Cochran. .70 .40 One copy per year, postage paid. ' ' six months, ' Send for specimen copy, free. NOTES, THE NEW YEAR The dawn of a welcome new year. It comes as a most beautiful gift from the Divine Hands. May it be to all our dear friends, a new, A happy New Year ! and no less in its development an inspirational new year, that it may represent to us more fully the growth of (he new heavens and the new earth wherein shall dwell righteousness and peace. Abundant blessings have been proffered to us, and as we bid farewell to the friendly old year, we will rei-nember that on every hand we have seen and shared the kind guardian care of our Heavenly Father and Mother,—God. Seed time and harvest have been to us in all the plenitude of the promise, giving the renewed assurance that a wise protective spirit still watches over the interests of the whole earth. If the heavy hand of adversity has unfortunately fallen upon us, for a moment, we may still rejoice that while we were wounded, we were not destroyed, ' persecuted, but not forsaken, ' and though deprived of some few of our earthly comforts, we still retain our precious, gospel homes. A new year would be incomplete without new thoughts and a new inspiration. We need these to clothe the mind and bring forth a more consecrated life for God and for humanity. New resolutions that shall embody additional zeal and interest for the promotion of righteousness in the earth, and the determined effort we make, that this may be accomplished, will be proof of our devotion to the cause. Our extended privilege will, evidently, afford us ample opportunity for the manifestation of our anxious care in the dissemination of the truth as we have learned it of the Divine Teacher, and also for the promulgation of the spirit of God as it has been received into our hearts. If we can do but little toward the mitigation of the ills of humanity, and for the education of the mind that it may be better able to accept of higher religious truths, that little will be our great consolation, and our crown of eternal life. While some may be justified to tistand still and see the salvation of God,' we are assured that in order to live and prosper in the service of the Lord Jesus we must walk as|hetwalked, live as he lived, and crucify in our own souls the element of the world, with all its affections and lusts. With the apostles become teachers of this essential, Christian discipline. 'God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me and I unto the world. ' Of one thing we are fully persuaded : that the manifestations which accompany this spirit will bring the sure evidence 16 TERMS. January, THE MANIFESTO. 17 of a happy and prosperous new year, and culminate in a bounteous and satisfactory reward. The Manifesto enters upon the work of a new year. With the present number it begins the seventeenth volume. In this we have the assurance that its past record has been carefully guarded and that its mission has beeu good news to many readers, and we are now led to believe that the pages for the incoming year will be no less satisfactory. 'Those who have tasted of the good word of God and of the powers of the world to come,' will undoubtedly have a desire to place their living testimony before the readers of the Manifesto, and in this way be able to give to God and to humanity some of the treasures which have beeu so bountifully conferred upon them. Our honest testimony, although simple, may have in it goodly treasures from a heavenly kingdom,—the pi'otective gifts of God. If we can so live as to merit the blessing of divine protection, and in return accept the pleasure of assisting others, this most assuredly, will form the happiness that is to be found in this life.