EDUCATION ROBERT AITKEN This being an important subject, and more than once discussed in the Manifesto, perhaps a little more about it may not be amiss. As commonly understood to educate is to impart knowledge from the possessor to one ignorant of that knowledge. The possessor of knowledge is active to instruct when he finds one willing to receive. Here comes in the question, whether education is bounded by human knowledge. We who talk of being taught the way of God, and the way out of all sin, cannot rest there ; because we experience a deeper teaching by revelation, which has been obtained by submission and not by any objective study. If then all is to come under the head of Education, the one is objective and the other subjective education. Hence the question, Is this the whole? As before stated Man can educate only objectively and subjectively. But it is a self-evident truth, that the latter is limited to teaching the conditions required to obtain what the gospel of salvation from sin can give. It is also selfevident that the gospel is the poioer of God unto salvation, which we receive after we have been taught the needful conditions, and have submitted ourselves to them. Hence man's agency in the educational as relating to the gospel is to teach the needful conditions. God's agency, after we have submitted to the required conditions, is to create in us a New Being or a new creature. These are the only terms on which we can be benefited by all that education can give us for the proper development cither of our physi- cal, intellectual, and spiritual or Godlove natures; because man is a free agent and God can do nothing for him except as he submits to his terms. This gives those of small abilities or knowledge the same hope for redemption as those of greater abilities or attainments ; for God is just. In order to cast off all ground for selfexaltation it seems necessary to remember that Paul may plant and Apollos may water but God alone can give the increase. The foundation of all human misery is that man will not submit himself to receive the spiritual or love nature which can alone bring the light and life or intellectual and physical natures into proper order. It is superficial to look at the unfoldment of man's outward faculties as being of first importance in the gospel which, while it will inevitably develop the whole man, yet primarily is designed to unfold the inner or spiritual powers on the basis of a gradual death to the carnal worldly life. Enfield, Conn.