PEACE CHAUNCY DIBBLE There is no germ in the human mind more precious than a clear conscience. To feel that each day our work for eternity is being done. God the Father and Mother of all intelligences created them for happiness in a life of innocence not in sensational enjoyments which only demoralize the mind, but in the fruits of the spirit of harmony and love. Every lesson in the experience of humanity proves that virtue alone brings happiness. When shall we hail this universal harmony ? Will man ever learn that love begets love? Shall wars ever cease, and will men yet be brothers? Shall human life always be valued as mere straws? Shall one man continue to lead thousands to be butchered and men to be put up as marks to be shot at? Shall the happiness of their families at home be of no account in the reckoning of men of military fame? O, will the world not move on to a better state. Is not arbitration preferable to war and slaughter even though a great sacrifice of national pride be the consequence ? Surely, pecuniary interests are never benefited. A congress of nations might settle disputes with far less expense than war could possibly do and avoid the human butchery, save the widows and orphans, do away with the inconsistency of forcing men from their employment on the authority of Government to maintain war, a relic of barbarism, national highway robbery. Overlooking the cost the sacrifice of life the widows and orphans, the maimed and the tramps, look at the destruction of morals by the vicious tend- encies of war and camp life. The blunt 12 THE MANIFESTO. ing of every virtuous feeling of humanity, the contradiction of all the principles of Christianity, the ignoring of all physiological laws of health or happiness, the utter disregard of the feeling of brotherhood inasmuch as national gods are supreme, all pray to their respective gods in the name of Christ to destroy the other. Military despotism is a power above powers from whose crushing car none can escape. To whose authority all gods must bow and human life and happiness be sacrificed. If these utterances were untrue we might all feel comforted, but who can deny them in view of the misery that has stalked the earth from its earliest history. War is but the outward expression of the selfishness that reigns and riots within the heart. War would never be if men were pure within. Wheu men purify their lives then will wars cease. Watervliet, N. Y.