From the Little Children. Winter is here again with... Wintek is liere again with its snow and ice, I would like it if I did not get so cold. I like spring best. I love to see the trees budding and the flowers blooming and the pretty green grass. In the spring 1 love to go down on the cliffs and see the wild flowers and watch the waterfalls. In the fall the leaves on the cliffs are very pretty so many colors together. When I stand upon the cliffs I can see the river, it looks like it was standing still, yet I know it is running as fast as it can into another river which runs to the ocean. The dear Manifestos come every month and we girls like to read them, we find some pretty verses which we memorize. We all want it to come another year. Alice Montgomery, age 8yrs. Pleasant //ill, Ktj. . MANNERS AT TABLE. The face and hands should be washed and the hair should be brushed and combed nice, ly. We should eat with our fork and use 6ur knives to prepare our food. We should not gaze at other people when they are eat ing. We should bend slightly forward. When we take our chairs, we should move them as quietly as possible. We should take soup from the side of the spoon. When any one meets with an accident it is impolite and unkind to laugh or gaze at them. We should not fill a cup more than two thirds full. We should not drink out of the saucer. Before and after taking our food we should ask, with a thankful heart, the blessing of our heavenly Father. Jennie L. White. RABBITS The rabbit is a beautiful little creature with long ears and soft fur. They are very timid and are startled at the first sound. They look like the woodchuck in some ways but are smaller. They make their hole underground and it is so deep that you cannot get them out. There are different kinds of rabbits. There are the wild rabbits and tame ones. I like the wild ones best because they look so pretty running about so wild and free. I always thought that animals were much happier when they were free as God made them than they would be if they were caught and tamed. Babbits are of various colors, black, white, red and gray. I think the white rabbits are the prettiest. The white rabbits have pink eyes and the rest have gray ones. Wild rabbits are good to eat. I have had some two or three times and I thought them very nice. The rabbit is like the hare but is much smaller and has shorter legs and ears. Lizzie Shepard. TREES. [The following article was copied from a blackboard ^i one of our district schools. It was dictated by as many pupils as it has sentences, and written upon the board by one of the teachers. It was a very pleasant and commendable exercise.] Thehe are several kinds of trees. Trees are valuable for lumber and some for fruits. The mountain ash has little red berries. They grow in clusters. There is another which is called the aspen tree. The leaves are always in motion. The evergreen stays green all the year round. The red maple has red blossoms. There are three kinds of maple. The red maple, the rock maple and the white maple. Maple trees are very useful. We get sap from the maple tree, and boil it down to sugar. Without trees our home M'ould not be as beautiful as it is now.