REMINISCENSES OF MY SHAKER CHILDHOOD. WINTER. 'Let not ambition mock their useful toil Their homely joys and destiny obscure. ' When at length winter had fairly set in we began our regular work and were soon as happy as when we had more time for play. At first I was taught to knit and so many were the pairs of socks we knit that sometimes I used to wonder in a childish way where they all went to for to my mind wre furnished enough to supply all the world including Central Africa and Farther India. The weary work however, did me much good for I learned that time and patience which is said to make the mulberry tree into silk.. would also make the sheep's coat into comfortable socks, and also that this same patience was a virtue which I sadly needed and I seemed in a fair way to attain to it. Now, although the cold must have been intense I can't remember that I ever suffered from it, for there was such life giving power in the crisp air that sent the warm blood dancing through my veins, and why should not my feet dance too. At any rate they did trip over the smooth crust which formed over the top of the snow, as did many others besides mine. Who among us can forget the glorious slides we used to have on the sparkling surface before breakfast under the morning stars; and such exciting races where the victor won instead of the laurel wreath, roses, whose brilliancy outrivaled any that ever grew on bushes. 'We would sometimes meet with mishaps the worst of which was the running into a wall a sled loaded with little ones, and even then there was but one nose turned wrong, and that has long since come so straight that if the owner follows it she will never be found in crooked ways. So where's the harm ? As I grew a little older I was taught to weave shaker bonnets which was a task I delighted in, for the stir and motion of the loom suited me much better than the continuous knitting. Here I could exercise my fancy in color somewhat, and that always gave me pleasure. Table mats and trimming engaged much of the time, and the knittinghour then seemed more like rest than work, for it came only in the evening. Such good home meetings we used to have and how full of good resolutions we were, and the inclement weather without seemed to draw us together. Every one of my companions are as clear in my memory as though we had met within the year. One face that I used to see more than the others, for we faced each other as we worked, comes up before me as I write. The mirthful twinkle in the eyes is an ever present memory when I think of those by-gone days. Though seemingly merry, careless girls we were gaining for ourselves golden grains to store for future use, and many a time and oft they have Veen like water to the thirsty soul. I remember that I used to form good resolutions and when I found myself in danger would flee rather than succumb as I feared I might do, and so doing discovered that ': Discretion was the better part of valor. ' I have tender memories and grateful affection toward all who were thus associated with me then and my recollections retain nothing but hearty kindness and earnest regard. And in the years that have intervened I have found strength to withstand and grace to overcome through their wise counsel. Winter. What cared we for it: had we not warm homes and warmer hearts that protected us from wintry weather without and foes within? Toward all such I shall always feel, Pleasant memories softly stealing' Echoing thoughts of former 3 ears, Faces of the past revealing Bathed in memory's silent tears. Anna P. Carll. Providence, K. I.