Testimony of PRUDENCE HAMMOND. In my youthful days I often felt greatly exercised in mind about a future state. The exercises of my mind were more than I could express to any one. I knew I daily lived in sin, and could find no way out. I often prayed to God as well as I knew how, but found no releasement. These exercises increased upon me as I grew older, so that at the age of nineteen, which was the time of the great revival in New Lebanon, I was exceedingly wrought upon; but I could find no way out of sin, nor could I find any one that could help me or show me the way out. I could not even find one in whom I could place confidence as a Christian leader, because I did not see any one who manifested by the works of righteousness that the spirit of Christ was formed within, which I believed really necessary in order to be a Christian. I kept house for my father at that time, and though he was a professor of religion, I could find no help from him. Some would tell me I was converted and born of God, and try to persuade me to be baptized and join the church ; but all this availed nothing ; it would not ease my troubled conscience. I felt myself a child of wrath, and greatly feared the judgments of God. I had been in this troubled state of mind about three years when I first saw Mother Ann and the Elders. I visited them in June, 1780, being then twenty years of age. Mother asked me if I was sick of sin I told her I saw no way out of sin. She repeated the question, 'Are you sick of sin?' I knew not what to say. She turned to some who were present and said, 'This young woman is sick of sin.' Then turning to me, she said, 'You can find no way out of sin till you confess your sins.' She then told me of some circumstances and mentioned a number of the transactions of my childhood and youth, which I knew it impossible for her to know but by divine inspiration. I said within myself, 'Is not this the anointed?' Here I felt that I had found somebody that could help me, and show me the way out of sin ; and truly it proved so. I found no deception nor witchcraft here- -nothing but the plain and honest truth, and my conscience bore witness to it. Here I found, for the first time, the image of Christ displayed in his followers ; a people who manifested true godliness in all their deportment. Here I was taught to confess and forsake all my sins, as the fruits of the only true repentance which is acceptable in the sight of God; and to take up a full cross against every carnal indulgence, and deny myself of all ungodliness and every worldly lust, and live a pure and chaste life. I confessed my sins, and felt as though I was confessing them to God iu the presence of his witnesses ; and I found great releasement of soul by it. Mother bid me take faith in the power of God, that my life might be according to my faith. She said 'If you will be faithful and obedient, you will never want for bread ;' not natural bread, said she, 'I mean the bread of life. ' Ireturned home with full confidence in her testimony, and a settled determination to maintain it. My health was restored. At another time I visited them at Watervliet, when Mother told me the state of my own mind and feelings, just as they were, without any information from me whatever. These things were, at that early age of my faith, a sufficient confirmation to me of her spiritual sight and discernment, if I had never received any further evidence: but I have since felt too much evidence in my own soul, and had too great experience of such divine manifestations ever to have a moment's doubt. Mother was always meek and harmless in her manners, and manifested a pure and unspotted life in all her movements. I visited Mother at AshfieM, at a time when there was a great concourse of people there, from various parts of the country, and much work to be done, especially on the part of the sisters. A little time before this I had the bone of one of my fingers broken, and it was very much swelled, so that I could not use that hand. I mentioned this cir cumstance to Mother and she sent word that if I had faith in the power of God, I might be healed. I immediately unbound my hand without any inconvenience. My hand was well and remained so. - - When Mother was taken from the house of George Darrow by the mob and so cruelly abused, I was there. By her direction I kept by the side of the carriage all the way to Grant's. Some of the wicked men tried to beat me off, but were not able. Mother often encouraged me to keep up, and not let my faith fail, and said, ' You will not be hurt. ' When she arrived at the house of Eleazer Grant, the mob crowded around her. She requested them to stand off, but they refused. One man in particular was very rude and insolent. Hannah Kendall, who was with Mother, from a sudden impulse of feeling spoke with considerable energy, and said, 'Go off- -you are a' thief and a robber.' This greatly offended the man, and he swore she should prove it. Mother instantly called out, 'Where is Prudence ?' I stepped up to her- -'He?e,' said she, 'Hannah has called this man a thief and a robber, and he says she shall prove it.' I replied, ' It is the truth of God, Mother- -he broke into my father's house, and stole a large sum of money.' This I spoke from the immediate impulse of my feelings, for I did not know the man. But he was highly offended and struck me; and I found him to be the very man who, some time before, actually broke into my father's house, one night, and took a considerable sum of money ; but was soon after detected and brought to justice. His comrades, who knew the truth of this charge, laughed at him on the spot; and the guilty culprit soon sneaked off, and we saw him no more. Through all the violent and abusive transactions of this day, Mother remained firm and composed ; and though she was shamefully abused, and treated with savage cruelty, she bore it with patience. During the ministration of Mother Ann I had opportunities of seeing her, and being with her a great deal. A little before she left this world I was with her most of the time, day and night, for a number of weeks ; and I can testify before all people, that she was the most godly person I ever saw, in all her manners and deportmen1;. She bore a powerful and swift testimony against all pride, lust, covetousness, idleness, extravagance, intemperance, drunkenness, and every kind of excess. She taught us that all these things, and evil of every kind must be done away ; that nothing could be saved but what was of God; and she always confirmed her precepts by her own example in all things. And I can truly say, I never saw anything in her conversation and conduct, from the first day I saw her till she left this world, but what bore witness that she was led and governed by a spirit of pure godliuess. One might as well try to convince me that there is no day nor night, as to alter my faith concerning Mother Ann. I know of a truth that Christ was manifested in her ; because I know that I received the spirit of Christ through her ministration. I have obeyed her testimony and I have ever found the same spirit in all her successors, down to the present day. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.