The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker. No. 11. Published expressly for ike several Communities of Believers in 1S16. Re-written by Henry C. Blinn. Mother Ann and the Elders, return to Harvard. Soon after the sad termination of the visit to the town of Petersham, Mother Ann and the Elders returned to Harvard for their home, and from that place made occasional visits to the Believers in Shirley, Woburn and other places, confirming them in their most holy faith. The opposition in and about Harvard continued to manifest itself and frequently brought severe sufferings upon the Believers. Threats were made by secret as well as by open enemies and individuals were subjected to abuse, such as stoning, pilfering, cheating, mocking and other acts of meanness, nod yet no general persecution had been experienced. As the gospel increased and the testimony of truth prevailed, those who were opposed began to be more and more alarmed. Auti-christ could not endure a religion which threatened thedestruction of the foundation of his kingdom. He could not allow so many of bis subjects to pass from darkness to light, by converting them from the error of their ways. As the Believers were averse to wars and fightings, and as this principle had been inculcated by Mother Ann and the Elders, it was conspicuously brought forward as a suspicious evidence of their hostility against the -best interests of the public. Through pretence of fear for the safety of the country this was made the foundation for a general alarm, and measures were taken to prevent the apprehended danger. The worldly wise men finally decided that Mother Ann and the Elders must be driven from the town of Harvard. Arrangements were accordingly made and in January 1782... a captain of the militia with a company of men presented themselves before the residence of the Believers, and there received orders to drive the Shakers from the town unless they would promise to leave by a specified time. On the arrival of this lawless gang, the Believers were assembled for worship in the Square House. The militia were stationed around the dwelling, with clubs poised on their shoulders after the man- ner of muskets, evidently thinking that ^bj this maneuver they could frighten the Believers. The captain at once obtained peaceful admittance into the house, and with a show of authority, requested Mother Ann and the Elders to leave the, town. Mother Ann replied, 'I expect to go to-morrow, if it is God's will. ' 'Very well,' said the captain, 'if you are going so soon as that, I shall ilet you alone.' Soon after this, while taking his leave, he again promised not to molest her, as she was going away to-morrow. ' Yea, ' said Mother, 'I expect to go to-morrow, if it is God's will, and I shall return the next day, if it is God's will.' The captain left the house to join his - -company. During this interview, several of the soldiers had entered the room where the family were engaged in worship. Some of them manifested an unbecoming rudeness by entering the .apartments where they were not welcomed. The Brethren zealously defended their home as best they could from the advances of such a lawless class of men. Daniel Wood who stood guard, before one of the doors, was abusively treated hj a violent man in the company. He was beaten over the head with a club and left helpless and bleeding profusely. The captain on seeing this made inquiries into the cause, ' One of your men did it, ' replied Daniel- The captain ordered his men to leave the house fimmediately. They soon passed out and the whole company left the place without offering any further abuse at this time. The next day Mother and the Elders went from Harvard, but returned again in a few days to see the Believers at the Square House. As they had been so unkindly threatened for some time and disturbed with mobs, and feeling that their way was nearly hedged up for usefulness in Harvard, they were brought under severe suffering of soul. Through the ministration of the spirit they were warned of God to leave their home in Harvard, and at once assembled the Believers, and encouraged them to remain steadfast aud faithful to the cross of Christ. This was a day of deep tribulatiou. Strong hearts were bowed in sorrow. Men who for years had bravely battled with carnal weapons against the enemies of their country, and who gloried in the salvation which their own arms had wrought for the nation, had now laid aside all their weapons of war that they might ' put on the whole armor of God, and be able to fight against the powers of darkness.' They were learning a Christian experience. 'My kingdom,' said Jesus, 'is not of this world, therefore my soldiers will not fight.' The assembly were all on their knees in fervent prayer for protection. Mother Ann was in prayer with her children. ' I should be willing to die,' said she, 'and go to our Lord aud Christ, if you could do without me.' All well knew that she was called of God to preserve her life that she might do good to the whole household of faith. This Avas an effecting and sad season for all, and many of the Believers, at this time, consecrated aneAv their lives to God. After the last farewell was spoken. Mother Ann aud the Elders aud Mary Partington journeved as far as the resi- dence of Zacheus Stevens. Early the following morning the mob came to the Square House and were sadly disappointed, in not finding Mother Ann and the Elders. The leader of the company ordered a barrel to be placed by the door of the dwelling, upon which he called the Brethren and Sisters, one at a time, for examination, that he might be able to gain some information concerning the Believers who had left Harvard. The mob then proceeded to the home of Isaac Willard and began to search his premises. Isaac did not stand in fear of this lawless crowd and forbid them to open a door in his house, or they should suffer the full penalty of the law. They quite well understood the man with whom they were dealing and soon dispersed. Mother Ann and the Elders proceeded to Enfield, Conn., and arrived at the residence of David Meacham, on the first of March. At this place they were obliged to pass through new scenes of suffering. Many Believers called to see them, and also many strangers. The ministration of the Elders was for the encouragement of all who had received faith in the gospel work. While this word of God was being received with joy and zeal by the Believers, it did not fail to awaken the jealous fears and arouse the persecuting spirit of the workers of unrighteousness. By a preconceited plan a mob of two hundred men and boys stood before the house of David Meacham, under the direction of a militia captain by the name of Bush, and a lieutenant named Terry. The captain ordered Mother Ann i'nd the Elders to leave the town within one hour or they would be carried out by force. Elder James Whittaker addressed the company as follows, 'We came to this place peaceably, to visit the Brethren and Sisters, but since you have judged yourselves unworthy of the gospel of Christ, we will go to some other place.' As it was considered prudent to leave Enfield, the Believers passed on to the ferry, some eight miles distant, followed closely by the mob. On their way to the ferry, Mother Ann and her companions realized that they were surrounded by a host of angels, which so encouraged them, that they broke forth in songs of praise and thanksgiving, Avhile their wicked persecutors followed on in gloomy silence. As they were passing through a village near the ferry, a noisy rabble gathered and mingled with the mob, using very threatening and abusive language. At this instant a young American officer who was on the main street, observed the mob and on inquiry was informed that they were driving the k'elect lady' and her followers out of the town. The officer was well armed, and mounted on a spirited horse. He was an entire stranger to the Believers, but he Maw that they were peaceable and were patiently enduring the insulting language of the mob without making any reply. He immediately rode to the side of Mother Ann's carriage, and accompaned her to the ferry. He seemed to have no fear of the mob, and after speaking to Mother Ann very kindly couducted her to the boat, assuring her that she should not be harmed. The wonder-struck mob who had a short time before been so libsral with their threats, were suddenly, as quiet as though they had been paralyzed. As the boat was pushing from the shore, the bravado spirit welling up in the breast of one man he relieved himself by this speech.