Books and Papers. Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Hall's Journal of Health Herald of Health Hood's Calendar Scientific American Columbia Bicycle Calendar for 1887 Prayer of the President Phrenological Joubnal and Science of Health. January. Contents: Seven New Governors; Mass., Penn., S. C, N. J., Tom., and Del., Illustrated. The Outer and the Inner Man; Familiar talks with our Young Headers; Pa llagfjelleu; On the High Mountains; Colorado Canyons; Evolution and Religion; A. Hundred Years Ago; The Face in Diagnosis; Erysipelas, or St. Anthony's Fire; Poisoning the Blood; Woolen Clothing; Relations of Sanitary Science to the Profession; A dangerous dnig; ?\otes in Science and Industry; Poetry, Wisdom, etc., etc. Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 758 Broadway, N. Y. $2 pr. year. Hall's Journal or Health. January, Contents : The New Year; The Electric Light; Doctors Disagree; Oxygen, Its agency in Therapeutics; God and the Robin; Electricity; Care of the Teeth; How to retain Health; etc. Office 206 Broadway, N. Y. $1 pr. year. Hebaid OF HEALTH. January. Contents: Health Habits of II. M. Stanley, the. Explorer; Malaria, Its prevention ; Woman and the Household ; Mothers and the Nursery; Health Inventions; Questions and Answers, etc., etc. Herald of Health Co. 13 Laight St. N. Y. $1 a year. The wonderful popularity attained by Hood's Calendar last year, will be repeated by Hood's Household Calendar-Almanac for 1887, just published. A happier combination of calendar and almanac, of beauty and utility, of art and advertising, has seldom been produced. The lovely child's head lithographed in many deiicate colors, will be welcome anywhere, while the pad is a wonder of condensed, useful information. Copies may be obtained of the druggists, or by sending six cents in stamps for one copy, or ten cents for two, to C. I. Hood &amp; Co., Lowell, Mass. The Scientific American, published by Munn &amp; Co., New York, during forty years, is, beyond all question, the leading paper relating to science, mechanics and inventions published on this continent. Each weekly issue presents the latest scientific topics in an interesting and reliable manner, accompanied with engravings prepared expressly to demonstrate the subjects. The Scientific American is invaluable to every person desiring to keep pace with the inventions and discoveries of the day. The Columbia Bicycle Calendar for 1887. The Columbia Bicycle Calendar for '87, just issued by the Pope Manufacturing Co., of Boston, is a truly artistic and elegant work in ehroino-lithography and the letterpress. Each day of the year appears upon a separate slip with a quotation pertaining to 'c3'cling from leading publications and prominent personages. The notable 'cycling events are given; and concise opinions of the highest medical authorities; words from practical wheelmen, including clergymen and other professional gentlemen; the rights of 'cyclers upon the roads; general wheeling statistics; the benefits of tricycling for ladies; extracts from 'cycling poems; and much information interesting alike to the 'cycler and to the general reader. Jn fact it is in miniature a virtual encyclopaedia upon this universally utilized modern steed. The calendar proper is mounted upon a back of heavy board, upon which is exquisitely executed in oil color effect, by G. H. Buck, of New York, an allegorical scene representing the earth resting among the clouds, with Thomas Stevens, in heroicsize, mounted upon his Columbia bicycle, cireuinbicycliug the globe. The atmospheric lights and shades of sunlight and moonshine are charmiugl3vivid, yet artistically toned and softened. A smaller g portion of the board is devoted to a picture of amounted la ly tricycler, speeding over a pleasant country road. As a work of convenient art, the Columbia Calendar is worthy of a place in office, library or parlor. The Prayer of the President. Address Ge- -. E. Littlefleld, 67 Cornhili, Boston, and enclose five two-cent stamps.