[The following letter was written to a Lancashire friend in England, in Oct. 1886, and published in the Manchester, England Guardian. Ed.] Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Dear Friend :- -Your welcome letter was received. Undoubtedly you are, like myself, full to overflowing, doing all the good you can. I suppose we must all be content when we arc, doing our best, whatever the result. We can write and speak the word of truth given us for the time being. If it be only as a grain of sand, we know that the whole mountain of truth is composed of an aggregate of such sands. Hepworth Dixon warned me that the English people could not be moved like Americans. Yet they would have filled two St George's Halls- -the Spirit helped us. I was well satisfied with my reception. When in Manchester I saw the stone prison in which Mother Ann is said to have been imprisoned for Sabbath breaking- -disturbing a National Church-audState religious meeting. I have no doubt but that they acted with strict legality, as she did not fail to give them just occasion. She was a Breaker and a Shaker, and she accepted the consequences as opposing a system, not the ministers of a system. The progress which has been made in England in vegetarianism since I was there is, I think, marvelous. There was then not a restaurant where you could procure a Christian meal. Now I am informed by an English friend who with his family have just closed a four week's visit at the North Family there are vegetarian restaurants in the cities and towns of England. There is not an equal of that in America. Yet a very great change is going on slowly in this country. At almost any first-class hotel you can get oatmeal and what they call brownbread- -Graham bread, &amp;c,- -but I do not know of a place in America where you could procure a loaf of genuine whole wheaten flour bread, unleavened, except in the North Family at Mt. Lebanon, Shaker Village, where I reside. Between the bread we make and what the hotels furnish there is as much difference as between English Christianity, with its marriages, private properly, and war, and Primitive Christianity, with its celibacy, community of goods, and non-resistance. On the date of this letter I will be seventy-eight years of age. I write this without glasses. I have been in this village fifty-six years, and fifty-six years of that time I have been a strict vegetarian except that I have used eggs and milk sparingly. I hope to finish my course on earth harmless and undefiled by unclean animal food. When I come to England I hope to find some who are prepared to found our ;order there permanently, and to establish the second of the seven cycles of Shakerism, adding to the faith of the first cycle the virtues of land limitation- -not owning any more land than the members can cultivate without hiring ; vegetarianism- -not keeping any more animals than are absolutely necessary ; and physiology and hygiene- -their food being their medicine, sickness and disease being relegated to the outside order, death being the simple process of eternal sleep to the body. Wlien I do go to the spirit land it will be to help to prepare a place for my friends. All men and women who are working for the good of others according to the degree of light with which they are blessed- -all such are my friends ; and in my Father's and Mother's house- - the spirit world- -there are many mansions- -spheres- -enough to accommodate every degree of human travail. It is a ladder whose rounds reach from the hells to the heavens, on which the angel messengers descend and ascend continually. David was a 'man of blood.' If a man 'after God's own heart,' was it not the heart of the 'God of Israel' the Lord of Hosts of fighting men and women. '- - Even David hath not ascended into the heavens'- -the Christ heavens. Do you not think when such men of blood as David and Joshua, Cyrus, Alexander, Caesar, Alfred, William the Conqueror, Cromwell, Nelson, Wellington, Napoleon, Washington, Grant, and their fellow-criminals, their Marshals, are waked up to see that they have been great on earth- -great murderers- -that they will call upon the rocks and mountains to hide them from the face of Quakers and Shakers- -nonresistants? When unier conviction for sin they desire to find a relation to the; Prince ot Peace- -Jesus- -and to the peaceable kingdom of the Branch- -Ann Lee- -to the first and the second appearing of Christianity upon earth, these once mighty men will be mightily tormented, and they will seek to undo what: they have done. They are the powers of the world to come, they fouudetl alii the nations and governments of earth ia blood, in and by force, in the divine; right of kings and a birthright aristocracy. The American revolution was an earthquake to all human governments:: its au.hors and instigators proclaimed Right in place of Force. Paine, Jefferson, Franklin, Washington, &amp;c, opened a new epoch when they declared that human beings were born 'free and equal- -endowed with inalienable rights,'' most of which rights the misnamed Republic has deprived the people of up tothis time. All women are disfranchised to begin with. But the Fathers said 'the American Government was not a Christian Government. ' That was a good deal. The Church was got rid of. Then they said, 'The people are sovereign ; they are the source of all power.''' In the eud the American Government will be kia new earth,' the Shaker Order 'a new heaven.'' Then 'thou sbalt not kill' will be the First Commandment. Hitherto American statesmeea have killed and eaten animals. Therefore they have not ceased to kill and destroy each other. You are inspired by those men from the spirit world to begin at the beginning- -to cease to kill and eat animals. If the landlords of England should become vegetarians they would restore the laud to its owners- -the people. They would desire to raise and nurture human beings in place - -of rearing wild beasts aid birds. Ill fares the hind, to hastening ills a prey Where beasts are nourished and the men decay. I sat down to write a few lines when I began, and I am covering two or three - -sheets. Please excuse my runaway thoughts and the multiplication of many words.- -In much love. F. W. Evans.