THE FIRST COMMAND. As far back in the history of this country as 1850, a class of persons at the North who were very anxious to -soothe the slaveholders of the South and save the Union, could find no- -to them- -stronger and better way to do it thaaa by taking as authority the Bible, and from its pages attempting to prove the !God-given foundation of slavery ; and to do it they selected these words ; ''cursed be Canaan : a servant of servants shall he be. ' They did not turn the pages of the book and read, ''Undo the heavy burdens, and let the oppressed go free and break every yoke.' And to further fulfil their constitutional obligations, thev insisted that in accordance with New Testament teachings fugitive slaves should be returned to their masters, or rather, owners, and cited Paul's example in sending back Onesimus to Philemon. Rut they did not quote Paul's words 'not now as a servant, but above a servant a brother beloved.' In shoit. they used such portions of the Bible as to them seemed to sustain their position, never for a moment looking at the other side of the case. Indeed, to them there was no other side. Somewhat analogous it seems to me is the position of those who criticise the Shakers on the ' letting the world run out' subject. They tell us that the 'first command' given to man was to 'multiply and replenish the earth,' and they forgot to add, 'and subdue it.' Taking it for granted that the record is correct who was that command given to? Adam. When? After he had become corrupt and fallen from his high estate, hid condition of purity? Nay! it was given, if at all, when he was in his iunocency, and it meant obedience to law. Replenish the earth in compliance with law, bring perfect beings into this world, those who having been lawfully begotten have the right to their inheritance. Did Adam obey ? Nay, not till lie had become corrupt and then he- -like our modern Adams- -multiplied, and when he brought his work to fruition his first sou became a criminal by murdering the second. Is bringing law-breakers into existence complying with the first command? What did the ' subdue it' mean ? Would it be unreasonable to say that it meant subdue all and every tendency in yourselves to use your procreative powers except in compliance with law, subdue that part of your nature which may be dormant but which nevertheless is Hid within you, and having subdued it and being fitted by that experience to obey the command, do it in order and consistently. How willing people are to comply with law when it suits their own purposes ! How anxious to comply with it as they understand it; and they understand it as their selfish, lower, animal instincts would have them understand it. Is it to be presumed that men and women marry so that they may yield obedience to what they designate as the 'first command?' Not at all. They marry because they can legally do what if they did not go through a marriage ceremony would be criminal in the view of human enactments. For the higher law they have but faint regard. Marriage as a rule is simply a thin veil of legality thrown over the indulgence of lust; and when that is satiated the parties tire of each other, and the most trivial means are used to give employment to lawyers and the divorce courts. 1 would like to have any candid person say how many out of every 1000 marriages are contracted for the purpose of solely complying with 'the first command. ' I think if he struck off the three ciphers and used the remaining numeral for his reply he would be nearly correct. Indeed a large proportion of persons who marry (so results show) seem to aim at the avoidance of obedience to the 'first command. ' How many of the fifty-five millions of people in the United States to-day came into existence in compliance with law? The number is incontrovertably small, and the millions are here to-day as the result of violated law. Lust brought them into existence, and thus drunkenness, robbery, murder, licentiousness, dishonor and corruption in all its hydraheaded forms fill the land. When men and women marry solely for the purpose of complying with the ' first command ' and bring a pure, elevated, untainted race into the world, a race that will ennoble life, and cease to marry for the reason that Paul'wrote, that 'it is better to marry than to burn,' then and not till then let them criticise the Shakers for advocating and living a life which to the benighted and contracted vision of the worldling means only 'letting the Avorld run out.' When mankind become honest, temperate, unselfish, chaste ; when men 'cease to do evil, and learn to do well,' in short when all men turn into and walk in the Shakers' path, which is the path that Jesus trod, then if utterance is given to the thought that the human race will die out, it will be time enough to frame a fitting reply. A. Canterbury, N. H.