Duty First, Pleasure Afterward.' ANNA WHITE. The above quotation is frequently given as an incentive to labor. And were it not for the relation the one bears to the other, it might seem too imperative and demanding. If ' there is a time for everything under the sun,' that is good and true, then is there a suitable time for every employment and for recreation, and for the expansion of every faculty of mind and body, as well as for the development of those higher faculties that tend to mifold the spiritual part of our being. If we in our researches after truth 'seek first the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness,' and find it, then are we sure of a home that is eternal as the heavens, we are sure that our souls' needs will be amply supplied, and sure of the added promise of shelter, food and raiment, those creature comforts of which the Father knoweth and provideth. By a strict adherence to Christian principles, which include the daily cross aud self-denial over the inbred passions and propensities of nature, duty becomes sternly requisite, and to the natural instincts there seems no beauty or comeliness iu it. Viewed from this standpoint, the way of righteousness is not only narrow but rough and cragged. Mountains high surround us, vallies low must be traversed, rivers deep and currents rapid we must ford, until the feet become sore, the hands heavy, the head weary and the heart faint. Where then, may be asked, is the pleasure aud the satisfaction derived by the observance of a principle that involves such rigid discipline? We answer. The first and most essential thing, is to secure a relationship to God- -the fountain of all truth and goodness- - whence alone permanent happiness proceeds ; or in other Avords, find our heavenly Father and Mother from whom we have wandered, and against whom we have sinned. And as there is an innate desire iu every human soul for something spiritual, and a general belief iu immortality and eternal life, the return to God will eventually succeed. And as reconciliation ensues, through confession and repentance of sin, so happiness follows in its wake, peace flows like a river, joy springs up iu the soul, light breaks forth as the morning, while purity and love shed their hallowed and saving influence. When this condition is attained, the duties of life yield pleasure be they light or tarduous ; the one being so interblended with the ether, that it is difficult to separate them. It would be well to heed the injunction of the wise Preacher of olden times to w'Fear God and keep his commandments, for this is the whole'duty of man.' And in connection with the above, to likewise remember the apostles reproof, ' She that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.