Dear eldress J.; This morning I suggested... Shaker Village, N. H., Nov. 1886. Dear Eldkp:ss J. ;- -This morning I suggested to Ida, who is sitting near me, to write a good letter to some one, today, with eyes open, while I would write one to your address with eyes closed. So we commenced to perform the wonderful feat. After writing two pages in utter darkness I found that if 1 continued this project I might have to go hunting for the stray verbs,,which I discovered on opening the eyes, had so wandered from their respective nominatives that there could be no telling what special nouns and verbs ought to dwell together; meantime some of the adjectives seemed leaping over the keeu edge of the sheet in pursuit of the nouns which it was their duty to cl scribe, and thus I revoked my promise ;tud wrote the remainder with eyelids ajar. Permit me to say that last, evening one special text from the Gospel came vividly before me. it was this. ''Let your communications be yea, yea and nay, nay, for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil. ' So vividly did this appear that 1 fancied I could hear the glorious voice of the divine Counselor who uttered the same upon the Sacred Mount more than eighteen hundred years ago. As the fanciful vision faded I began to recall and compare my own habits of speech therewith, in words, sentences, common remarks, and in daily converse With others. While thus occupied the text seemed to grow into limitless proportions, and as it grew assumed a significance more positive, more autboratative than I had ever be'fore realized. I mentally exclaimed, why, what' a reformation might have gone through every Christian nation, ere this, had this one sacred injunction been regarded. If my inference is correct, it is enjoined upon every professed follower of Christ to be careful to speak the exact truth on all occasions, about every circumstance or incident with which they are connected. That no conversation, however common place, mirthful or serious, grave or gay, can be right according to this standard- -unless true. No exaggerated statements about persons or things, no overdrawn comparisons though clothed in language however select, can find admittance within the limits of this text, for whatsoever is more than truth, cometh of evil. Adherence to this would soon rule out all vulgarisms in speech, all slang phrases, all idle words, all careless expressions. No grammar nor dictionary could so efficiently chasten our utterances as the spirit of truth which still breathes its divine inspiration upon the reverential heart. What would become of slander, exaggeration, frivolous thoughts and imaginings, careless hints relative to A. B. or C. if in every Christian household this text was taken as a standard? 'Let your communication be yea, yea and nay, nay, for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil. ' Now, dear J., if I have not rendered the biblical saying correctly or according to your understanding will you not refer it to those who are well versed in the scriptures, and set me right. You will please accept a universal tribute of love from every one at home. Ida has kept her part of our morningagreement very faithfully, and has written a good letter to Eldress A. C. whom she remembers very pleasantly. I need not apologize to you for this letter as I intended that it should seem just like home without any qualification or polish whatever. It is just six o'clock P. M. and I must bid you a kind adieu. Lovingly ever, Asenath C. Stickney.