A HEAVENLY TRANSITION. ANNA WHITE. The close of a long, useful and eventful life. At Mt. Lebanon, Col. Co., N. Y., on the evening of December 31st. at 15 minutes past eight o'clock, our beloved Mother in Israel, Eldress Mary Antoinette Doolittlo, of North Family, passed peacefully and painlessly to her beautiful spirit home the angels had prepared for her. She was 7G years of age the 8th of September 1886. Very few, if any, have passed beyond the confines of earth bearing with them such sterling traits of character as were exemplified in the life of our dear Mother. As a natural woman she was endowed with remarkable faculties, and possessed qualities well adapted to the important and responsible station, which during her life, she was ordained to occupy. Blest with a strong and robust constitution, with physical endurance almost without limit, she met the stern realities of life unflinchingly, and no circumstance could deter her when, and wheresoever duty called. For nearly fifty years she bore a heavy burden in both temporal and spiritual things ; indeed her whole life was devoted to the holy cause she so courageously espoused in early youth. In temporal matters, prudence and economy were always considered. She thought to ' use the things of this world righteously as not abusing them.' When away from home she was particularly conscientious and self-denying, many times walking miles t ml going without needed food to save extra expense, nor for anything personal claimed a single dollar, feeling th .t she had no right to use for selfish purposes, the consecrated property held by her in trust. As a spiritual Guide and Instructor where could be found her equal? In our home she shone as a bright beacon light, and many are the feet she has turned from the broad paths of sin, and led step by step up the highway of holiness, tenderly feeding them with the bread and waters of life. The testimony of the Gospel of Christ she maintained regardless of the approval or disapproval of the people. Just and true in all her dealings with souls ; discreet and cautious lest she should hurt the oil and the wine, she held with loving embrace while chastening with her words, and after the rod, would anoint with healing balm. But ah ! to the designedly wicked and rebellious, she was like a flaming herald of truth, whose fire could not be quenched until through baptism, confession and repentance they became subjected and united to the gift of God. When weighed in the balance of justice and truth she will not be found wanting. For nearly a quarter of a century the writer has been a close associate with Eldress Antoinette, and can testify from acquaintance and experience to the truth honor and glory of her life, as set forth in the above brief sketch. Her many dear children ''rise up and call her blessed,' and with numerous friends sadly mourn the absence of her visible presence from their midst. 'Sing, 0 barren, thou that didst not bear ; break forth into singing, and cry aloud, thou that didst not travail with child ; for more are the children of the barren than the children of the married woman, saith the Lord.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.