NOTES. THE MANIFESTO. Office of publication. The Manifesto is published at Shaker Village, Mer. Co. N. H. All articles for publication should be addressed to Henry C. Buns, and all letters on financial business to A. Y. Cochran. TERMS. One copy per year, postage paid, ' ' six months, ' Send for specimen copy, free. .75 .40 Cease to do evil. Learn to do well. The loving invitation which Jesus extended to those who were privileged to hear him speak, is a beautiful representation of his humanity in that he felt a care for the poor and oppressed. His familiar acquaintance with all the burdens imposed by the ordinances of the law, as well the spirit of domination which found a place in the heart of man, allowed him to speak with the spirit and with the understanding. 'Come unto me,' said he, 'all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I Avill give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn of me, for my yoke is easy and my burden is light.' Learn of me ! Learn what? To be meek ; to be merciful; to be pure in heart. The law had been particularly careful in teaching its own form of religious life, and yet Moses under the clearest light of the Divine Presence had not yet seen the forgiving spirit that was manifested iu the life of Jesus. Take my yoke upon you. You have worn the yoke of the oppressor. It has multiplied to you burdens of sorrow. You have borne the yoke of the law with its sacrifices and commandme/nts and all of it has not given you a power to love your enemies. If you will take upon you my yoke, you will find that it is easy, and that my burden will be light. With this the disciple can live as a friend to man and be able to work for the establishing of righteousness on the earth. It was the mission of Jesus to cultivate a confidence in the mind of man, to assure him that he was able to maintain a self-government, and to build up a kingdom of God among men. He did not preach to them a religion of ease and indifference, but a religion full of spiritual activity. 'Seek and you shall find, knock and it shall be opened unto you.' It was a gospel of good news because of its universal adaptation. It was also a gospel that demanded the whole man. 'All that a man hath.' To be industrious with his hands, and at the same time to give the heart in prayer to God, is certainly the Christian's rule for a successful journey to the abode of peace. All work would make a man, a mere creature of the earth, low, groveling and selfish. The affairs of the soul, and those of the body are so closely conjoined that the relationship cannot be severed without unpleasant results. A man filled with prayers and psalm singing, and yet slothful and negligent of his earthly duties would make a. sorry Christian. In his pious idleness he would fail to establish the new earth, or to promote the spirit of righteousness. The tendency of man is strongly toward the earth, and to the fruits of that FEBRUARY, 1887. order of life. Instead of learning the value of the peaceful spirit of Christ, man readily falls into that state where human life, even, is not of much value, and cruelty, oppression and sanguinary wars become the ruling power. The Israelites show very plainly to what excesses such things may be carried. The destruction of everything that breathed, and then the habitations burned to the ground. Napoleon in his wars in Europe, cut men down as the machine cuts down the grass. Life was poured out with as little feeling as water would be poured from a cask. Our puritan fathers made it a matter of business to kill all the Indians that they consistently could. The puritans denominated them heathens, and concluded that God had fore ordained the redskins for destruction. All this seems quite different from the spirit which Jesus manifested, or the doctrine which he taught. It seems the more strange when we iind that much of tkis cruel work was done by the Christians, a class of people professing to be the followers of the great Peace-maker. To these, in an especial manner, we now direct our attention. The infidel who does not accept the teachings of the Christ, iias of course the right to stand aside. He may be an honest man and one to be respected in Society, but the writings of the New Testament have a more direct reference to the professor of Christianity. It is fortunate, however, that everybody does not go to the bad at the same time. A. thousand years before the advent of Christ, a man who had experienced some of the changes of life, left a testimony that has no uncertain sound. He had shared in the honors and glory of this world, had been wonderfully blessed with the spirit of God and then most foolishly wasted it away. In his old age, however, he became more thoughtful and while the greater part of his life he denominated a vexation, he left this warning to those who were young. 'Fear God and keep his commandments.' A course that he had neglected to adopt, and for the neglect was made to receive the just retribution. He farther remarks that ' to fear God and keep his commandments is the whole duty of man, for God shall bring every work into judgment with every secret thing, whether it be good or whether it be evil.' With this light and understanding at such an early age, we learn that there existed good and true witnesses. _ All our deeds, good and evil, are to be brought up for judgment. Few would object to the inspection of that which was good, even if it was written upon the Avails, but the evil deeds might prove objectionable. It would, indeed, be a sorry sight it every man was obliged to carry his evil deeds upon his back as did Bunyan's Pilgrim. If the Christians are as one of the divines represen'ed them to be, they are to be pitied. 'Many of those who profess religion are weak in their morals ; the taking of that which does not belong to them is becoming very common.' These are Christians passing from their prayers to rob their neighbors. They are in pursuit of the god of this world. Get an education, said the father to his son, but be sure and get wealth, get it, by fair means if you can. but don't fail to get it. .K'Siis gives us advice and a remedy for all these ills. 'If any man will come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me.' Of what shall lie deny himself? Had not Moses demanded more or less of this same self-denial,- and wherein was this requirement which Jesus made peculiar? Well, a man might deny himself of that which he knew would lead to wrong doing. The man that informed Jesus of his intention to become a Christian, professed wealth. Jesus understood the fact and informed him that in the first place he must sell his house and farm and all his stock and then give the proceeds to the poor. After this he might come and be a disciple ; but the record says that the young man went away quite sorrowful. Another man came to .Jesus and this was a man given to visiting. He was of a social nature and wanted to have all his friends feel well. lie informed Jesus that lie would like to be a disciple, but before he settled down as a member of the order, lie would like to run around among his neighbors and hid them farewell. Jesus had no sympathy with this style of dealing. It was yea, yea and nay, nay, any prevarication was evil. The man said he wanted to be a disciple. Did he mean what he said? Jesus informed him that when a man put his hands to the plough, if he looked back, he was not lit for the kingdom of God. Instead of visiting his worldly relations and wasting away his precious moments, in that foolish way, Jesus said to him, 'Go, preach the kingdom of God.' Make this a matter of the first importance, and let every other consideration fall into the back ground. In this we find the plain testimony of Jesus Christ. It is the yea and amen of the gospel work. It makes of man a new creature ; separates him from the world ; establishes him upon au immovable foundation, and makes of him a self-sacrificing disciple of the Divine Teacher.