IMAGINATION AND DISEASE Few people arc aware of the power of imagination over the body. The Arabs have a legend concerning the plague and the remonstrance of a man with the destroying angel for killing one hundred thousand people with this fearful disease. The angel replied that he had only killed twenty thousand people, as he was commissioned to do- -'the rest.' said he, 'died from fright!' Let a person imagine that some part of the body is diseased and it causes a determination of blood to that part, and if persisted inproduc- es more or less inflammation and in time degeneration ! This is especially true of the throat or lungs. If a person imagines these organs are diseased he will cough or hem three times where lie should once, until he actually induces a chronic disease, which might have been avoided. If so-called 'Christian scientists' would confine their efforts to imaginary ailments, leaving out their theological blasphemies and nonsense and their attempts to treat all diseases as myths, they might meet a long-felt want in the healing art. Imagination lias a terrible power over persons of a nervous temperament conjoined to a, feeble bodily organization. Such people should especially guard themselves in this direction. It is said that even intelligent and healthy physicians in the beginning of their studies or even practice are liable to become morbid and imagine themselves victims to various ailments until experience proves that their fears are groundless. How many people will soberly tell us that they expect to die of a special disease because some of tlieir family have passed over the river in that particular way. Of course hereditary tendencies are not to be ignored. Neither should they be exaggerated till a person induces a given dreaded disease mainly by the imaginary process. If your father or great-grandmother died from some disease that you fear, use reasonable precautions against it, and resolve and expect, by the help of Heaven, that you will die of something else when your ' appointed time ' shall come. Imagination uncontrolled by the reasoning faculties is simple insanity. Some peovtle are sane on every subject but tlieir health. They have so dwelt on and exaggeratedevery morbid symptom as to have become to that extent monomaniacs. Physicians can do untold good or ::;ischief by the way in which they deal with such patients. An intelligent doctor of divinity told the writer that many years since he had some trouble with his throat or lungs, and after awhile imagined that he was past help. He kept his room most of the time and was unable to put on his coat alone. At length he consulted a wise physician, who told him that his lungs were sound and that he whs dying from fear! lie at once pulled on his overcoat, without help, went out doors and in a few days was in his usual health. Let wise consultation, self-reasoning and will power guide you instead of the ignis fatuus of a morbid imagination, that 'your days may be prolonged in the land which the Lord God giveth you. ' . Boston Journal. T. P. B.