Liberty Enlightening the World. LUCY S. BOWERS. Jt is the mission of Liberty to enlighten the world, to bear aloft her blazing torch, piercing through the darkness of error, leading the nations from shadows of ignorance to the perfect glory of righteousness and truth ; and well may the people of these latter days, who have felt the inspiration of her presence, and shared the benefits of her blessings, jcin hands even over the great waters, to raise an illumined statue in her honor, an emblem of the future fraternity and peace of the nations. But let us see, in part, in what our liberty consists. America has been justly eulogized 'the land of the free and the home of the brave. ' It is true, we live in a free country, wrested from Monarchial powers and released from despotism, in a glorious Republic formed and maintained by the people, and all the laws of the land passed and executed by the same ; we say, by the people, not absolutely so ; Liberty has not done her perfect work so long as half of the population are deprived the right of suffrage ; there have been many queens in the Orient, but no woman has occupied a corresponding position with the President in the New World; but thanks be to Progress the work is advancing, steadily and surely. We have a wonderful Free Press, truly the world's liberal educator; but the terrible immorality of the matter which often passes through it, is greatly to be regretted, the tendency of which is not to elevate in truth, but to enslave to evil. When will be uplifted a higher standard in literature by which all will abide ? not until there is universal goodness in the hearts of the people. We have no chattel slaves since the Emancipation Proclamation ; but as a writer lately stated, when that great deed was done, the work of emancipating was but half performed, since woman remained all but universally man's subordinate and slave, and by him considered to be little else but the playmate of ignorance, at most, only capable of running the continuous round of domestic fife: not much longer will she hold her peace with these things; now is Liberty lighting her through the dungeon bars and releasing her from imprisonment. But woman is a voluntary votary to Fashion, a ready listener to her ceaseless calls ; subject to vanity and folly; not until she emancipates herself through her reason and common sense will she be able to rise and breathe the free air of divine truth. When man gives her justice, instead of flattery she will see the need of turning from these things to better ways of life. - - We have no Fuedal System of lords and serfs,as in the tenth century ; but we have the millionaire and niauy poor, the landlord and tenant; not until the giant god Mammon is slain shall we have justice and equity ruling in the land. We are free from God in the Constitution ; free fro'm the Inquisition, free from fanatical bigots who propagate new faiths by the sword ; but alas ! we are as far from right when in our independence we skip the bounds of conscience ; too many irreverent, irreligious and infidel run the broad open road of wickedness, to ruin. Oh that God might reign in the soul and His laws be written in the hearts of His people S We have no curfew that tolls the knell of parting day, making retirement at that time absolute ; but left to individual choice, we have allowed ourselves to be the slaves of pleasure, and to revel in midnight orgies regardless O1' consequences to life and health. We are free from present civil strife, but not from standing armies, who only wait for the summons to action-; but still the voice of Peace is in the land constantly entreating the nations to learn war no more. From one thing we can boast but little freedom, and that is the dire curse of drunkenness; morbid appetite insatiate has usurped control, and disease, quacks, poverty and death have followed in its wake ; but behold the grand and noble army of Prohibitionists, they will yet conquer this terrible enemy. 0 Liberty, lift still higher thy immortal light, shine abroad over the whole earth ; let thy rays enter the dark places of voluptuous sin and habitations of evil ; illume the hearts of the people, and relieve from the shackles of false living and consequent care and crime ; go to high places and destroy the insidious foes of God and goodness ; shine on, reign eternal O beautiful Goddess through the long twilight; nor will thy perfect work be finished before the dawning of the bright Millennial day when all will be free indeed and in truth. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.