IS MAN A FALLEN BEING? GEORGE SEVERANCE. The doctrine of the fall of man as taught by the eld scholastic divines is known more as a thing of the past than as a living dogma of the present. Since the theory of evolution has obtained the strong foot-hold that characterizes this view, instead of the Adamic fall, the current theory teaches that man began extremely low in the scale of being and all the way along he lias gradually been rising to higher conditions. In what I have to say in this article, I do not propose to affirm or deny the doctrine of evolution. I propose simply to inquire, 'Is man a fallen being?' We know the individual can fall from a higher to a lower condition. This we see in the wrecks of humanity all around us. In passing from man to the strictly animal kingdom, it would seem as it the different grades of animals are in a more normal condition than is the human race, said to be the crowning work of God in the earthly sense. The devastating evils of sexual excesses and drunkenness, seem to be confined to the human species. In short they are most emphatically human sinsWas man created a drunkard? Is the lecherous condition of society in the gross a normal condition, or is it abnormal? To say nothing in extenuation of man's faults, is it not a matter of most sober and serious thought that woman should devote h ',r life to prostitution, selling her body for hire? Is there anything in animal life below the human plane that bears any comparison? Statisticians tell us there are more than twenty-thousand professional prostitutes in N. York city. Among these are many of excellent natural abilities. Were these twenty-thousand persons to parade the streets 4a in a body, walking two by two what a long procession they would make. If we turn to men of high and low degree who are still baser, if anything, what shall we say of the degradation of our kind? Look at these terrible diseases that eat away the human form divine, by piece meal and what stronger proof can we have that our race is a fallen race? How could the Divine Mind have given plainer utterance to the terrible penalties of his broken laws ? What means the long list of human complaints, if in part the sins of fathers and mothers are not visited on those of the third and fourth generation. What means the general prevalence of scrofulous and cancerous ailments, if the race in any tolerable degree has maintained its integrity? We have it on good authority that these maladies spring largely from syphilitic sources. Did the Author of nature in the beginning fi'l the human system with the seeds of these baneful diseases, or is man in a really fallen condition? If animals we ea.t were as badly diseased bodily as are the human kind should we not abstain from flesh eating? Causes work out their natural results; and there are natural causes for what we should all most seriously deplore. If the fault lies in ourselves does it not behoove us to understand these causes ; and if possible apply the remedy. When* we come to the consumption of intoxicating drinks the figures are most startling. On the authority of the London Times the drink bill of Great Britain is annually $027,380,375. The Christian Union by careful figuring makes the United Slates annual drink bill .$1)00,000,000 with an increase the last fiscal year in consumption of 1,600,000 gals., of distilled liquors. New York city liquor bill per annum is put at $60,000,000 averaging - -49.70 cts., per head for its people. The money raised for religious purposes in the United States does not very much exceed this sum. Are the demands for these intoxicants the results of a primal law of our nature, or are they the effect of artificial heredity and acquirement? Is not all viciousness a perversion, not a natural outflow? Report says in our cities it is not uncommon for milliners and salt's women to treat their lady customers. A man beastly drunk! Can we conceive of a condition more degrading? Even women sometimes become intoxicated. Can these allegations be true ! Man the lord of this lower creation, can it be he is thus debased? What myriads can in truth repeat, 'We are diseased from the crown of the head to the sole of the feet there is no soundness in us. ' Looking at the world as moralists, we can but exclnim, ' Wide is the gate'and broad is the way that leadeth to destruction and many there be which go in thereat; because strait is the gate and narrow is the way which leadeth unto life and few there be that find it. ' If morally and physically mankind are as highly progressed as anti-supernaturalists maintain the proof should be palpable to all. The facts cf human history are not flattering to our pride and vanity. We need restoring or re-instating to a condition superior to our present state. There is an ample field for the saviors and redeemers of the sinful and degraded. One of our inspirational poets very aptly diagnosis the sinsick condition of our boasted humanity. ' O world ! somewhat I have to say to thee O sin sick, heart sick, soul sick, love sick world ! So ailing art thou both in part and particle, That solid truth thy stomach ill digests. ' Ho. RoyaUon, Vi