THE CLOUD LIFTED. MARY JOHNSTON. How very forcibly has the writer experienced the above phrase in numerous and various ways. Though young it is true in this life's journey, yet beingblest with a good degree of experience in the ups and downs of Christian war- j fare, and realizing the blessings of a living and true faith, that God our Father and Creator, will help us through every trial, I have learned the lesson of trust and reliance upon his mercy and love. How many the obstacles that often surround us, and environ the unwary in the tangling mesfces of worldliness and discouragement, leaving us in doubt, almost to despair of ever again seeing the silver lining, that never fails to break through the darkest cloud and illuminate the dreariest day. Instinct teaches us to look to a higher Power for aid and guidance in all circumstances of life. But I sometimes think we are prone to seek some other source of relief, and are thereby too easily influenced by what other people may say, to insure any of the real, true substance and blessings that are awarded to all, who are diligently seeking to be under the protection of Heaven's love. If we have received a right faith in the knowledge of God's plan for complete salvation and redemption, we shall never experience a doubt as to the validity of his word. Although we are submerged in deep waters of oppression and tribulation, let us not be likened to a certain Irish chieftain, who Avas receiving baptism of a worthy Baptist elder. On being plunged beneath the rolling torrent, he held up his right arm, and when questioned why he did so, replied, 'I reserve this to fight my battles with;' thus putting to naught God's promise, 'that he will sustain the faithful,' and imploring his mercy at the same time. However we shall all learn sooner or later that 'a little reserve and thou'lt fail surely, ' will prove to be true in our experience. Every cloud has a silver lining and so has every sorrow, and if we submit ourselves to the Divine Order and direction placed in Zion, aud there* lay the weary burden down, we shall feel at once the happy consciousness of peace and rest. What a breaking away of clouds and dispersing in the distance we shall experience ; leaving a way clear for the bright effulgent rays of Divine love. What a glorious transformation that soul realizes who has 'turned from darkness into light.' I feel thankful to God that I have been called to the great privilege of living this life of Christ here on earth ; aud may it ever be my earnest endeavor to persevere in keeping my feet firmly planted on the rock of this everlasting gospel, which will bring a sure reward to all those who will try the self-denying process. God grant a living spirit, May ever with me dwell; Thy favor Lord, to merit, And loud thy praises swell. Pleasant Hill, Ky.