CAUSES OF UNBELIEF. BY REV. F. A. BISBEE. [Contributed by Geo. Wickerpham.] Three tirades of Itelig-ious Houl- -t- -Im. poNNiltle to Kndorse Contradictions- - The True View of iod. the Hiltle a- -ul future Punishment. The Rev. Frederick A. Bisbee, pastor of the Universalist Church of the Restoration, Master above Sixteenth, preached to a good sized congregation yesterday morning on 'Unbelief,' from ihe text, ' Help Thou mine Unbelief, ' Mark ix., 24. He said : Until there is a religious belief common to mankind, every man must in some degree be an unbeliever. The orthodox Christian is no less an unbeliever to the Mohammedan than the Mohammedan is to the Christian. But it is not in this sense I use the word. Custom rather than dictionary defines terms, and in this age and country an unbeliever is anyone who does not accept the view of Christianity proclaimed by the popular churches. To those whose society is fixed largely by church associations, it appears that all the world not only attends church, but attends their church ; whereas, the proportion of Christians to the population of the world, about one third, is about the ratio to express the proportion of believers to unbelievers in a Christian community. It is no doubt startling to consider these figures in connection with the fact that the terms believer and unbeliever, in the judgment of the majority of the churches, mark not only a distinction in this life, but determine as well eternal happiness and eternal misery in the world to come. And yet a knowledge of the facts will show that these figures are not exaggerated. The seven hundred churches in this great city cannot count in membership one third of the population, and seldom, if ever, have that number in attendance, and even among the attendants there is to-day more or less unbelief. CLASSIFICATION OF UNBELIEVERS. The flood of so-called free thought which has swept over this country in the last i'ew years has carried many away. The time was when men did not question the authority of religious dogma, but accepted whatever was given them as the condition of salvation, but to-day there is a very large number who deny many of the fundamental positions of the Christian church, and these unbelievers may be divided itto three classes. First. The unbelief of antagonism- - those who are in open opposition to Christianity, who, under the leadership of Mr. Ingersoll and other radicals, ridicule and denounce as false and absurd the whole system of religion. Next. The unbelief of indifference- - a class so surprisingly large that it is worthy of especial mention. All over the city, in the stores, the factories find the offices, it is easy to find vast numbers of men, not bad in behavior, but who seldom think of religion, and have no church relationship, unless it is that formed by their children's connection with some Sunday school, the entertainments of which are attractive. They are people into whose lives a thought of God is never suffered to enter, until the shadow of death falls across the home. The third class includes a species of practical unbelief found in the churches themselves, people whose profession of belief, made by their presence and support of churches as well as by word of mouth, is strictly orthodox, but who fail to make an application of their Christian principles in their practical daily life ; those who say they believe in God aud yet go through life without taking God into account in their various plans; those who say they believe in the brotherhood of man, yet in their dealings with men assume that every mi n is a scamp and an enemy ; those who profess to be followers of Jesus aud pray lor His judgment of right and wrong ; who would not openly steal a cent, yet do not hesitate to enter into stock shearing and getting their share of wool from the lambs, or under the cloak of a Government contract steal from tax payers, or, in smaller matters, get two rides on the railroad for one ticket; send two letters for one postage stamp, or even defraud the poor traction company by a misuse of pass or transfer. THE PREVALENT FORM. This third class of unbelief is more prevalent than it is pleasant to acknowledge, but in a just estimate of the unbelief of the age cannot be ignored. They swell to a mulitude beyond ability to number the unbelievers on whom the judgment of punishment is pronounced by all the churches. With these facts in view a special interest is given to the origin of so much unbelief anrl the remedy for it. A fundamental cause is found in the unwillingness on the part of theologians to acknowledge growth of thought in religion, and in times past they have even gone farther and condemned new ideas in other fields of life. But the growth of man while hindered, could not be stopped. Unless religion keeps up with the advancement of the world, there must be unbelief, and it is a fact that while there has been progress in every other field of thought, religion has been clogged by foolish prejudice and superstition until the views that were once held sacred are now ridiculed. Men say if that is religion I want nothing of it. Now what do I mean by growth? I do not mean that truth can be outgrown ; I do not mean that the principles of life proclaimed by Jesus can be outgrown, but that of religious truth, as well as of any other truth, we can have new views. Electricity was a great force one hundred years ago ; electricity has not changed, but men have wiser and better views of its nature and uses. So the religion of Jesus Christ has not changed, but men, after eighteen hundred years of its influence, should be better able to understand, state and apply it to-day than ever before. Another cause is found in the fact that we cannot believe the unbelievable however much we may wish to. Real belief is determined by evidence and not by desire. It is possible to believe a fact that is beyond our comprehension, but it is not possible to believe a contradiction, and there grew up in the past many views that were positive contradictions. God is unchangeable, but as we draw nearer to Him our view? of Him change, but there are those who still look at Him only from the distant past, and proclaiming what they see, thoughtful men recognize such contradictions, so that unbelief, is but the natural revolt of the judgment. The existence of God is proclaimed. and God to be God must be absolutely perfect in all His attributes. To find a defect in God is to destroy His essential uature, and yet those who proclaim a God of omnipotence also proclaim that there is and always will be a power successfully opposing Him. They proclaim that God is love, and yet that He will do unlovely things ; that He is a father, and yet will do unfatherly things. They say that this infinitely good being, all love, and wisdom and power has created children sensitive to pain, knowing those children will live a brief life of happiness or misery, and then through all the unending ages of eternity will suffer the most excruciating tortures. Against such ideas the best in man revolts. And good and thoughtful men of to-day say such a God does not rise to the level of humanity, much less of divinity. We would not do such things with our children, and certainly He must be better than we ? REMEDY FOR UNBELIEF. Finally, if from the Bible has come such an extent of unbelief a lively interest must be awakened in a remedy. There are a good many ways of looking at Christianity; men of equal intelligence and sincerity differ decidedly, each church represents a different interpretation of one or more points ; is it not possible to find a belief among these that will satisfy the den.ands of reason and utility? Now, I believe m God, in Christ, the Bible, immortality and the certainty of rewards and punishments, and yet there are those who say I am not a Christian because I do not believe in their interpretation of these terms. I might with equal propriety say they are not Christians because they do not believe in my interpretation of them- - it is no farther from their house to mine than it is from mine to theirs. If God has made a revelation to man it is but natural to suppose that He would speak so we can understand. There are views of all the various points of Christian theology that are in perfect accord with man's best judgment and can accomplish the end for which religion was designed. There is a view of God that proclaims Him absolutely perfect in all His attributes ; the Creator of the universe, conceived in love, planned in wisdom and executing with power. Any other view of Him is impossible witho.ut destroying the very idea of God. Incidental to creation there must always be more or less destruction. It is not finished yet. We are not the climax of humanity, we are but a step in progress, and these things that we so deplore are incidents in the process of creation, and sometime we will see what God has always seen. THE TRUE VIEW OF CHRIST. The name of Jesus Christ has been so covered with mystery that it is difficult to get people to consider it in the light of common sense. He is our Savior, but by that I do not mean that He stands between us and God to receive the angry blow we deserve. By salvation I do not mean the saving of a soul from a place of eternal torture in the future life, but I mean the saving of the moral and spiritual nature, not by any mystery or magic, but by a perfectly natural process. Christ is our Savior because He taught perfect principles of life and then exemplified them. As we learn His principles and to exemplify them we become Chriitlike, we become Christians, we are saved in proportion to our Christian character just as we are saved from ignorance in proportion to our acquisition of knowladge. The Bible is not the truth, but contains the truth and is valuable only so far as we can take its truth and make it practical n our lives. The idea that the future life has in it an eternal division, and iu one place certain of God's children are forever blessed and in the other certain of God's children are forever to suffer, is abhorrent. Of course the consequeuces of our life go out into the next world and we must suffer for eyery sin, but our punishment there, as everywhere, must be reformatory in its nature. The infinite God would not institute an inefficient punishment, but His punishment will correct until the soul is corrected, however long it may be, and will go on correcting until each and every soul comes to itself, recognizes its own divine nature and turns to God as naturally as the flowers turn theirLfaces to the sun. If we would do away with unbelief we must do away with unbelievable and useless doctrines, proclaim Christianity as Christ himself did as the right principles of life, showing our proper relations to God and to man.