Dear elder Frederic: Overlooking my obligations... Libie, Austria, Dec, 1886. Dear Elder Frederic :- -Overlooking my obligations to be fulfilled before the close of this year, I find I owe you an account of my voyage to Europe. After a pleasant voyage of thirteen days, and an inward sunshine not to be marred by rough weather, we landed at Hamburg. There, I called on the Vegetarian Society, and gave some of the books you kindly gave me for distribution, in order to make Shakerism understood in Germany. At Berlin, they were greatly interested in my information, and a short notice in the Vegetarian Review, attracted the attention of a lar re circle. After a rest of a few days, with my parents, I started for Vienna. My principal aim being to open my brother's eyes and heart to righteousness. I succeeded, and I am thankful for it. Sabbath night, the 11th of Dec, I held a public meeting about Shakers. The audience showed great interest, and liberally manifested their approbation and joy. I finally made a visible impression, by enumerating all the abominations of the world, which we have overcome. Many came forth to shake hands, and to send their respects and love to the Shakers. I have no doubt but a German Compendium would be a great benefit here. The Vegetarian societies are the most fertile grounds for our seed. In my humble opinion the vegetarian principle of righteousness will be the next step of progress for Believers ; and I fervently hope, after twenty or more years, to look back upon meat eating Shakers, as we do now upon our ancestors who freely used alcohol and tobacco. With due forbearance Avith human appetites, I have faith, that sooner or later, Believers must overcome this last remnant of heathenism. I cannot help write it down, hoping nobody will take offence who has not the same faith. A Shaker cannot be a butcher, and to hire a man, will not do. In the meantime, in bearing and forbearing I greatly rejoice, and am thankful that a new year cannot be but a happy and blessed one with Believers. This wish so often vainly repeated by the world, is fulfilled forever and ever to true Christians. The least of one of these, sends his best love and respects to all the hearts of purity. Ernest Pick.