Keeping ourselves unspotted from the world. HARRIET SHEPARD. Chkist said, 'Lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven where neither moth nor rust doth consume, and where thieves do not break through nor steal; for where thy treasure is, there will thy heart be also. The lamp of the body is the eye : if therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light. But if thine eye be evil thy whole body shall be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is iu thee be darkness, how great is the darkness! No man can serve two masters ; for either he will late the one and love the other, or else le will hold to one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.' Matt, vi., 20- -24. To do the will of his heavenly Faher, Christ was very energetic and enhusiastic. In so doing he kept himself mspotted from the world, and set us a aright example of purity, love, meek- ness and devotion to the cause of God : which it is our duty, God enlightening and strengthening us, to follow. Let us devote the remainder of our lives to the service of God, soul, body and spirit. Let us earnestly, trustingly and lovingly seek to know and do his will. Let Him be our guide continually, on whom we every moment depend to lead - -our every step in wisdom, meekness and love ; understanding not ourselves, trusting all the care to Him who knoweth our hearts, and longing to be guided into all wisdom. Let Him be constantly our support and strength, never forgetting the promise that we may do all things through Christ who strengtheneth us. May we make every trial and affliction a necessity for prayer and live in the spirit and power of our heavenly Parents, expecting their blessing ; and put in them our trust and confidence for deliverance from evil, not forgetting that - -' all things work together for good to those who lo^ethe Lord.' May we feel as did our precious Mother, who said, I am among you as one that serveth. Let us not carry Avith us a, weary weight of worriment and perplexity, but while we do our whole duty, give the care and responsibility all to Him who said 'Come unto me all ye who labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest. ' Let us not be looking at our afflictions but always at the coming conquest. So shall we forget ourselves, and feel that our greatest joy is in gaining and treasuring a store of heavenly love; the more blessed to give than to receive. So let us lose no opportunity of doing good and blessing; thinking of clearer ways of benefiting others. May we be prayerful, joyous, living in the light of the resurrection and praising God from whom all blessings flow. May we have the spirit of Christ in us to do the works of self-denial which He did and we shall reap a rich harvest of peace, justification and joy if we faint not. How sweet to be able through his divine influence to come trustingly and lovingly so near as to commune with Him and feel his blessing and strength. Let our hearts be filled with rejoicing and in everything give thanks. We must pray for the erring, and learn the meaning of the ministry of prayer ; and particularly let us seek the gaining of souls. Let us experience a state far more elevated, profound, heavenly, happy and God-like than any we ever yet have found. Pray Avithout ceasing. May our greatest interest and administration be to deal with God for souls. Let us gain in this way, those that we cannot in any other. Let us be obedient to our highest inspiration from above and look for issues that we have never before ventured to claim ; and let the most blessed recollections of another year be marvelous answers to prayer. (See July number of The Manifesto for 1886, page 149.) 'Seek first the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness and all else shall be added.' We would intimate the thought of making a little memorandum of our prayers and leave a space to insert the ansAvers. Let us not be cast down, but live in the lWit and life of Christ and Mother. Let us bury the past and 'lay hold of the new, that which is vitalizing, energizing and uplifting into sweet communion Avith the pure the good and just. God has in store for us treasures new, rich, verdant and life giving. Speak often one to another Avords of love, encouragement and appreciation and we shall not lose our reward. Le us hold fast that which we have gained and seek greater spiritual blessings. I has truly been said, ''The whole mis sion of our Savior was to draw his dis ciples from the world. North Union. Ohio.