The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker. No. 12. Published expressly for the several Covimundties of Believers in IS 16. Re-written by Henry C. Blinn. Mother Ann and the Elders, visit Ashfield, Mass. 'We forbid that woman, Ann Lee, and those Elders ever to enter the town of Enfield again. You are very fortunate in escaping puuishment at this time, and if you should ever come again, you may expect tarring, feathering and ducking. ' The officer ordered the speech to be closed, and after a few timely words the mob dispersed. He then jumped on board the boat and crossed the river with the Believers. On landing he was made the recipient of grateful acknowledgements from Mother Ann and her companions, for his great kindness to them, in their affliction. Such a manifestation of regard, to those who were entire strangers, was not often to be met on the journey of life. Such generosity on his part to protect the Believers from the abuse of an angry mob, was, indeed a miraculous interposition of divine Providence. Leaving the boat the young man passed on his way. Subsequently it was ascertained that the young officer was. Elijah Janes of Lansingburgh, N. YHe was at the time of this incident a* lieutenant in a regiment of dragoons. Being out on business he was providentially led through the town, just at the time of the above mentioned occurrence, and was an instrument in the hands of' God to protect the Believers from the. cruelty of mob violence. Mother Ann in speaking of this re* markable deliverance would often say&gt; 'God sent that young man to aid in our protection and deliverance.' The Believers passed on to West Springfield, and then recrossed the river and entered Kingston. David Meacham who had accompanied them to this place, returned to his home, in Enfield, to obtain a carriage, for the better accommodation of the company. At Kingston they made a tarry over one day, the Sabbath, and then moved or* to Granby and visited some Believers in that place. They then entered the town of Belcher and on to the town of Montague. In Montague they stopped at the home of Peter Bishop, whose familj had accepted the faith. Peter was sur- rounded by unbelieving neighbors, and some of these were very unkind to them, on account of their faith. This little famil/ of the church of Christ - -were often exposed to the abuse and injustice of those who threatened to starve them by withholding from them all opportunity of earning their living. Their occupation was weaving, coloring - -and pressing cloth.f Mother Ann made inquires of Abigail (the mother of the family) concerning their temporal circumstances. Abigail replied, 'We have but little,*' and then related how they were threatened by some of their neighbors. Mother Ann in reply to this, said, *' Keep your faith in God : I pray that your morsel of meal may be like that of the widow, and like the cruise of oil that did not fail in the time of famine : Trust in God and you will never want for bread. The children of this world will feed you; they will make good measure, pressed down, heaped up and running over, will men measure unto you.' Abigail received new courage to trust an the word of God. A few days alter this, a man came to the house and brought some grain, with which to pay a debt. As he measured the grain, Abigail observed that he heaped every measure and pressed it down, and then filled it till it run over. She now rejoiced at God's abounding goodness, and in the fulfillment of the Word spoken to her by Mother Ann. From this date the family always had a plenty and the neighbors became better friends. The Believers remained in Montague o jTius little incident has in it a peculiarly interesting phase, as it represents a system of religious boycotting that occurred more than one hundred years ago. only one night and then traveled on to Sunrlerland. Crossing the river they went to Ashfield and tarried at the house of Asa Bacon. This was a place of retirement. They were away from the clamor of riotous mobs, and the retreat seemed like a great blessing of God. For two months they enjoyed this quiet, having requested the Believers not to disturb them by frequent visits, lest it should create a disturbance among the people and bring on a persecution. They go from this place to Shelburne and call at the home of Aaron Wood. The Believers had been particularly requested to come and see Aaron and had extended some encouragement to the family. As it was distant only five miles they concluded to walk. In the company was Mother Ann, Mary Partington, Elder William Lee, Elder James Whittaker and two Brethren. It was a joyful visit to the whole family and especially to good brother Aaron. His life was in God, and to this work of the gospel of Christ, he devoted both soul and body. As a special ministration he had received many beautiful gifts of the spirit. The company tarried in this place several days and then returned to Ashfield. On the 20th of May they returned to Harvard and during the Summer visited Shirley and Woburn, teaching, strengthening, and encouraging the Believers, to a faithfulness in the work of God. But the spirit of opposition was still restless. The enemies of the cross still thirsted for persecution. The stale charge of foes to the country, fire arms and implements of war, was again renewed as a pretext; nor could they be satisfied short of expelling the testi- mony with all its witnesses from the country. Id the month of July a number of men convened and appointed a committee to post advertisements in several towns and notify the people to meet on Harvard common, and arrange to drive off the Shakers. The advertisements were posted, and the people met on the day appointed. Deacon Fairbanks of the Presbyterian church, accounted the best church member and the greatest Christian in the town of Harvard, sent two barrels of cider to the meeting that the mob might have something to stimulate their zeal. As it was time for the ministers to hold their meeting, the mob were requested to wait -till the Shakers had been seen by them. A committee of four evangelical Pastors were appointed who wrent to the Square House to confer with the Elders, Zabdiel Adams from Lunenburg was the speaker. He asked if there was liberty to suggest a few questions. 'Yea,' replied Elder James, ' any civil questions. ' Adams then observed that the people were apprehensive that war like stores were laid up in this house, (Square House) and manifested much concern about it. Elder James who was convinced that they did not believe the charge which they had made, and that it was a mere pretext, replied, 'There is liberty to search the house, if you can do it and not wrong your consciences. I repeat, there is liberty to search the house from attic to cellar, if you can do it and not wrong your consciences. ' Adams then, addressing the Believers asked, 'Are you willing to take up arms against Britain ? ' Father William replied, ' I have never killed a creature with a gun in my life.' 'But,' said Adams, 'Are you friends to America ? ' ' Yea, ' replied Elder James, 'we are friends to all the souls of men.' 'But supposing,' said Adams, 'one of your people should go into the war and should live to return home again, would he not have to confess it as a sin?' ' Yea, surely,' replied Elder James, 'if he, himself believes it to be a sin ; but we do not bind me- -'s consciences. ' Adams then turning to Aaron Jewett, said, 'When you confessed your sins, did you not confess your going into the army as a sin ? ' Aaron replied, ' I was so far from confessing it as a sin, that 1 never once thought of it. ' Many other inquiries were made, which were all promptly and judiciously answered by Elder James and others. The principle object of these interrogations seemed to be to find out the opinion of the Elders, respecting the war, in order to satisfy themselves concerning the general rumors, that the Believers were enemies to the country. Elder James answered them plainly and pointedly respecting this matter. That Believers had nothing to do with the war one way or the other, but said he, 'We will fight your enemy, and the enemy of all mankind; that is, the spirit of evil. ' After a lengthy conversation on the subject, Elder James suggested that the Believers should sing a hymn, and there was soon a union gift. He then invited the Ministers to dine at the Square House, but they declined, as they must return to the mob, that was waiting to hear the l'eport. It was subsequently learned that all were advised to relinquish their design and let the Shakers alone. One of the Ministers asked Adams what he thought of the Shakers. lie replied, 'I think the people better let the Shakers alone.' This advice occasioned considerable confusion among the restless characters that formed the mob. Some were urgent to proceed but as the town officers had asked for paper and ink, it was rumored that they expected, to take down the names of all present. This ga- -e them a fright and they began to disperse without doing any violence.