SPIRITUAL COMMUNISM. MARTHA J. ANDERSON. ' Seek first the Jcingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these (material) things will he added thereto.' Matt, vi., 23. This divine ideal of life, conceived by the spiritual mind of the lowly iNazarene, was no less than the foundation atone of the superstructure of true communism, which in its truest meaning and effective working, must result in the highest social and spiritual progress, and when it accomplishes this, material benefits are a natural sequence. And who shall form the kingdom of God? An aggregation of souls striving for perfection; animated by a noble spirit of heroic sacrifice and deep earnestness of feeling; having ever this object in view, the uplifting and advancement of humanity in all that is righteous and virtuous; ever realizing in all their efforts, that self-abnegation is the first round on the ladder of progress ; and that greatest service flows through humblest deeds. 'For he that would be great among you, let him be the servant of all. ' And his righteousness; which is equity, truth and equality; 'no high nor Ioav, no rich nor poor.' Yielding perfect obedience to the moral and physical law of our being ; also to the higher spiritual law, which cuts souls off from the natural generative life, and makes them iu reality the children of the new kingdom. A modern communist has said, that ' Those who agree in what constitutes a righteous life, will inevitably group themselves together, regardless of their differences in education, philosophical views and social standing; and this agreement, together with the earnest desire to be assisted by others, in the work of self-improvement, will cement the community into an organic body. The religion of the gospel of Christ is the abolition of selfishness. 'Go sell all that thou hast, give to the poor, and come follow me,' i.s ever a hard saying to those whose hearts are attached to worldly gains ; but those who obey, are fully recompensed, receiving the hundred fold increase promised to those who forsake all for the higher life. Under the inspiration of this ennobling spirit, true believers are resolved in one brotherhood and sisterhood; growing away from the contracting influences that bind an individual, and limit his or her interests merely to natural kith and kin ; for it enlarges the sphere of the affections, and increases life's duties of love and fidelity to all who may come within the limit of our philanthropic labor. They who gather themselves* together merely for the acquisition of material wealth, fail in their attempts at organi- zation, as lias been proved over and over again, because self-aggrandizement predominates. ' Gather yourselves together and I will break you in pieces,' said the spirit by the mouth of the prophet of old. Why? because of the false foundations of their association. Ouly those who are prompted by a high moral impulse to subdue the selfish appetites and propensities, that cause division, strife and animosity among mankind, can form the divine fraternity, in which only angelic relations shall be sustained. Truly God's kingdom, whose law is pure love, whose inheritance is abiding peace, security and abundance, for soul and body. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.