Shaker Land Limitation Act. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Henry George, Dear Friend ; The Christ, whom Christendom recognizes, was Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus did not marry, owned no land. Did not allow his disciples to have 'private porperty in land.' And when he said, 'Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the earth,' it was as a joint inheritance, not individually, as 'private property in land.' Thanks for the Eagle containing your 'Two forms of slavery.' 'It must be so; thou reasonest well' from true premises. When John the Baptist came in Judea, men said, it is Elias materialized. They knew that Elias and Mo.'.es had materialized to Jesus and disciples on the mount of transfiguration. Now, I think George Henry Evaus has materialized in Henry George. If it be not so, I can no more help it than I can help seeing that you have entered into his labors. You are teaching the truths which cost George Henry his life. I have seen nothing better upon the subject of land than your article. All honor to the Brooklyn Eagle for publishing such radical truths as proceed from your pen. Garret Smith exclaimed in a burst of eloquence, 'The sea! the sea!! God be praised for the sea ! ! !' It belonged to all mankind. Nobody owns the sea. May we not say, God be praised for modern Christianity- -for the Shakers? who having abundance of land, have no private property in land,' neither can they say of aught they possess it is mine or thine. Land and its products being held in common. Jefferson affirmed, that 'no man had right to land only in usufruct'- -what he or she can use. Mother Ann said, ' the light of the gospel will increase. ' In that increasing light, the Shakers begin to see that they have sinned, as communities, by monopolizing land. They have bought all that joined them, to the extent of their means. In the things wherein they sinned in the same have they been punished. An honest confession is good for the soul. The care of the surplus land absorbed the energies of those who should have been missionaries to supply the societies with prepared souls to build up the Kingdom of Heaven upon earth. The kingdom for which Christians are all praying. We are now selling off real estate, but more as a matter of necessity than from conviction or a religious principle. The Shakers Avere educated in the world- -Christendom- -inhere in us as a people. We do not hold land as 'private property,' but, as communities, (of which there are some sixty in different States.) we monopolize it without limit. Cannot the Legislature help us to do right, by passing a SHAKER LAND LIMITATION LAW ? Gladstone says, Government should make it easy for the people to do right. Why not? Unlimited land possessions has proved a curse, not a blessing, to Shaker Communities, as it has to all the seventy communities of which Noyes and Nordhoff give the history. If there be an Act limiting the number of acres that any Shaker Community, or any other community, association, co-operation, or Syndicate, may possess in any of the United States, and compelling them to dispose of all lands, above the legal limit, within a given set time, it will help the Shakers to resist the temptation to society selfishness- -help us to obey our faith, so that we do not join house to house and acre to acre until there be no place but some eleemosynary or penal institution for the landless poor. As an appendix to the Act I would suggest none b?:t citizens of the United States may hereafter become freeholders. And that all lands now held by foreigners, as individuals, may be sold ; but, not passed by will to heirs, unless those heirs are citizens of the United States. If held by syndicates, give them a reasonable time to dispose of their lands under pain of forfeiture to the United States. Citizens, in this Shaker land limitation act shall mean Indians, male and female, of legal age. And all other men and women, whether native, or naturalized, of whatever color or race. But, no such citizen, as above defined, shall after the date of this Act, buy and become possessed of more than one hundred acres of land or such other amount as the wisdom of Congress may fix upon as the legal limit. When a landholder dies, his or her heirs may inherit with the proviso, that all land above the legal limit to each h- - -ir, shall be sold within an appointed time, or be forieited to the United States. Each state, county, and town shall seek to make every citizen a freeholder. And homesteads shall be inalienable to the end, that there be no poor in the land and no poor not possessed of laud. That no American citizen- -one of the sovereign people and joint owners of this landless continent, become a tramp or an inmate of a pauper house or prison. And that no Shaker, or other community, be a land monopolist. F. W. Evans.