THE KINGDOM OF GOD. That the prophets were interested in the promises of God, to Israel, we may learn from ] Peter, i., 7, 10, 13. It was of a future glorious kingdom that was to be set up on the earth. They searched diligently to know what the spirit of Christ signified, as it testified of his sufferings and also of his glory. Unto vrhora it was revealed that not unto themselves, but unto us did they minister those things. Us upon whom the ends of the world have come. These prophecies were given for instruction to these who are to be the actors in their fulfilment, that they might be of the wise that should understand. 'Many shall be purified and made whole and tried, but the wicked shall do wickedly; and none of the wicked shall understand, but the wise shall understand.' Dan. xii., 10. These promises were also given that God's people might understand the signs of the times in which they lived. If God promised to set up a kingdom on the earth, he also promised that the saints should possess it. Is it not important for us to know of the time in which God promised to set up his kingdom on the earth? If the prophecy has been fulfilled, may we not be ignorant of the fact, and be left to wonder and perish? Hav- ing no oil in our lamps and yet waiting for the Bridegroom. 'For as a thief shall he come. ' 'And as a snare shall it come on ail them that dwell on the face of the whole earth.' Luke ii., 34, 35. It is evident that Nebuchadnezzar's dream of the image, and Daniel's explanation, (Dan. ii.) his after visions of the beasts, (vii., 8.) and John's visions of the beasts, (Rev. xii., 13.) are prophetic histories of the same powers and are given more definitely, as we pass down the course of time. They were given, no doubt, for a wise purpose, that the wise need not walk in darkness. Four universal kingdoms were to be set up on the earth, and before the fourth should pass away, God would set up a kingdom which should never be destroyed. (Dan. ii., 44.) It may be duty to search diligently into these promises and see what may be learned from them. In the second chapter of Daniel we have the explanation of the king's dream. He says, ''Thou, 0 king art a king of kings for the God of heaven hath given thee a kingdom, power and strength and glory and wheresoever the children of men dwell, the beasts of the field and the fowls of heaven, hath be given into thine hand, and hath made thee ruler over them all. Thou art this head of gold. ' Dan. ii.. 87, 38. We need no further evidence to establish the first kingdom and that it is Babylon, B. C. 603. The s &gt;cond kingdom. 'His breast and his arms were of silver. ' Dan. ii., 32. This was Media and Persia, as we learn from the following:- - -' Belshazzar, the king, made a great feast to a thousand of his lords, and drank wine before the thousand, ' 'In the same hour came forth fingers of a man's hand, and wrote over against the candlestick upon the plaster of the wall, of the king's palace.' Dan. v., 25, 28. That night Belshazzar, the king of the Chaldeans was slain, and Darius the Median took the kingdom. J5y this conquest the first kingdom passed into that of the second, B. C 538. 'Four great beasts came up from the sea, diverse one from the other. The first, like a lion, had eagles' wings; I beheld till the wings thereof were plucked, and it was lifted up from the earth, and made to stand upon the feet as a man, and a man's heart was given to it.' Dan. vii., 8, 4. Babylon in its glory was like a lion, soaring with eagles' wings, hut in Belshazzar's time, it lost its wings and became weak as the heart of man. 'And behold another beast, a second, like to a bear, and it raised up itself on one side, and it had three ribs in its mouth, between its teeth, and they said unto it, arise, devour much flesh.' Dan. vii., 5. Ancient historians stigmatize the Medes and Persians as the greatest robbers and spoilers that ever oppressed the nations. 'I saw and behold there stood before the river a ram which had two horns. And the ram pushed westward, northward and southward, so that no beast might stand before him, neither was there any that could deliver out of his hand; but he did according to his will and became great.' Dan. viii., 3, 4-. The angel Gabriel explained to Daniel that the two horns were the kings of Media and Persia. This vision took place, B. C. 555, two years after the vision of the lion, bear and leopard. The head of gold and the lion representing Babylon, were of no farther use in the vision and according to Lightfoot, Townsend and other eminent chronologists, it was after the fall of Babylon, hence, Daniel was in Shushan the capital of Persia, ^hus Media and Persia are established to be the second kingdom, B. C. 538. The third kingdom was Grecia. 'His belly and thighs of brass. And another third kingdom of brass that shall bear rule over all the earth.' Dan. ii., 82, 80. 'After this I beheld, and lo, another like a leopard, which had upon the back of it, four wings of a fowl; the beast had also four heads, and dominion was given to it. ' Dan. vii., (5. ' And as I was considering behold a goat came from the west, on the face of tiie whole earth, and touched not the ground; and he had a notable horn between his eyes, and he came to the ram that had two horns, and ran into him in the fury of his power, and smote him, and brake his two horns : and there was no power in the ram to stand before him, but he cast him down to the ground and stamped upon him.' 'Therefore the goat waxed very great, and when he was strong the great horn was broken ; and for it came up four notable ones, toward the four winds of heaven.' Dan. viii. Gabriel informed Daniel that the goat was Grecia, and that the great horn was the first king; and history informs us that the king was Alexander. 'The great horn being broken (by the death of Alexander the Great) for it came up four notable ones. ' The four horns are four kingdoms that shall stand up out of the nation, towards the four winds of heaven. ' Macedonia, west; Thrace, north: Syria, east and Egypt, south. 'The goat came from the west, (so did Grecia) on the face of the whole earth and touched not the ground,' denoting swift flight. Grecia conquered Media, B. C. 331. The fourth and last kingdom must have commenced according to the visions and prophecies at the end of the third. la this fourth kingdom the God of heaven promised to set up his everlasting kingdom, and should not the fulfilment of these prophecies and visions be to us a subject of the highest importance? This establishes in our mind that Grecia was the third kingdom. ' The fourth kingdom shall be strong as iron; forasmuch as iron breaketh in pieces and subdueth all things.' This kingdom was weakened with potter's clay, and divided and thus became partly strong and partly broken. ' After this I saw in the night visions and behold a fourth beast, dreadful and terrible, and strong exceedingly; and it had great iron teeth; it devoured and brake in pieces, and it was diverse from all the beasts that were before it, and it had ten herns. ' Dan. vii., 7. The image had ten toes. The fourth beast shall be the fourth kingdom upon the eartli, and the ten horns are the ten kings that shall arise. ' Dan. vii., 23, 24. Thus far the history of Rome corresponds with the visions. 'I considered the horns, and behold, there came up among them another little horn, before whom there were three of the first horns plucked up by the roots, and behold, in the horn were eyes as the eyes of a man, and a mouth speaking great things. ' Dan. vii., 8. Daniel prayed to know the truth of the fourth beast and received this answer. 'These four beasts are four kings which shall arise out of the earth. The fourth beast shall be the fourth kingdom upon eartli. And the ten horns out of his kingdom are ten kings that shall arise, and another shall rise after them, and he shall be diverse from the first, and he shall subdue three kings. ' The ten horns which are ten kings, arose as follows :- - - -1st The Huns, A. D. 35G. 2nd The Ostrogoths, A. D. 877. 3rd The Visgoths, A. D. 378. 4th The Franks, A. D. 407. 5th The Vandals, A. D. 407. 6th The Sueves, A. D. 407. 7th The Burgundians, A. D. 407 8th The Saxons, A. D. 47G. 9th The Herulians, A. D. 476. 10th The Lombards, A. D. 483. Home arose at a later date and subdued three. Ileruli in Italy, A. D. 493. The Vandals, A. D. 534 and the Ostrogoths in 538. We need but compare St. John's visions of the beasts with Daniel's vision of the fourth beast to-be convinced that they represent the same power. The red dragon having seven heads and ten horns. The horns represent the same kingdoms, as do the toes. St. John saw a beast rise up out of the sea, havi~~ seven heads and ten horns. ' Rev. xiii., 8. 'And these are seven kings,' denoting seven forms of Roman government. 'And the beast which I saw was like a leopard and his feet as the feet of a bear, and his mouth asthe mouth ot a lion; and the dragon gave him his power and his seat and great authority. ' Rev. xiii., 2. And there was given him a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies, an power was given him to continue forty and twomonths. ' 'And it was given him to make war with the saints and to overcome them' and power was given him over all kindred* and tongues and nations. ' All this agrees with the seventh and eighth chapters of Daniel. - ' ' And there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be taxed.' Luke ii., 1, 2, 3. At that time Joseph and Mary went to be taxed. At which time Jesus was born. This establishes the fact that Rome was the fourth kingdom. Although it may be tally established that the fourth beast of Daniel's visions and St. - -John's beasts were symbols of the Roman power and last universal kingdom, and that in the day of these kings, the God of heaven - -would set up his kingdom that should stand - -forever; and that the kingdom of God is already set up, nevertheless, we wish to add a few more evidences as farther proof to those -who are h-rd to convince, and are infidel and skeptical in divine revelation and inspiration. .No stronger proof can b* given to the unbeliever in the word of God, than the prophecies that have foretold future events, hundreds of years prior to their fulfilment, and yet have been fulfilled to the letter. Most of vthe prophecies where time is given in days or months have been fulfilled to the letter. A day signifying a year. It was so counted in Ezekiel. 'Thou shalt hear the iniquity of the house of Judah forty days. I have appointed thce each day for a year. ' It was so fulfilled iij the prophecy of the seventy weeks. 'Seventy weeks are determined upon thy people and upon thy holy city, to finish the transgression and to make an end of sin, and to make reconciliation for iniquity, and to bring in everlasting righteousness, :and to seal up the vision and prophecy, and : to anoint the Most Holy. ' 'Know therefore and understand that - -from the going forth of tho commandment to .restore and to build Jerusalem, unto the .Messiah, the Prince, shall be seven weeks, sthree score and two weeks; the streets shall &gt;t&gt;e built again and the walls, even in troublous times. ' Dan. ix. This was in the year ;B. C. 457, and agrees with Nehemiah, iv., 10. Now, seven, sixty and two weeks make sixty nine weeks, and seven days in a week make 483 days. Each day a year brings us from ..13. C. 457, to A. D. 20. Add twenty six to - -four hundred and fifty seven and we have - -483. His birth occurring four years prior to A. D. 1, would make him about thirty years - -of age. Jesus was baptized, A. D. 2G. Therefore it is evident that the coming of the .Messiah, was at the baptism and not at the birth of Jesus. This is established beyond - -dispute by Daniel ix. 'And he shall confirm the covenant with many for one week. ' Seven days added to :26 and we have A. D. 33, the year that Jesus was crucified. This fills out the seventy weeks, 490 days, in y^ars, from the time the decree went forth to Ezra, B. C. 457. This establishes the authenticity of inspiration, visions and prophecy, and it ought to convince the Jews, skeptics and infidels that Jesus Christ was the promised Messiah. 'And from the time the daily sacrifice shall be taken away, and the abomination that maketh desolate set up, there shall be 1290 days.' The daily sacrifice was taken away in A. ]). 508, when the pagan kings we^e converted to Christianity. See Gibbon, Vol. 3rd, page 262. To 508 add 1290 years and we have A. I). 1798, the year the Pope was led into captivity. When the Pope lost his power we have established the ending - -f the 1290 days. ' And the dragon gave his power unto the beast; and a mouth was given him speaking great things and blasphemies, and power was given unto him to continue forty and two months, 12G0 days, beginning A. D. 538, add 12C0 and it brings us again, A. I). 1798, the end of the beast. This is the same as in Daniel vil. The same persecuting power, wearing out the saints, and it shall reign time 1, times, 2, and half time, %=3}4 years, 42 months or 12C0 years, ending in A. D. 1798. Is not the scattering of the holy people accomplished, and we therefore beyond the time times, and half time? Did not those kings pass away from the power and dominion of the fourth kingdom, and did not God promise to set up his everlasting kingdom, in the days of those kings, while in the fourth kingdom? Is not the kingdom of God now set up on the earth? When prophecies are in the past and fulfilled, and history has sealed them to be true, may they not then be understood? And is it of no consequence that God's people should know when the time has arrived in which he promised to give them the kingdom? Had the Jews known the time of their prophecies and their fulfilment would they have done as they did? And these being facts, is it not the duty, and in the interest of all mankind to seek the kingdom of God and its righteousness? These prophecies were evidently given for the good of God's people, or why were they given thousands of vears before the events were fulfilled? The time of the end has come, (Dan. xii.) and the time has arrived for visions to be unsealed. The promise is, 'Seek and ye shall find; knock and it shall be opened unto you. For every one that asketh receiveth, and he that seekethfindeth, and to him that knocketh it shall be opened. White Water, Ohio.