THE IDEAL SLEEPING ROOM [Contributed by Rachel Webb.] JLt 32.ust Ite Well Ventilated and Hare Plenty of Sunshine. The 'ideal sleeping room' will face the east. It will be not less than fifteen feet square, with windows on two sides for light and ventilation. For farther ventilation it will have an open fireplace. The walls will be hard-finished and tinted a colur that will be restfal to the eye. The woodwork will be finished in its natural color, paint not being admitted. The floor will be of hard, polished wood, with small rugs for comfort that arc shakeable weekly. Everything that would invite dust will be strictly excluded, therefore the furniture will have no extra carvings. The one hair mattress will be of the best quality, made in two parts for convenience in turning and airing, with a woven wire spring beneath. The bed clothing will be the lightest, at the same time warmest, consisting of blankets and white spread. All extra adornments of lambrequins and fancy things of no use will not find a place here. The curtains Avill be of thin, washable material. The ' coming woman ' will plan to heve her bed set away from the wall for health's sake as well as convenience. Modern ' conveniences ' will be let alone as far as stationary washbasin with hot and cold water is concerned, the portable washstand being used in- stead, she preferring to do a little extra work to running any risk ot being slowly and genteelly poisoned. Tier bed will be well spread open the first thing in the morning, and the sunshine and air invited in to do its part toward airing and cleansing of the same, and the making of the bed will be the last of the morning duties. The 'coming woman' will plan a big closet in each sleeping room, with a window for ventilation, if a possible thing. It will not be a receptacle for old boots or shoes, nor antiquated bonnets, hats or soiled clothing. There will be plenty of hooks at the proper height for her to reach- -not the carpenter- - not forgetting to put those in the children's closet at a. suitable height for them. The children will be remembered in this house and will have a room with a hard wood floor where all their belongings can be kept and they can play to their heart's content, without being told not to do this or that for fear of hurting the carpet or furniture ; where everything shall be usable and bangable, plenty of old chairs and boxes for steam-cars or circuses ; where they can decorate the walls with pictures, and have a good time generally.- - M. J. I'lumstead, in Good Housekeeping.