CHRISTIAN BROTHERHOOD. CHAUNCY DIBBLE. Christian brotherhood in practical operation must be founded on purity, love and universal peace. With this, all who have a prophetic view coincide. But should an institution spring up which has for its object the practical living out of these principles, would the world bless it as an approximation towards the long prayed for reform. The spirit of Christ manifested through whatever medium, is ever an offense to a worldly spirit. Jesus said if ye were of the world it would love its own. The Jews did not accept him as the Messiah yet were obliged to acknowledge his goodness and that he spake the truth. They could not permit of any deviation from their creeds. Even now should any revelation of truth be manifested conflicting with the dogmas of the sectarian church of to-day it would doubtless be rejected. Jesus would not conceive of a God that delighted in j blood. His was a God of love and j peace. He never quoted God as a lead- ! er of battles or gave any such coloring to his character ; but a universal Parent., as the sun shining upon the just and the unjust. Called to be a Savior, Jesus felt the necessity of reforming himself aud as he grew in years, so in j wisdom and power to govern his own spirit. Men of ordinary fortitude can face death, but it requires most enduring courage to face the truth in our daily lives and walk by it at the expense of ease and indulgence. It became the Savior of mankind that he should be fashioned like unto his brethren, to be a perfect pattern. We accept Jesus resurrected out of Adam's race through the aid of divine inspiration wherewith all may be baptized and rise with him who was the first born among many brethren. And in proportion as we rise with him into an element of purity we become saviors to others. Every intelligent being, man or woman, is endowed with a spark of Deity which if cultivated will constitute him or her a son or daughter of the living God who imparted to man the boon of eternal life. We shall exist in that degree of happiness to which we attain by our own exertion aided by each other aud ministering spirits. In Christian brotherhood there is most happiness and protection. Such is the order of Heaven. Watervliet, N. Y.