CHRISTIANITY. To be good and to do good is about the sum total of the Christian discipline. In this may be found a salvation from all that is wrong or a protection from the sins of the world. As simple as this formula may be, all the laws that have been made, all the creeds that have been written, and all the exhortations that have been held forth, have not been able to accomplish anything more beneficial for humanity, or redound more to the glory of God. Even the prophet, as he became anxious for the protecting spirit of God to be manifested toward the children of Israel, urged them as an essential preparation for the divine presence, to 'cease to do evil and learn to do well.' They had listened for years to a record of laws and carnal ordinances that had covered all the transgressions that they did or might do, and still their advancement was very limited in the essential works of righteousness. It was not uncommon for religionists to build with one hand and to destroy with the other. Man's humanity for man was mixed largely with selfishness, while man's love for the god-like qualities of the mind were, indeed, very low. The New Testament is equally simple in its exhortations toward a godly life. The divine Teacher was earnest in his ministration to save his people from their sins ; to learn them, that to make the Lord's path strait, was at the same time making their own path strait, and that no time should be lost in the needless repetition of long prayers, or in committing to memory the commandments of men. In this wonderful simplicity of the gospel work, the Scribes and Pharisees found not the least chance for the exhibition of their profound learning or for their fine spun theories, so essential as they thought, to propitiate the favor of God. 'Seek first the kingdom of God,' said Jesus, and in obtaining this you have the key to success in securing all other needed blessings. God's kingdom is the embodiment of righteousness and those who entered by the door became the sons and daughters of a heavenly order. To have this it is essential to love mercy, to live humbly and to keep unspotted from the world. In this way we enter in at the strait gate, which leads to life. All of this experience through which mankind have passed, has no doubt, been the needed lesson which has brought them to the pi ice which they now occupy. It probably could not have been reached in any other way, and even at this late date in the history of man, there are conditions which present themselves most forcibly to us, by the exhibition of so much that is coarse, cruel and savage, that they THE TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 65 belong to the curliest ages of mankind. The ferocity of the wild beast could not be more signally displayed in its own home, than it is in the society of some men Avho are said to have been made in the image of God. Here we find the necessity for the restraining influence of the Levitical laws, of the condign punishment of the willing transgressor, and of the bars and bolts that are used to hold in check the wild and reckless conditions of the human family. We arc quite willing however, to believe that there has been, from age to age, a gradual change for | the better, and that the higher faculties of the mind are now in many cases, occupying the foremost place, and that all are actively at work for the salvation of the race. Wherever this goodness may be found we find the manifestation of the love of God. It may, sometimes appear among those whom we denominate '.evil'' or 'unjust' and yet as the sun shines, or the rain falls, it reaches these conditions, under the guidance of a heavenly Father's care, as effectually as it does upon the 'good' and upon the 'just.'' How very limited and selfish are our conceptions of God's work when we foolishly circumscribe it to the little circle in which we move, while to be better informed, we are positively assured that 'his love is everywhere. ' 'For modes of faith, Let graceless zealots tight,' as they ever have done, and reap as they eventually will, the fruit of their own selfishness. Whatever the system of religious belief may be, unless it teaches men to deny themselves of 'all ungodliness and every worldly lust,' it cannot find itself in harmonious action with that taught by the divine Teacher. It may be expressed in so simple a&gt; form that no one can fail to understand the foundation work upon which it rests, and be equally as able to walk in its light, as they are to breathe the air around them.