NECESSITY OF EXPANSION. OLIVER C. HAMPTON. One of the laws of the universe of finite beings and things is progress- -im-_ provement- -evolution (i.e.) rolling out or unfolding from lower to higher degrees of perfection. Between the finite spirit of man and the Infinite spirit of the All Good there is an eternal attraction. This attraction subsists between all finite and Infinite conditions. This attraction makes it possible for man and all other finite creatures and things to progress to higher degrees of perfection. Higher and higher conditions of perfection, evolve higher and higher conditions of hnppiness. In our rudimental life and sensuous existence we are little better than unborn. 'Wrapped about with the cerements of selfishness in which we have been embalmed, and buried in the chaotic elements of the world (viz.) 'The lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye and the pride of life,' we are exceedinglyhard to resurrect. Nevertheless through the above named attraction, resurrection is possible. For in spite of all drawbacks the blessed attraction of the l;ve of the Infinite Father and Mother is in eternal and persistent energy and activity, and so, sooner or later we shall all be saved. It may be- -nay- -will be 'so as by fire' by sufferings, by constant self-sacrifice for the good of others, but be of good cheer, we shall all be able in the long run to meet and bear these, and go on to perfection. Now forms are evanescent and changeable, but principles are eternal and unchangeable. Every discreet unfoldment of higher truth to finite man requires a new form to ex- press itself in. This is because it is some little different from any thing which preceded it. Especially is this true of unimportant externalities. Their present forms must give way to new ones as fast as any improvements suggest themselves. It would be ridiculous to employ the old forms for the transmission of nsAgs by the old methods since the truths and facts of the Telephone and Telegraph have been reached by man. To be sure truth is truth and never changes, but man's finite apprehension of it takes a new form every time he makes any progress towards perfection in higher and better perceptions of the same. Forms, fashions, customs, external rules all have to bow to the fiat of evolution and progress toward that which is more perfect. This need not alarm the most conservative Believer. For unless we keep pace with the progress of the universe our individual progress will be an impossibility. We shall be whirled,off at some side station and relegated to the limbo of worn out- -superannuated and used up institutions. A jacket with weather-boarding sown on to the lower end of it costing more time and labor than the whole garment without, won't do in this day of economy of time and resources- -this day of improvement in all - -directions. I suppose the most reasonable course for any to pursue, lies between the two extremes of radicalism and conservatism just as it lies between all other extremes. But we have a sure word of prophecy in the instructions from our good Ministry of the Mother Church, who so far have led us in perfect safety and prosperity in the exact degree to which we have yielded a filial obedience to their instructions. The Christ of the universe is met face to face in that sublime order and organization acknowledged and maintained among us even 'God manifested in the flesh' by which the weaker and less experienced are ministered to by those further advanced and these again by higher and higher circles of intelligence, wisdom, and love. Our foundation rests upon this eternal and impersonal principle and is impregnable to any and all assaults from below. And whatever new forms or changes may be necessary to meet the continually changing scenes of time or eternity inside or outside of Zion, will be made conducive to our well-being- -protection and progress, so long as we adhere to this fundamental principle of organization and yield unfailing obedience and allegiance thereto. Thus shall we escape the Scylla of conservatism and death on the one hand, and the Charybdis of destruction through radicalism on the other. I have lived a long time in strict compliance with this bedrock principle of organization and it has never failed me in a single instance, but through its divine instrumentality I have always been saved- -protected- -resurrected from rudimental conditions of sorrow and unrest; and so I can safely recommend the same to all who hunger and thirst after righteousness. Union Village, Ohio.