REVIVALS. ANDREW BARRETT. Much has been said and written about a renewal of the pentecostal fire and spirit among the people, to start anew that strong faith of our fathers and mothers, wherein the spirit of convic- tion would work in the soul to tell the individual the difference between right and wrong. I don't see it come. What's the cause? Why does a gracious Father withhold from his children bread for which they are perishing? As we pass through Zion's decimated ranks, from death and apostasy to the principles, we read on the countenances of. many that are left, discouragement. Should this be the case with those who have through a long life stood by the principles of truth and purity? Occasionally we meet the stinging epithet, you Shakers seem to be decreasing or ruuning out. What is the cause? A quick response- -As we have been harvested from the worldly into the heavenly order- -the works of the generative order are left behind, and this throws the responsibility upon you to supply us with material to build up our societies. What do we find among the masses that are sent among us from your order to become members of our institution? Not many are able to comprehend ihe meaning of the principles upon which our society is based. A Virgin Life. Community of interests and equality of the sexes ; the noblest and surest and only principles whereon a society can stand and keep out the destructive wolf, selfishness, that has broken to pieces so many organizations that have started with good heart but lo ! fell to the ground for want of spiritual support. This they will have if based upon these principles. Do you wonder that under these conditions our numbers are growing less ? The eld and faithful veterans who have fought long in the struggle for right, are passing one after another, over to their homes on the evergreen shores, and none coming in to fill their places. Are you willing, friends, that principles as noble as these should be lost to the world? Are not these the balancing wheel, the salt, the leaven, among mankind to still hold them in union with the higher powers, and link them in the golden chain with the angels? Let us start anew our revival spirit and let the young men and women of your cities, your towns and villages pray again that the pentecostal fire and holy spirit may come down upon them to show them that lust, pride, and worldly affection are not the elements of righteousness. They are not of the spirit of Christ and no man or woman can live in that element and be a true follower of the Christ spirit. Friends, we make an application to you. You whose souls are hungering after a higher character than a worldly life has given you, to come and see if there is not a healing balm in Gilead, (the Shaker order,) that you cannot find elsewhere. To know of the doctrine whether it is of Christ or not you must come and prove it for yourselves. Come, bearing these credentials. To shake yourselves from all prejudice, all evil of every name and nature. Wishing to live a pure virgin life. Expecting to work out your own salvation. Desiring to attain the highest good in this life. Thankful for a place to control the appetites and passions and a willingness to confess all sin and stop sinning. In this spirit we invite all who are willing to come and help us carry forward these principles, the assurance of a happy home, and a blessed relationship where by obedience they can work out a true Christian character. 'We are few in numbers, fewer we may be, but few or many our resolves are to hold on to the living faith and principles which we have struggled so hard to maintain and we value more than our natural lives. We often hear the cry, u Come down half way from your full cross and you will have members enough to fill your ranks.' But woe ! to Shakeriem should this be the case. Like causes would produce like effects. There is uo more assurance of the success of our institution than there was of the Oueida or Owenite only by living out the principles. Let us put on the whole armor of God and make no compromise with tempting worldly overtures. If we fail to do this, there will be another falling away of the church and another era of dark ages inaugurated. Let us have another pentecostal revival. We can get it by prayer. When the Holy Spirit came down upon the disciples in the temple they were having a prayer meeting. The same labor and struggle will bring the same results in our day. 'Ask and ye shall receive, seek and ye shall find, knock and it shall be opened unto you.' What could be more plain and simple. Let us on the strength of these promises put our whole souls into the work and success will crown our labors. Ayer, Mass.