A Tribute of Affection to the Memory of Bro. Granville T. Sproat. FLORENCE STAPLES. Calm and serene from out a cloudless sky 'Mid roseate, amber hues, a sun hath set The lengthening shadows, twilight gray The hallowed hush, with hope and faith were met, By one who gladly trod the path of life, Till time was o'er and its short span was run; Or one who waited patiently to hear The summons from the Father, ta- -k is done! No sable pall enshrouds his spirit form, For death is not; but final triumph's given. As here he shares his peace, his rest in God, As here he shares the state of bliss, of heaven. Awoke to glories of a grand beyond, The real; the type of which revealed we see; To realize the blessedness of faith, A life in truth to God devoted free. Why mourn, O mortals, and in anguish weep? Why seek to wrestle from the hand of fate? Firm reason in her magic sceptered sway Through stern affliction, bids us hope, and wait. He lingers near, his presence still we feel As angel choirs a song of welcome sing: The grave! the grave! Ah! hath its victory? And death yea death! where is its blight or sting? Above the tomb the drapery of night Whose cold embrace conceals the casket frail; The spirit greets the cheerful morning light, Beyond the confines of time's misty veil. O upward step! Oh resurrection grand! Thro' thee progression's march is on and on, The goal of life- -perfection's heights attained, The rich reward- -the conqueror's crown is won. Life, life the breath of inspiration given, Soul of existence quenchless living flame; From the eternal source and fountain given Recedes unto its origin again. 'Tis change, revolving elements attest; Its truth sublime in clear imperial light Gleams forth in lessons from the glittering page, Whereen we trace no darkening shades of blight. The fragile flower, in dewy splendor graced, Kissed by the fair the rosy light of morn; Ere noontide melts to soften shades of eve; The withering blast may tear its fairy form. Fond recollection still survives, and cheers, And the sweet incense of its perfumed breath Exhaled upon the gale defines the law, Declares the truth, 'tis change, 'tis change! not death. The pure and noble- -wealth immortalize, The structure reared in dignity and grace, The soul's true merit, high attainments wrought, Time's fingers ne'er can on these tarnish trace. But ere expanding in the great beyond The Godlike powers unlimited and free Finds growth eternal; 'tis man's destiny Through rolling ages of eternity. O sweet assurance, trust, and living hope; No vague ideal enshrines our spirits now, Bright scenes sublime in grandeur to us ope, Before thy shrine all must in reverence bow. We know ajar the shining portals stand And feel the angel's ministry to day; The visitants from the blest summer land Who've come to bear the dear loved one away. But not a far, nay, not a distant land, 'Tis but a veil that screens it from our view, His spirit triumphs in the victory now, The conquest of the noble, pure and true. The long, the glorious race is fully run; The Master calls, and faithful to obey He hears the welcome, my beloved well done ! And enters realms of everlasting day. Canaan, N. Y.