Sanitary. SELF-CURE The body, to a large extent, is a machine which, when disarranged, repairs itself. Physicians tell us of the vis mcdica, rix natures- -the power to heal inherent in nature. It is natural to get well. The body's recuperative resources are not equal to every need, but they are very great. It is because of this even that the well man tends to keep well, if he conforms to nature's laws, for the system is ever full of poison from its own waste, the disposal of which nature has provided for, better than any city has for the disposal of its deadly sewerage. Take the case of an ordinary wound. It needs only to have its disrupted parts brought together and nature does the healing; and even in many cases where the parts are not brought together, nature fills up the space with new flesh. So nature will mend a broken bone, on the simple condition that the adjusted parts be allowed the requisite rest. Dyspepsia, whether induced by improper eating, the neglect of exercise, brain overwork, or care, worry and fret, will in time wholly disappear on removal of the cause and compliance with the laws of nature. The best physicians now freely admit that typhoid patients, in the great majority of cases, would recover without a drop of medicine ; that they need medicine mainly to promote ease and comfort, and that pure air is better for them tlian all drugs. The same is true of some other diseases. More and more is it being admitted that, in no case, no drugs have any curative powers, but only aid nature, as the surgeon aids in the case of a badly broken limb, by removing irritating bits, spiculse, etc., and securing the proper adjustment and fixation of the parts. The old-time doctors greatly overdosed people- -in multitudes of cases literally dosed people fo death. Within less than twenty years a personal friend, called to watch with a neighbor far gone in consumption, was shown eleven different medicines, each of which she was to administer during the night, according to the varying symptoms. It cannot be too strongly emphasized that those who observe the laws of their physical nature are likely to keep well- -and even infectious diseases have little power over such persons, and would wholly disappear if all observed these laws. Hall's Journal of Health. WATER IN FOOD The action of water in our food, says a medical writer, is very important. There would be no carrying of food into the system but for the agency of water. It dissolve* everything that we take, and nothing that we take as food can become nutriment that is not dissolved in water. It would not do to test that by taking things and putting them into water and seeing whether they dissolve, and rejecting them as food according to that circumstance ; because food undergoes a considerable change in the stomach. It undergoes a change, to begin with, in our mouth. One of the great objects of that change is to render things soluble which have been before insoluble in water. Starch, which we cannot dissolve in water out of the stomach, is dissolved in water directly it gets into the mouth, for the starch is changed by the saliva into sugar, and that which would lie unchanged in water for months is so changed by the saliva of the mouth and the gastric juice of the stomach that it is speedily dissolved. Hence, when we are taking considerable quantities of dry food, it becomes absolutely necessary that we should add a certain quan. tity of water, so that this dry food should become dissolved. Such things as oats, barley, wheat, rice, maize and other articles of diet containing little water, must have water added, in order that their starch, fat and gluten may be dissolved and enter into the system. Hall's Journal of Health.