From the Youths' Bible Class. By thy words thou... ' By thy words thou shalt be justified, and by thy words thou shalt be condemned. Matt, xii., 37This text shows us the necessity of guarding our words. We should guard equally as well our actions and motives. Words, we know, are the expression of the thoughts and feelings of the mind; and if by these we are to be justified how many should be the truthful, honest words; if by these we are to be condemned how few should be the hasty or unkind words that fall from our lips. If we regard more carefully the maxim ' think twice before you speak' we should be less apt to wound the feelings of others by unkind, unjust words. We cannot recall the words once spoken though we may in a measure atone for the harm they have done. Let us who are young remember the lesson that this text teaches, to guard our lips from speaking words that would cause harm in the least degree; by so doing our lives and the lives of those around us will be made happy. Jennie Loude. Take my yoke upon you... ' Take my yoke upon you, and learn of one, for I am meek awd lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. Matt, xi., 29. We think the important part of the text is this, ' learn of me. ' Although this is the teaching of Jesus to His disciples, yet it applies to our lives and commands us to learn of those who are our Saviors in the present time ; those whose lives are pure and good, who have walked the path of self-denial and have gained the beautiful gift of humility. In this way only can we gain the virtues of a pure life. I think of no greater adorning for the young Christian than a meek, lamblike spirit. I believe as we live in self-denial and the cross, denying ourselves of all that does not belong to a pure life, we are taking upon us the yoke of Christ, our pattern, whose life we strive to imitate. I think inasmuch as we live carefully and obediently to our convictions of right we shall find rest unto our souls, that true rest that we could not find in any other course of life. Let us strive to walk in this way and guard our words, our ways, and manners especially when in the presence of those younger than ourselves; for whatever seed we may sow in their minds we may expect to reap in after years. Edith Inez Gould. Enfield, N. H