NOTES. THE CROSS OF CHRIST. It should become a subject of the deepest interest, to ascertain what may be the essential features of a religious order that bears within itself the elements of eternal life. Those who read the record that has so miraculously escaped the floods and flames, and see the self-sacrificing life work of the humble Nazarene, may have cause for serious reflection, upon the seemingly mysterious ways of Providence. Long before the advent of Jesus, the revelation of God to man presented a cross which demanded an order of life peculiarly characteristic of the guiding spirit that sent it. It was the introduction of a moral law. Men began to bridle their tongues and their passions, and to study the humanity of man. To do this effectually demanded rigid laws, self-discipline and a constant presentation of the cross of that dispensation. Although the Mosaic order has been termed a law of carnal commandments, of meats and drinks, it was evidently one of the essential progressive steps for the race to take, that we might occupy the place, which in the Providence of God, is proffered to this generation. Every nation presents some form of a cross to its people, and indeed, every in dividual is obliged, either voluntarily or iuvoluutarily to accept a cross, a measure of self-discipline in order to maintain a place among men. In whatever way this may come and secure a position in the mind of man, its influence must be for the development of an advanced thought. It may come through laws, wars, floods or flames. The old, the effete passes away, and a better takes its place. It was after the sanguinary and conquering wars of the Romans, and in the peaceful reigu of the Caesar, that Jesus proclaimed the coming of the Kingdom of God. Fearfully devastating wars had also humbled the Jewish nation, and opened the door through which a new and a better order of things could pass. Jesus came, and although he found, in the heart of man, many plants which the Heavenly Father had not planted, he had the pleasure of finding a few congenial minds who were ready to accept the message which he had been commissioned to bring. It was a new order of the Cross, a new discipline for the mind, a new system for the domestic relations, for those who believed on him. Every thing was to be established on a new basis. If there had been a heaven, or a heaven of heavens, where the faithful servants of God of former generations had been gathered to rest from their labors there was to be formed, in this sys,em, a new heaven into which nothing 88 TERMS. could enter that was defiled or false, or that did not bear the impress of the resurrection spirit, as manifested in the life ot Jesus. The old earth which had nourished and protected the selfish and sensual, was like the old heavens, to pass away, and in its place would appear the new earth in which should dwell righteousness and peace. If we have not found an abode in the new heavens and new earth, 'wherein dwelleth righteousness,' then it io quite certain that we have not found the Kingdom of God, where the spirit of Christ rei ns, and equally as certain that we have not found the cross of Christ, which teaches, that unless we deny ourselves of all ungodliness and every worldly lust we cannot become a disciple of our Lord, Jesus Christ.