TESTIMONY of ZIPPORAH CORY. I was born in Plaiufield, Connecticut, April 4th, 1765. When I was eleven years of age, I had very serious reflections concerning the salvation of my soul, and often retired alone to cry and pray to God in the best manner I was able. When I was twelve, my parents moved into Cheshire, Massachusetts. At the age of fourteen I began to go into company, and by that means wore off my conviction ; but in about two years it returned upon me heavier than ever. In this state of mind I was naturally led to look around upon the professors of religion, to see if they lived any better than I did ; but 1 did not see any in whom I could wholly confide : for they would allow themselves in that which I knew to be wicked. I used to tell some of the young people who professed to be Christians, that they were no better than I was, and I did not profess any religion. In the spring of 1781, being then sixteen years of age, I went with, a number of young people, to attend a meeting of the Believers, in Cheshire. My mother had visited the family before, and had received faith ; but my father was a great opposer. By what I saw and heard of their doctrine, worship and manner of life, I was soon convinced that they were of God, While they were in the worship of God, I observed one of the sisters and her countenance was very solemn, and she wept. I believed them to be the people of God aud thought I was left to be lost with the wicked. Ob ou' return home, some of my companions were very rude, and mocked the exercises they had seen. I desired them not to do so ; for I really believed they were the people of God. When 1 came to consider the matter, I did not feel as though I could take up my cross and deny myself, as I knew I must, in order to be one with them. I thought I would try to stifle my conviction, if it was possible ; and strove to do it, but I felt very serious reflections within. I heard my mother say she believed they were the people of God. ' O mother, how can you think so?' said I, and then mentioned the conduct of a certain person who had been disorderly, and who afterwards left the Society. My mind, at that time, was in a situation to seize upon any occasion that might seem to operate against the faith of the Society, and prove their religion false ; but I soon found it was all in vain. \ I continued, however, to strive against my conviction more than a year; though I visited the people twice during that time. In the spring of 1782, I attended their meeting at Br. Bennett's. At this time I saw Lucy, his daughter-inlaw engaged in the worship. Her coun- THE MANIFESTO. 91 tenance was solemn and serene, the tears were running down her cheeks. This filled me with the most serious impressions ; and I thought, surely, such solemnity and sincerity as I saw among these people, was certainly of God. I went home fully determined, if possible, to stifle my conscience. I went on as light as I was able ; so that it was observed by my friends, that they never saw me so light and airy before. And though at times, when alone, I was obliged to give way to a flood of tears ; yet I was determined to suppress all conviction, if possible; but found I could not do it: for the spirit,of God was evidently at work with me, and it became evident that I must yield at last: thus I went on fighting against my own conviction, and feeling the smart of it. In October following I went again, in company with Diana Martin, and attended their meeting at the same place. While they were in worship Diana united with them. This struck me very forcibly, and these words rushed into my mind : '* Two women shall be grinding at the mill; the one shall be taken and the other left.' (See Matt, xxiv., 41.) I felt as though I was left.' About two week^ after this, I attended a meeting again on the Sabbath. At this time Mother and the Elders were at Br. Bennett's. Elder James Whittaker delivered a lengthy discourse which sunk deep into my heart, and I was fully determined to confess my sins before I returned home. I kept with the Believers all day ; but felt so diffident that I had not resolution enough to speak and tell them what I wanted. In the evening I happened to be sitting in the same room with Mother Ann. Elder Calvin Harlow soon came into the room, and advanced towards Mother, as though he was going to speak to her; but seeing me he turned and asked me if I loved the Believers. I answered yes. He asked me if I had confessed my sins. I told him I had noL He then went out. In a few minutes Mother rose and came and took me by the hand, and I then confessed my sins freely and heartily, and was glad of such a privilege, and felt greatly released by it. She counselled me to forsake sin and turn to God with my whole heart; to leave my pride and vanity, and pray to God for his protection ; to kneel in prayer before lying down at night, and after rising in the morning ; and also before and after eating. I tarried until the next day, and was instructed how to live a godly life, and conduct myself in a godly manner. I was at that time engaged in work at the house of a Quaker preacher. When I returned the people of the house discovered an alteration in me, and thought I was sick. As I was very diffident I thought I could not take up my cross and kneel before them; and for this reason I went without my supper and breakfast. But I went to my work, and while 1 was spinning at my wheel, the power of God came upon me and suddenly brought me upon my knees. The family then discovered that I was a Shaker, and all my acquaintances tried to reclaim me, by their exhortations and warnings against delusion. People of different sects beset me with persuasions and flatteries, to join their respective churches and societies. Stephen Carpenter, a deacon of the Baptist church, used his utmost endeavors to convince me that I was deluded with a false religion, till his talk became very wearisome. Because I had set out to forsake everything that was sinful and live to God, he seemed to have a great concern for me 'Ah,' said he, 'you seem to be part Ashdod; sometimes you talk ^ood and sometimes bad.' lie then left me, and I was not troubled with the Bapiist deacon any more. I finished my work at this place as soon as I could, and went home. There I found still greater troubles to encounter. My father abused my mother very much, because of her faith ; and I was so persecuted that I really stood in fear of my life. Many times when I lay down at night, I did not expect to see the light of another day. At one time my fears were so great on account of the extreme abuse, that I often went into the woods and cried to God in my great sorrow. All this persecution I suffered, because I had set out to forsake sin and live a godly life. Before this, I was beloved by the family and neighbors and suffered no persecution. My little brother that was five years old, could not speak a word, nor help himself any more than an infant of three months. One day I kneeled in prayer to God, near where this child was sitting on the floor. While I was on my knees, the child suddenly rose and stood on his feet, which he had never done before, and spoke distinctly, saying, Lord God, three times and then sat down again. He never spoke before nor afterwards to my knowledge. This alarmed my father very much. 'The dumb speaks to me,' said he ; and it convicted him, so that he went and confessed his sins, but in about a month, he was as bad or worse than ever. In all my afflictions and persecutions, I felt a rejoicing within, that I had found a way to escape tho horrors t f a guilty conscience. I felt strong in my faith, and was determined to maintain it, even to the sacrifice of my life. I went to meeting every Sabbath, on foot, to Joseph Bennett's, which was four and a half miles across the fields, the way I generally went. By this means I gained strength of soul, and was more and more confirmed in my faith and understanding. I lived with my parents about two years and a half after I embraced the gospel ; they then moved into Connecticut. I was nearly twenty years of age, and had my freedom and enjoyed my faith undisturbed. My mother had faith, and would gladly have enjoyed a privilege with Believers ; but could not on account of my father's opposition. In all the opportunities and privileges I have had with Mother Ann and the Elders, I never saw the least imperfection in them. They taught me to live a life of purity and godliness, and I always found an example of it in them. They were an upright and godly people in all things. Mother Ann's spirit was a strong advocate for temperance of every kind, and her testimony was a powerful and swift witness against every deviation. I certainly know, by the evidence of divine truth in my own soul, that she was chosen and anointed of God, and that the spirit of Christ was revealed through her ministration. I have lived in obedience to her testimony nearly forty-four years, and have always found that it does save me from all sin. I feel thankful that I am now able to bear witness to the purity of that gospel which I received through her ministration, and m which I have found peace and solid rest. I feel myself to be the eeed of a fre woman, and au heir to the promised inheritance. I have a spiritual relation of Elders, Brethren and Sisters, who are dearer to me than any of my natural kindred ever were. In these I can confide, and with these I can unite and partake of the true bread of life, and drink of the pure waters of life, and enjoy, in heavenly harmony, one Lord one faith and one baptism. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.