CHRISTIAN COMMUNISM. NO. 1. [TAKEN PROM THE CINCINNATI POST.] How the Shaker Society was founded in Ohio. Great times on the banks of Turtle Creek. Armed Mobs, Calumnies and bitter Persecution. The Shakers have the open secret of a happy and worthy life. The wintry day of March 22, 1805, was well progressed when three men, clad in strange garb and tramping one after the other through the snow in Indian file, emerged from the great forest which then covered the divide between the Big and Little Miamis into Malcham Worley's stumpy clearing, near Turtle creek, about four miles from the present town of Lebanon, Warren Co., 0. They advanced to the door of Worley's double log cabin and knocked. With true Western hospitality they were invited in and given seats before the fire which glowed and blazed in the great fireplace. They introduced themselves as John Meacham, Benjamin Youngs and Issacher Bates. Briefly and in simple language they told how they had come a thousand miles, THROUGH THE WILDERNESS from Mt. Lebanon, in the eastern part of N. Y. State, near the point where the three States of N. Y., Mass, and Conn. meet. They told of their march in the dead of winter through leagues of unbroken forests, how they had crossed the Hudson, the Delaware, the Susquehanna, the Chenango, the Chemung, the Allegheny, the Mahoning, the Tuscarawas, the Muskingum and the Scioto as they pushed westward. 'We have heard at Mt. Lebanon of the great revival of religion you have had in Ky. and heie in Southern Ohio, ' said they, 'and we are now on our way to Kentucky to tell them of the happy mode kof primitive Christian life we have found at Mt. Lebanon, and to ascertain whether there be not some among the converts of your great revival who want to embrace what we are constrained to believe the better part.' Eeligion at that time was the great theme of the settlement on Turtle creek; anybody who had anything new and useful to tell on the absorbing subject was a welcome guest. In answer to eager questions, the three strange brethren told how they lived at Mt. Lebanon. SECRET OF A HAPPY LIFE. 'None of us count anything our own, but we have all things in common. We have no rich man, who comes in and is told to sit here in a good place, and no poor man, who is told to stand aside there, out of the way. We all ' work, laboring with our own hands, ' that we may 'provide things honest in the sight of all men,' for, says St. Paul, 'if any man will not work, neither let him eat.' We are none of us perfect, but we ' confess our sins one to another,' because the promise is to him who ' confesseth and forsaketh sin.' We all live as brothers and sisters, and not as husbands and wives, patterning in this, as in all other respects, after the Lord Jesus Christ, our 'Elder Brother,' with whom, in spirit, we walk from day to day; and, according to the promise, He and His Father come in unto us and sup with us. We seek and enjoy the blessing promised to the poor in spirit, to the meek, to the pure in heart, to the peace-makers, to those who hunger and thirst after righteousness, and to those who are reviled for Jesus' sake.' ' And who taught you all this and first started you in this mode of life?' was the interested query of the Worlt ys. ' We find it all in the New Testament, which is our sure word of testimony, and having which we neither desire nor need any written creed. The first one to point out to us how plainly this 'better part' is taught in the New Testament, and to start us in this mode of life, was that holy and inspired woman of God, Mother Ann Lee, who spent her whole time in nothing else except to preach this gospel of the New Testament, and to exhort all persons whom she met to forsake their sins and turn to God, who will have mercy, and to our God, for He will abundantly pardon. She traveled all over Eastern New York, Mass, and Conn., teaching, exhorting and preaching this gospel of the kingdom, and gathering societies in different places. Her word was ' with demonstration of the spirit and with power from on high.'' A SENSATION ON TURTLE CREEK This was wonderful new light to the Wor- leys, who were inclined gladly to receive it, but first they wanted to know what their pastor, Rev. Richard McNemar, thought of it, and he was brought to the Worley cabin in the evening to hear and see the strangers and to discuss the subject with them. For this Rev. Richard McNemar, pastor of the Turtle creek Presbyterian church, was a mighty man in the Scriptures. He could read the Old Testament in the Hebrew and the New Testament in Greek, and was equally at home in the Septuagint and Vulgate translations. He was a ' son of thunder.' Mr. Worley himself was a ' man of liberal education, independent fortune and unblemished reputation,' one of the pillars of the Turtle creek Presbyterian church. In front of the roaring log fire in the big fire-place that wintry evening of March 22, 1805, were seated Mr. and Mrs. Worley and their numerous children, the three strangers in their queer garb, Rev. Mr. McNemar and possibly some of the neighbors. Tall, gaunt and of thoughtful countenance, Mr. McNemar turned his piercing eyes from one to another of the strangers as they told again the story of their New Testament life. 'But you must certainly recognize the fact that God who ' hath set the earth in families ' would not have the human race to cease, as it certainly would if all should adopt celibacy.' ' Yea.' ' And even in the church, if its members should join themselves to communities lik^ yours, the children of the church would cease, and what then would become of the promises of God, which are to us and to our children? Would you have us make of none effect these promises? ' BETTER MARRY THAN BURN. ' Nay. ' He that is able to receive it, let him receive it.' All are not able, and it is better to marry than to burn.' Nevertheless ' the kingdom ot heaven still sufFereth violence and the violent take it by force.' ' Now and then Mrs. Worley rose during this discussion and snuffed the guttering 'tallow dips ' and poked the wick out wide so that the flame would be larger, and Mr. Worley heaped the wood on the big fire. 'But surely fatherhood and motherhood are essential elements of the perfect human character. It is by our fatherhood that we apprehend and appreciate the fatherhood of God, and the New Testament is full of injunctions regarding marriage, and the reciprocal duties of husbands and wives and parents and children. One of the Ten Commandments relates to the duties of children to their parents.' After this manner Rev. Mr. McNemar argued. ' Yea: but we do not hold that all should lead a celibate life. We maintain that it is the best way to live, if one is able, and that ' the time is come when they that have wives should be as they that have them not.' But we concede that all are not called thereto, nor are all able therefore.' THE JERKS. With such discourse the evening wore away and Mr. McNemar, before they separated for the night, told the strangers of the great work of God in Kentucky in 1801, in which he had a part, being at that time preaching in Kentucky. He told how scores and hundreds had fallen like dead men under the power of the Word and of the strange phenomenon of 'the jerks.' ' You never saw this manifestation of the spirit which we call the jerks?' queried Mr. McNemar. ' Nay.' ' Well, there is nothing in nature could better represent this strange and unaccountable operation than for one to goad another alternately on every side with a piece of hot iron The exercise commonly began in the head, which would fly backward and forward and from side to side with a quick jolt, which the person would naturally labor to suppress, but in vain; and the more any one labored to steady himself and be sober, the more he staggered, and the more his twitches increased. He must necessarily go as he was inclined, whether with a violent dash to the ground and bounce from place to place like a football, or hop round with head, limbs and trunk twitching and jolting in every direction as if they must invariably fall asunder. And how such could escape without injury was no small wonder among spectators. 'By this strange operation the human frame was commonly so transformed and dis- figured as to lose every trace of its natural appearance. Sometimes the face would be twitched right and left to a half round with such velocity that not a feature could be discovered, and the face appeared as much behind as before ; and in the quick progressive jerking it would seem as if the person were transformed into some other species of creature. Head dresses were of little account among the female jerks. Even handkerchiefs, bound tight around the head would be flirted off almost with the first twitch, and the hair put into the utmost confusion. This was a very great inconvenience, and the generality of the women therefore were shorn, though contrary to their confession of faith. Such as were seized with the jerks were wrested, not only from under their own government, but that of everyone else, so that it was dansrerous to attempt confining them or touching them in any manner. But whatever danger they were exposed to, yet few were hurt, except it were such as rebelled against the operation through self-will and deliberate enmity, and refused to comply with the injunctions it had come to enforce.' [The above is taken from McNemar's writings. Peter Cartright, the famous Methodist pioneer preacher, says of the 'jerks : ' 'I have seen more than 500 persons jerking at once in my large congregations. To see these proud, well-dressed gentlemen and ladies take the jerks would often make me laugh. The first jerk or so, you would see their fine bonnets, caps and combs fly, and so sudden would be the jerking that their long, loose hair would crack almost as loud as a wagoner's whip.'] NEW CONVEBTS. The outcome of the evening's discussion was that Malcham Worley and his wife were convinced of the desirability of the Shaker mode of life, and they decided to be the first to embrace it and to found on Turtle creek a society the counterpart of that at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Before Richard McNemar returned to his own home that evening he had invited the three Shaker brethren to preach in Turtle creek Presbyterian church the following Sunday, and they had consented. Great was the interest throughout all that region when the appointment was noised abroad. Ordinarily Eev. Mr. McNemar had overflowing congregations, so that in summer adjournment to the adjoining grove had to be resorted to to accommodate the throngs, and on Sunday evenings in winter log fires were built about the church to warm those who could not get inside the church for the crowd. When Sunday came the congregations both morning and evening were phenomenal and many were convinced of the beauty of the simple and primitive, loving, Christ-like life preached by the Shakers. In the next few weeks a dozen families embraced the new mode of life and among them was that of Mr. McNemar, who himself had become an ardent and influential convert. THE SOCIETY ORGANIZES. May 25, 1805, nine weeks after the arrival of the brethren from Mt. Lebanon, they organized the society of Union Village on the banks of Turtle creek. In July of that year other Shakers came out from Mt. Lebanon, and in the following year several others. In three years the number of persons in the society had increased to 150. Many of the converts were land owners and men of high standing in the community. Naturally the new movement awakened a very strong opposition from those who remained 'out in the world.' Great bitterness was felt by relatives and prospective heirs of those who joined the society and took with them their earthly possessions, which they consecrated forever to the common use of the society. Among the fiercest denouncers and persecutors of the community and its members were those who called themselves Christians, and who were known to the outside world as 'NewLights.' GO TO KEEPING HOUSE. On June 6 of the following year, 1806, the society removed from Malcham Worley's to its own house called 'South House.' In September of that year a blacksmith shop was put up, and the next month the foundations of a frame house were laid. Two years later the society built its first sawmill, and on Jan. 8 of the following year, 1809, the society held its first services in the first meeting-house built by it. Meantime persecution and calumny had steadily increased. There were many fears of an Indian uprising against the white settlers. These constant anxieties on this account were not finally dispelled till the signal victory of Gen. (afterward President) Harrison over the Indians at the battle of Tippecanoe, on Tippecanoe river, Indiana, in 1811. The Shakers have always made it a part of their religion to hospitably entertain all who sought their hospitality. Hence, when half starved bands of Indians camped in their vicinity, and asked of them food, they gave it to them without money and without price, that they might 'be the children of their Father in Heaven; for He maketh His sun to shine on the evil and on the good, and sendeth His rain on the just and on the unjust.' This Christian kindness of the Shakers to the Indians was misinterpreted by the white settlers of the two Miami valleys, and the story soon gained circulation and wide credence that the Shakers and the Indians were in league to rise and massacre all the settlers in the two valleys and possess their lands. READY-MADE LIES The human mind is ever ready to conjecture ill where none exists, and 'many men living in the vicinity of Union Village believed that the leaders of the new sect were designing imposters, living in secret sins of the darkest dye,' and these neighbors of the simple-mannered and kindly community were ready to wage a war of extermination against it, and drive it from the land. ' Reports were also circulated of their keeping women and children with them against their consent, and holding them by force in bondage from which they were seeking to escape.' These false accusations finally resulted, Aug. 27, 1810, in the raising of an armed mob of nearly 500 men led by a Presbyterian minister named Matthew G. Wallace, which marched against the village with the avowed purpose of releasing all the women and children confined there and of driving the members of the community from the country. News of the gathering of the mob reached Lebanon in advance of the arrival of the shouting rioters at the Shaker village, and a number of cool-headed, law-abiding citizens hastened over to the community, four miles away, to help preserve the peace. Francis Dunlavy, presiding Judge of the Court of Common Pleas, then in session, adjourned court, and on a fleet horse rode over to Union Village, arriving there in time to read the Riot act to the angry and blustering mob. 'Joshua Corbett, Matthias Corwin, sr., and a number of intelligent men did all in their power to protect the Shakers from violence.' ARMED FORCE VS. CHRISTIAN MEEKNESS. Here was the first great public test of the peace principles of the new, little community. Arrayed against the little band of about 200 unarmed and unresisting men, women and children, was a company of twice as many men armed with guns, pistols, swords, pikes and all conceivable weapons. Before the raging, hooting mob, 'breathing out threatenings and slaughter,' stood the few men of the society speaking words of peace and soberness. When some sort of quiet had been gained Rev. Mr. Wallace, with eleven others, advanced and in the name ot the mob demanded that the community should relinquish its principles, property, mode of worship and manner of living, or quit the country. ' The answer of the elders of the community was mild and calm, but plain and positive. It was in substance that they esteemed their faith dearer than their lives, and were determined to maintain it whatever might be the consequences. As to quitting the country, they were upon their own land which they had purchased with their own money, and that they were entitled to those liberties which were granted by the laws of their country, including liberty of conscience.' THE PREMISES SEARCHED. 'As to false and lying reports that any are detained here against their will,' continued the spokesman for the community, 'or that any children are harshly or cruelly treated by us in any particular, our buildings and premises are opened to you. Send a committee of your own selection through them. Freely question any you meet and satisfy yourselves that we are a quiet, orderly people trying to serve God in the manner He has prescribed in His word.' A committee was appointed by the mob and a thorough search of the premises was made. On my visit to Union Village last week, I met bright, vivacious old ladies, considerably past eighty years of age, who told me of their recollections of that search, and of their timorous wonder when the committee called them and questioned them of their treatment an i of their wish, whether to go away from the community or to stay there. The committee on its return to the mob was compelled to report that it found everything orderly and attractive, and that everbody, from the little tottlers playing in the yard to the oldest man and woman in the community, was to all appearance, as well as by his own confession, contented, well-cared for and happy. The mob thereupon went away in great confusion of mind, firing its guns in the air and making a great show of bravado to show its chagrin and shamefacedness. The result was a great accession to the numbers of the little community. In 1813 and 1817, and at other times previous to 1820, smaller mobs visited the community, but did no harm beyond breaking the front door down on one occasion. GREAT PROSPERITY On Jan. 14, 1812, the first ministry was constituted and the church covenant signed. There were 370 members in the community at that time. A carding-house was built in 1813, a gristmill in 1815 and an oilmill in 1816. In the diary of the society appears this quaint record : ' 1819 ; The Sheriff takes a horse and yoke of oxen for muster fines. Nathan Sharp, finding the animals in Lebanon, turns v;hem loose and they return home.' In 1829 the society reached its highest point in respect of numbers, having 304 'covenant members' and 500 persons in the community all told. Two years later there was the largest defection from the membership of any year of its history. It was at this time, and for a few years afterward, that much property of the society was destroyed by incendiary fires. On Mar. 25 of that year the society's flax barn was burned. Two weeks later the West sawmill was set on fire, but the flames were put out. On June 9, 1835, Turtle creek rose with the greatest flood of its history. Three mills and the clothier's shop were swept away, and the oilmill and gristmill were much damaged, so that it took $10,000 to repair the losses. Nathan Sharp, 'leading man of the society,' also left it that year. On the whole, it was a disastrous year. There were only 330 members. In 1839 Rev. Richard McNemar died. In 1852-54 the society began the importation of registered Short-horn (Durham) stock, and made a good deal of money by raising and selling this stocK. The society yet breeds the Durham cattle. In 1860 the members numbered 364. Since that time the numbers have steadily decreased by death, till now there are only about 125 members, all told. To-morrow I hope to tell of the habits and practices of the society, and of the incidents of my very pleasant stay there. Theo. Kaiandri.