But I have a baptism to be... AGNES E. NEWTON. ' But I have a baptism to be baptized with; and how am I straitened untilit be accomplished.' These are the words of Him upon whose soul rested the mission of the Christ-life. Possessed of human loves, appetites and ambitions to a degree that rendered him susceptible to all of the temptations that beset the human heart, yet never swerving trom the path of duty ; the will of his Heavenly Father the guide of his life. After having received the baptism of the Holy Spirit, at the Jordan, when the Heavens were opened and God's blessing descended upon Him, and the voice was heard declwiug Him to be the beloved son in whom the Father was well pleased, came the soul trial and testing which proved Him to be the Christ- -the anointed of G-ol. In the wilderness of trial and upon the mountain of temptation, we interpret to be a state of the mind, where all the Kingdoms and glories of this world were alluringly placed before Him. Obedience to his sacred mission manifested itself in the soul meaning expression, ' Get thee hence, Satan ; for it is written thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and Him only shalt thou serve. ' How complete the triumph, when the powers of evil surrendered and angels came and ministered unto Him. Can the followers of Christ do less than did their Lord and Master and expect to reign with Him in the Kingdom of God? 'Except a man forsake not all that he hath he cannot be my disciple;' are words sufficiently plain for a mind of ordinary capacity fully to comprehend. Our Savior himself declared that all men could not receive his saying. They were more directly to those for whose benefit they were especially given. We would infer from this that He referred to the spiritually enlightened class, those who had felt the drawings of the Father and were willing for the Kingdom of Heaven's sake to forsake all; and thus inherit the beautiful promise given to Peter, when he said to the Savior, 'Lo, we have left all and followed thee. ' Jesus said unto him, ' Verily I say unto you, There is no man that hath left house, or parents, or brethren, or wife, or children, for the Kingdom of God's sake, who shall not receive manifold more in this present time and in the world to come everlasting life.' The followers of Christ must indeed drink of the same cup and be baptized with the same baptism as was the pattern ; and how straitened, careful and prayerful they should be until the perfect work of Grace be fully consummated. Canterbury, N. H.