'LIBERTY ENLIGHTENING THE WORLD.' ANNIE R. STEVENS. Goddess of Liberty! enlightening the nations, Pedestaled lefty on freedom's broad shore, Rising majestic from thy once lowly station, Telling of victories for truth evermore. Goddess of Liberty! thy triumph is glorious, Long by oppression and wrong trodden down, Thou hast risen at last in thy strength victorious; Unveil forever the gems of thy crown. Hold forth in the darkness thy torch-light unshaken, A beacon to ships that come in from sea, Hailing the wanderer, the poor, the forsaken, To this ' home of Ihe brave- -land of the free.' The dark rolling waves of the billowy ocean, May dash on the shore, or break on thee now, Not the ebony night, nor storm cloud's commotion, Can ever bedim thy star-lighted brow. O glorious symbol! the good of all ages Rolls up with time's waves like pearls on the shore, And the freedom obtained by martyrs and sages, Forever is ours to praise and adore. But a voice ringeth out with thrilling e'motion, Its echoes float over the land and sea, As we gaze on earth's wrongs, its constant commotion 'Tis humanity calling, ' are we free? ' Monopoly rules as with a girdle of iron, The weak are depressed by the rich and the strong, Crime, poverty, sin, walk abroad like a lion; Our souls cry aloud, there's still something wrong. We pray for God's kingdom a blessed elysium, When Love's royal scepter shall sway; but when? O, Liberty! dwell not alone in our vision; But come make thy home in the hearts of men. Adown through the aisles of time's moss-covered ages, Our minds revert to thy struggle for life; And read the dark deeds writ on history's pages, Thy patience and trials, thy conquests and strife. Manacled- -fettered by despotic oppression, For centuries held like a slave in chains; Hopeless and helpless, bereft of compassion, Dying for light and God's truth that sustains. Many have fought for thee, Goddess of Liberty, Prayed that thy day-star might rise ne'er to wane, Suffered and sorrowed and lived for thee, died for thee And won by the rack a true martyr's fame. It is ours to labor with purpose unshaken, To conquer as they with banners unfurled, To lift up the lowly, the poor, the forsaken, And bring lasting peace to a sin-bound world. Tight on, brave of heart, though ye die in the trial, Redemption's great work is only begun; We may conquer sin's hosts by stern self-denial, We must finish the labor left undone. What a hope is ours, like a sun bursting o'er us, The dawn of a golden era is near; The deeds of great souls like a cloud goes before us, Why heed the foam-crested billows of fear. 'Tis God that is with us in deeds of devotion, 'Tis God that sustains through the night of fears; He sends forth his heralds to calm earth's commotion, He sends forth his truth to gild the dark years. We'll faint not nor doubt, but have hope for our guidThat helpeth our eyes the future to see; | ing, We know that the spirit of truth is abiding, Its voice rolleth up like waves of the sea. Stand in thy majesty, Statue of Liberty I A structure sublime of man s grandest art, A symbol to all of the God-given victory, Thou ever wilt bring to each struggling heart. Oh! hold forth thy torch, let the whole world be lightAnd freedom's true reign of triumph begin, [ed, Till the old is made new, each wrong thing is righted, May the stars of thy coronal ue'er grow dim. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.