TRUE AND FAITHFUL. ELIZAETTE SUTTON. As 1 was passing from one building to another the other day, some one said to me 'true and faithful.' My heart bounded with joy. 1 thought, if this is applied to me, what more could I wish at the termination of my life's journey, than that these two words might be spoken to me in the fulness of their meaning ; that the merits of my character might be summed up in this simple language. For a moment I doubted whether I had ever convinced any one, by actual works of this ; or that intelligences above could justly award me this high encomium. Then I listened to my thoughts awhile, and drew therefrom this information. We are true, if we conform to the pattern given us, we are faithful if allegiance to it is unreserved. In works of art we use our natural senses. The eye is the close observer of the object to be copied, and the more we bring this into requisition the more exact will be our copy. We look at our design with intensified feelings, and the hand seems to be imbued with the soul of sight, and works it out. We turn, and gaze upon it, and then pronounce it a true duplicate. The eye was not all that was needed, the purpose entered the heart, and found a resting place, the seat of emotion and study. The astronomer goes to his telescope, watches the heavenly bodies ia their motion, and can discern their movements, positions, heights, and developments, through that instrument. With what avidity he studies their laws, and buries the science in his bosom, as a part and parcel of himself. His true nature in this, is a power in his being, a magnet joining him to his subject, and he be comes the avenue of intellectual history throughout the world. The scholar in Natural History, absorbs himself in the theme he has adopted, and nothing deters him from a full accomplishment of it. What if the knowledge that has been hidden in the iield of nature, embodied in the ocean, in the mountain, the earth under our feet, and in the world of living matter, wrought out with zest by the truest part of humanity, is cultivating, educating men and women for another and higher degree of information, belonging to their present and future'- -welfare and development ? The beam of light from Bartholdi's Statue of Liberty renews the question,- - Will the souvenir of France, which surpasses all preceding luminaries of the world, and which is calling people from far off countries to witness its splendor, and its electric flashes that are flooding the land; startle them into deeper thoughts, with a broad base of the Infinite worker? If the scientist is not a religionist nominally, he may be a trusty servant, to direct mankind into such paths, as will lead them to the Author of all truth. The effect of his studies may be like the leaven, which the woman hid in three measures of meal; though out of sight, the process of fermentation is effectual but gradual. True to its nature and office it leavens the whole ma3S for a wise purpose. What if the issue of his knowledge to man, blends the earth and the heavens together ? Why, symmetrical lives will adorn our homes and country, and the palm of success and triumph will lie on the threshold of our mortal habitations. If all that is true in two spheres, will rest and abide with us, will not the happiness we long for be ours? We seek, and we wish to fiud. If we are faithful to pursue specified plans, can our conditions be better in this, or in a future life? Our pattern, Jesus, must be studied, and through faithfulness to imitate him, will the duplicate be made perfect. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.