AMENDED TRANSLATIONS. ALONZO G. HOLLISTER. Luke, ii., 14. The song of the heavenly hosts at the birth of Jesus, literally translated, reads ' Glory in the highest to God, and on earth peace, in men good-will.' Good-will in men leads to all proper conduct as soon as the mind is instructed aright, and the true knowledge instead of being opposed and rejected, is industriously sought as the greatest treasure, and immediately applied to practice, at whatever cost of self-sacrifice, or of self-denial. But this good-will in men, if allowed, would contradict the total depravity doctrine of the time in which the Scriptures were translated, the effect of which is not yet altogether annulled. Therefore we have in different versions, in place of the Greek preposition (en) in, the prepositions to, towards, and among men. Good-will to be among men must of necessity be in them, as the motive power of their actions, for it cannot be outside of them. Probably no one will dispute that so far as God and His messengers are concerned, there has always been good-will to and towards men, although there has been aa immense amount of ill-will and depravity in men, and the latter has been the cause of all the wars and woes that have cursed their generations since men have been upon the earth. The song of the Angels heralded a change to be effected by substituting good-will, or a good cause, inside of men, in place of the ill which has caused all the mischief. This good-will was to execute the law of God according to a new covenant, placed in the inward parts of understanding, and written in the heart, the core and center of man's love, and spring of all his actions. Gal. v., 16. But I say, Walk in the spirit, and perform not the desire of the flesh. For the flesh desires against the spirit, and the spirit against the flesh ; these are opposed to each other, so that the things ye wish uot, the- -e should ye do. Thus the conflict is carried out in the cross to be borne against the inferior desires of the flesh, by performing those higher things of the understanding which are opposed to carnal desire, and in which, the carnal mind takes no pleasure nor stock. The old translation besides being false to the original, is false in fact, because it teaches that the will of a Christian is not free, and that he is not able to serve God by doing right, even when he has the desire. 'They who are of Christ, have crucified the flesh with its affections and lusts.' Here the idea of the original is preserved. 1 Cor. xiv., 34. Let your wives be silent in the congregations, for it has not been committed (or entrusted) to them to speak, but to be in subjection as even the law says. But if th?y will learn anything let them ask in a house of their own husbands. For it is a shame for wives to speak in a congregation. In the N. T. Greek, the word for woman and wife is the same, and is translated wife above eighty times. By the context only, can we determine whether wife or woman expresses the thought of the writer. In this place, there can be no doubt, for any novice knows that every woman who owns a hus'i'aud is a wife. But why this discrimination against wives? Because Christianity pure and simple, is not sentiment merely, but a life which either rules in the will of man or woman, as the case may be, or is excluded by its opposite, the carnal life of the world. Hence as marriage is of the world, and a provision for its orderly continuance, a forsaking of the wife relation by all who were married was an indispensible condition to their becoming Christian disciples. See Luke, xiv., 26 and 33. Matt, xix., 27 and other places. This is too evident to be disputed by any unbiased student of the Gospels, and the Epistles of Paul. Reuan and other ratio alists free from modern orthodoxy readily admit it. Hence a wife, whose first and strongest love bound her to a mortal husband, was not free to give her first love to Christ, nor her whole heart to God, as the Apostle testifies in 1 Cor. vii., and therefore could not in any case be a suitable proclaimer of that kingdom of God from whence all carnal ties are excluded. A husband also, whose strongest attachment is to a wife ; and is unwilling to forsake that relation and treat her as a sister, for Christ's sake, is subject to the same disability; for how can one communicate that which he does not possess ? In the Gentile churches, planted by Paul, these converts to a belief which discarded only the sius and immoralities of the married life, were held in union as hearers, and formed a kind of outer court to the Christian temple,- -an intermediate class which shielded the genuine disciples in a measure from their less enlightened neighbors. They did not form the worshippers writhia the temple, which John was directed to measure, but were the precursors of the Roman and Greek churches of the preseut day. Rev. xi. Paul to Timothy, says, Receive not a widow into the number, of less than sixty years of age. * * Younger widows refuse, for when they have begun to wax wanton against Christ, they will marry, having condemnation, because they have cast off their first faith. Their first faith then, must have been not to marry, but to follow the example of Jesus, John and Paul. Wives were commanded to be in subjection to their husbands, to preserve order in that class of society to which they chose to belong. And unmarried women were required to have their heads covered when praying or prophesying in the congregation, out of respect to the customs of a country where a veil on a woman appearing in public, is both a badge of honorable distinction, and a protection from insult, to this day. (See Thompson's Land and Book.) The primary reason assigned by the Apostle for the restriction laid upon wives, was that they had not been permitted or authorized to teach in the congregation, and he adds by way of emphasis, 'For did the word of God go out from you, or only.to you did it come?' All of which indicates that they were yet in a state of vassalage to the powers of nature and the elements of the world. The time for their complete liberation had not come. They had not grown up to it. The typical and perfect woman who was herself the revealed Word, had not yet appeared to lead them out of bondage. But now the conditions have changed, for the Word not only came to, but went out from the woman (Ana Lee) who had been a wife, but whose own arm wrought emancipation and salvation through the power of God that was given her, for herself and her sex, and for as many of both sexes as shall receive her message. And women in this part of the we rid, are making it evident they have grown to it. For now has come to pass the saying 'The Lord hath created a new thing in the earth ; woman shall compass maxi, ' in both parts of his manhood; for so does the new woman compass man in his fallen and distracted state, and surround him with wisdom and knowledge to rise out of it if he will, into a pure, redeemed and perfect state from which he cannot fall, because when gained, there will be nothing in him that can be attracted to lower conditions. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.