Books and Papers. The Bird Call Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Elements of English Some of the friends in Philadelphia have sent us a copy of a very pretty little paper. Accept our thanks for the notice. The paperU published by the Audubon Society of Perm., and bears this attractive title, 'This Bird Call.' The preservation of our little musical messengers of peace should become a matter of interest with persons of every age, and we shall wish for the merciful ' Call' a pleasant reception in every home. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health. March. Contents. John Roach; Familiar talks with our Young Folks; Trinidad; Language ; A Wolf Man; A Divided Republic; Shakespeare vs Bacon; Dysentery; Smoking and Heart Disease; Notes in Science, Poetry, etc., etc. Fowler &amp; Wells Co. 753 Broadway, N. Y. $2 a year. Elements of English. An Introduction to English Grammar, for tke use of schools. By George Hodgdon Ricker, A. M. The Interstate Publishing Company, Chicago and Boston. Price 80 cents. The author who ventures into the much-tilled field of text-books on English grammar should be something more than a theorist, or even a grammarian. Since the days of Murray, scores of books have been written for schools, some labelled ' language les sons' and some ' grammar^,' and still the teachers, the pupils, and the parents are not satisfied. There has been a gradual but increasing tendency to cut loose from the so-called technical grammar, and substitute a sort of mixture of everything kindred to it but none at all of the real thing, until recently there has again arisen a call for more of the old English grammar of the former years. So unsatisfactory have been the books and the methods of teaching this subject, that in many places, as in Boston for instance, no book at all has been used for some years. But this extreme course has also proved unsatisfactory, and teachers and committees are on the lookout for a suitable book- -one which shall not be too technical, but- -just technical enough. Who is the author venturesome enough to make it? Who hopes to succeed where so many have failed? Surely no one but a teacher of much experience can hope to do so. An examination of the book shows the author's claim to be correct as to the matter it contains. The most striking feature seems to be its simplicity and yet its fulness. The whole subject is gone over within the compass of a hundred pages, and more than half the space is occupied with exercises of a practical kind, which must prove much more valuable to young children than any amount of theory. It would be rash to say that this little book is just what has been so long wanted, yet really we can see no reason why it should not be a success. It is concise and simple in its definitions. It is dignified yet bright. It omits needless technicalities, yet does not ignore the distinctions and uses of the various parts of speech. As an introduction to English grammar it is sure to command the attention of teachers. Its study must be a delight to any child.