The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker. No. 13. Published expressly for the several Communities of Believers in 1816. Re-written by Henry 0. Blinn. The Believers driven from Harvard, Mass., Aug. 1782, and cruelly abused. As all previous attempts to expel the witnesses^ of truth from the town of Harvard ha^ signally failed, a class of malicious minds that were filled, and intent upon '- -breathing out of threatenings and slaughter,' made renewed and determined attempts, by the aid of mob violence to consummate their wicked design. It was near the close of the harvest season that a large number of Believers from New Lebanon, Hancock and other places had gathered to the Church in Harvard, that they might attend the meetings that would be held in that place. This large body of people in their attendance upon the services of their worship, with a testimony that was like the two edged sword against the sins of the world, and their many manifestations of the gifts of the holy spirit, all conspired to increase the persecuting spirit of those who hated the word of God. Under the cover of this large gathering a lawless class of men found a favorable opportunity for executing their nefarious work. As their especial hatred was against Mother Ann and the Elders, it was a source of great disquietude to find that these leaders were not among the Believers at Harvard. Through the kindness of an overruling Providence, Mother Ann had received a warning that her safety depended on her immediate removal to another section of the state. She had seen, in vision, the gathering of the mob, had seen them marching toward the ' Square House,' and learned that their hearts were as the heart of Cain. Accepting this warning as from God, Mother Ann aud the Elders arranged to leave the town of Harvard for a short season, and accept a home among the Believers in another place. Previous to the time of departure the company assembled to receive the farewell blessing of each other, and to renew the bonds of love and friendship for their spiritual Parents in the church of Christ. All were bowed in prayer. Tears of sorrow and anxious hope were poured out in humble petitions to the Father of mercies, for the protection o*' Mother Ann and the Elders. Among this company were to be found many stout-hearted men ; men that feared no danger, and who never quailed before the face of man. Some of them were battle scarred veterans who had passed through the war of the Revolution and had offered their lives a living sacrifice, that liberty of conscience might be the free gift of the nation. But in this contest, their weapons were not carnal, they could use only the testimony of Jesus Christ, the Peace-maker, and then patiently bear the persecution that was inflicted upon them. At this time however, a blessing was administered to them, as Mother Ann addressed the assembly. 'Brethren and Sisters, be of good cheer, my spirit shall be with you.' There was time for only a few words, and the meeting was closed. The Elders hurriedly mounted their horses in preparation for their journey. At this moment a company of Believers arrived from a distant part of the state. The Elders alighted from their horses as the whole company kneeled in prayer, and asked a blessing upon every one who had received the gospel into an honest heart. It was the baptism of the Holy Spirit, and they covenanted anew, in their zealous and simple petitions, that the spirit of truth might guide them in the path of duty and obedience. Soon the last petition was made, the last farewell was said and the Elders hurriedly remounted their horses, and were soon away on the road, with the hope of reaching the residence of Abel Jewett in the town of Littleton. It was near the close of the day when Br. Abel, welcomed the messengers of God. In the morning they continued their journey till they reached the home of Nathan Kendall in Woburn. Here they felt a peaceful rest, and the assurance that they had escaped the cruel rage of their wicked persecutors. After the departure of the Elders, the Believers at the Dwelling in Harvard, returned to their several duties about the farm and the house. It was a time of sadness, of gloomy forebodings. Their property and their lives were in danger, if a company of lawless characters should enter their possessions. The Believers crave their thoughts to prayer, as they asked that the spirit of peace might abound. On the Sabbath, public worship was held at the Square House. A large body of Believers were present from Harvard and the adjoining towns, and several from other states. The spirit of God was manifested in the assembly, as they gave their souls in earnest prayer and spoke and sung and shouted as they were led by the divine light, that had separated them from the children of this world. The influence of the gift of God was not wholly confined to those who had professed faith in the testimony of Mother Ann, but many who were strangers to the family shared in the blessings of the meeting, and as the Believers kneeled in prayer the spectators united with them. This season of spiritual service gave joy to the faithful seeker after righteousness, as their songs of praise and their shouts of victory, ascended to Him who could read the aspiration of each heart. The meeting continued most of the day and evening with short intermissions. After its dismissal, those living in the vicinity, returned to their homes, while many of the Believers accommodated invited guests. While these disciples of our Lord were engaged iu their religious service, and proclaiming the testimony of the sharp sword, against the sins of the world, the enemies of the cross of Christ were busily employed in collecting their forces for au anticipated assault upou the Brethren and Sisters.f. At an early hour on the morning of the 19th. of Aug., the mob began to assemble near the 'Square House,' while several were already within the boiriudaries of the yard. An pged brother having occasion to open the door, several persons pushed their way into the house and conducted themselves very rudely. They assumed the right to make a search, and passed from room to room, threatening violence to any one who opposed their progress. They were disappointed, and vexed as they had failed to find the object of their search. They roughly demanded that the Elders should come forward and give themselves up to the officers of their party. Lucy Wright, a young sister, stood fearless before them, and endeavored, by kind and geutle words, to calm their ferocious spirits, informing them that Mother Ann and the Elders were not in the house. Her words to them were idle tales, and they refused to listen. They even threatened her with violence unless she remained quiet. From this interview the Believers understood quite well the object of the search, and Lucy immediately planned to escape from the f It was subsequently learned that the mob had designed to keep their plans a secret from the Believers, but signally failed, as has already been shown. place. She informed Mary Partington of the case and then taking some milk pails, they passed safely through the mob on their way to the barn, ostensibly for the purpose of obtaining some milk. Safely within the barn, the pails were carefully laid aside, and the two sisters took their flight across the fields to the residence of Solomon Cooper. Messages were immediately dispatched to the several families of Believers, with all needed information, and many of them Avere soon upon the scene of action. The mob had gathered in front of the Square House, armed with whips, canes and cudgels, aud were evidently bent on mischief. Up to this time no violence of magnitude had been committed and the Brethren and Sisters as they arrived from their homes, were allowed to pass into the house without molestation. The mob was estimated to number about four hundred, and in this unchristian and lawless crowd, were ' ministers aud deacons and men honorable (?) in Society. ' Elder John Hocknell, who had the management of the place, directed the Believers to assemble in one of the large rooms, aud unite in prayer to God for protection and for wisdom to guide them in the path of their duty, in this hour of their great affliction. So soon as the mob discovered the position that the Believers had taken, they burst open the doors and roughly seizing the Brethren aud Sisters, by their garments or by the hair of the head, inhumanly dragged them from the house and delivered them into the custody of the party who remained in front of the building. Resistance was of but little use, and the proceedings were very much as one might expect from a persecuting licentious class. While engaged in this transaction, they seemed to be divested of the feelings of our common humanity. The Believers were overpowered, and in some things must submit to this mob rule. Orders were now given, by these disciples of Torquemada, for all who lived in the vicinity, to return to their own homes, while those from distant parts of the state, should leave the town at an hour, which they would designate. This order was accompanied by a severe threat, in case any of those from a distance should again be seen in the town of ilarvard.