CHRISTIAN COMMUNISM. NO. 2. TAKEN FROM THE CINCINNATI POST. A Shaker Interior strikingly pictured. Everything moves with the cheerful punctuality of an Old Fashioned Cloclc. It was just before noon of a blustering day last week that our sociable little train on the Cincinnati, Lebanon and Northern narrow gauge ambled into Lebanon and we scattered. I sought the comfortable fire of the hotel and the additional comfort of a hot dinner, both unusually comforting to me that day, because in my rush to catch the train in Cincinnati I had neglected to change my frock coat for my 'reefer. ' 'How far to the Shakers'?' 'Four miles. The 'bus leaves here about 2. 80. That will take you over. It goes right by there.' 'No. I'll walk. ' From Lebanon it is up hill to the ridge on which ' Union Village, ' as the Shaker settlement is called, is located. The first mile was a pretty cold walk in the face of a raw wind, and I did not by any means despise the philosophy of a youngster by the roadside who had dropped down almost out of sight in a post hole his red-faced, overcoated and mittened father had just dug. But a mile's sharp walking and a run or two up hill turned a good blast into my internal furnace and made me 'warm as toast, ' and ' red as a boiled lobster. ' WINTER SCENERY. The road passes through some beautiful woods of those deciduous species and varieties for which the Ohio valley is famous. All were bare save the birches, whose skirts were still brown with persistent foliage, though their ambitious tops were bare. They stood like Amazons bared to the waist to contend with old Boreas. I noticed a good deal of 'down timber' in the woods, going to waste, there being little demand for it in these days of cheap coal. A couple of miles out from Lebanon I met a Shaker brother and two sisters clad in their plain woolen clothes and riding contentedly to town in a carry-all behind an unambitious horse. Two miles further on I turned off onto the Franklin pike, and in a quarter of a mile had passed the big, four-story, substantial building and barns, sheds and shops of one of the Shaker ' families, ' and had come to another fine building on the opposite side of the road, which building is called ' The Office. ' This is a large three-story frame, built 70 years ago, of oak and black walnut, and still as stanch and strong as when first erected. It is painted an unobtrusive slate color. Across from it is the big, plain, two-story white frame church, its lower windows closed by broad shutters. Its gable ends look up and down the pike, which makes one - -of its sides front the pike. In the side, thus made a front are two doors. 'The Ministry ' of two Elders and two Eldresses live in a building back of the church. Steepleless and shuttered, I took the church for a very neat and commodious storehouse. Beyond 'the office'' is the very fine pressed-brick, slate-roofed new building of the ' Church Family, ' built, says a block inset near the roof, in 1844. To me, coming from the sooty houses and buildings of Cincinnati, it looked as if it had been built a year or two. Across the street are the 'old building' of the ' Chuich family, ' the steam laundry, the corn-drying house, the blacksmith shop, the infirmary, and several other buildings. Entering the front hall of 'the office' through the wide and very heavy black walnut front door, whose rubber weatherstrip drew a long and noisy breath as it swe-e-e-pt along the polished hard-wood floor, I found no one there. The hall was wide, clean as the floor of the sky, and in the middle distance stood a tall wooden pump. An oldfashioned Connecticut wooden clock ticked slowly and sedately against the wall. Strips of ingrain carpet laid neatly on the polished floor invited me onward, and I was advancing down the hall when I met a Shaker sister, who told me that 'Elder Charles' was 'in there,' pointing to a room she had just left, leaving the door open. Entering I Avas cordially received by a white-haired, pleasant-faced old man who was rocking in an old-fashioned straightback rocking chair comfortably cushioned. I took its mate and there we chatted for a few minutes while another Shaker sister in glistening, satiny brown dress and cape busied herself tidying up the room, and wiping dust from the mantel and chest of drawers. In a few minutes 'Elder Charles' (known to the world as Charles C. Clapp) and I adjourned to the postoffice 'not to disturb the sister with our conversation.' The postoffice is a room in the same building and serves the mailing needs of all the families and of some neighbors outside. Elder Charles is nearly eighty, but has the spry step of young manhood. He was a merchant and a Presbyterian way back when this century was in the thirties, and went off in the great Millerite excitement. Upon the collapse of that movement he joined the Shakers and has been with them ever since. He is a sort of spiritual and theological authority in the 'familv.' From him I learned that there are about 18 societies of Shakers in the United States, located in New York, Mass., Conn., Ohio, Ivy., N. H., and Me. These contain over fifty families and about 2000 members. SHAKER GOVERNMENT. Here at Union Village resides a ' ministry ' composed of Matthew B. Carter, Oliver C Hampton, Louisa Farnham and Adeline Wells. These have oversight not only of the Union Village Society, but also one near Harrison, Hamilton county, O., one near Dayton, another near Cleveland and two in the 'Bluegrass region' of Kentucky. Each family is governed by Elders and Eldresses. Those of the first or Church family are Charles C. Clapp, Leopold Goepper, Ellen lloss and Julia O'Connell. Those - -of the North family are Isaac Beals, Amos Babbitt, Matilda Butler, and Sarah Cochran. Those of the West family are Ruth Siebenthal and Wm. Dynes. In addition to the ' Ministry, ' who have spiritual oversight and an advisory power in all temporal matters, and the Elders who lead the family, there are deacons and deaconesses, and 'caretakers,' (overseers or foremen) and an 'agent' who transacts business with the world. All these offices are appointive, and the appointing power is in the 'Ministry.' Four or five Brethren and Sisters reside in 'the office' to care for and conduct it. Sister Emily W. Hampton is in charge. Visitors and hired hands are lodged and boarded in 'the office.' New-comers who want to make experiment of Shaker life with a view to joining, are housed and fed at what is called 'the gathering family, ' on the Lebanon pike. here's pure comfort. While Elder Charles was explaining these things to me, Sister Emily was preparing my room. When conducted to it, I found a very comfortable apartment on the first floor front. A rag carpet laid down in overlapping breadths covered the floor. A brisk wood fire in the close stove sang its low, cheerful monody. In one corner stood the cot bed, roomy and comfort promising, with its fat feather-tick and ample blankets and 'comforts.' Behind the stove was neatly riled a good supply of wood, which so long as I stayed Elder Charles kept well replenished. Near the stove hung the shovel, poker, wisp-broom and dust-pan, to inculcate and facilitate cleanliness and tidiness. Against the wall in another part of the room hung an honest broom, the only kind the Shakers make. A chest of drawers, a wardrobe, a leaf hinged to the wall like a table-leaf to serve as a writing-desk, two plain chairs and a straight-backed, armed, feather-cushioned rocking-chair, which I found to be the acme of comfort, completed the furniture of the room.