A PLEA FOR TEMPERANCE [Contributed by Harriet Shepard.] The chief event which distinguished the Kansas Governor St. John's administration was the passage of the Constitutional Amendment in 1880. As to the beneficial results of that change there is indisputable evidence. An official return of the State prisons for the first nine months of the following year shows that one hundred and fourteen prisoners were sent to the penitentiary, while two hundred and twenty-six, or nearly double the number, were incarcerated during the corresponding period of 1880. Gloomy predictions. During the campaign there were not wanting politicians who urged that prohibition would impoverish the State, and would also prevent immigrants settling there, and especially that German immigrants would never be persuaded to make their homes in a State where lager could not be procured. Governor St. John, (The Hon. John P. St. John, the Prohibition candidate for the Presidency,) in an often quoted speech, thus criticised those predictions in the light of events which have followed the prohibition law. ' Let us see if we are losing business: Take the Santa Fe road for instance, which earned in June, 1881, $438,998 more than it did in June, 1880. Business is increasing everywhere ; our State never was so prosperous ; let us see whether we are losing in dollars and cents or not. I find that in the year 1876 we commenced the biennial system of assessing real property. In 1877 there was no valuation on real property, and consequently the increase was on personal property alone ; it amounted to $364,821,352 ; in 1879 the increase on personal property was $623,146,871, and in 1881 the increase on personal property reached $1,024,361,159. Can't we stand that kind of ruination ? WHERE WE LOSE. 'The population of the penitentiary, December 30, 1880. was 725. July 1, 1881, it was only 659 ; thus it will be seen that in one spot, and one only, are we losing population, and I think we can stand it. We were told that we should get no German immigration. I went down the Santa Fe road not Jong since, and had to ride on the rear platform of the sleeper on a camp-stool, because there was no room in the inside of the train, and when I finally got in the front car I found it full of Germans. I supposed, of course, that they were going to New Mexico or Colorado, where they could get whiskey and beer, but discovered that they were really going to Kansas. ' A gentleman said to a man, who seemed to be acting as interpreter for them. ' Whfere are these people going?' and was informed, ' To Kansas;' 'Why,' said he, 'they can get no beer there.' The interpreter repeated the assertion to one who seemed to be a leader, then turned to the gentleman who addressed him, and said, 'They say they are not going to Kansas for beer ; that they go to secure a home for themselves and families ; that a home gives more true happiness than all the beer manufactured.' I said to myself, they are on the right platform. They are coming to Kansas for a legitimate purpose, and we welcome them with all our hearts. We are having a better class of immigration this year than ever before.' Governor St. John is an effective orator, enviably successful in the principal test of a public speaker- -viz., securing and holding the attention of his audience. He speaks slowly, correctly, and distinctly, showing no hesitancy and using no rhetorical device. There is, therefore, everything in his manner to add to the impressiveness of his subject and of his felicitous style of treating it. He knows the value of illustration to add to the weight of argument, but while his memory is stocked with apt anecdotes, he never tells one for its own sake, or to help him out of a failure in his speech. When delivering an address in the Cooper Union, New York, he related the following incident, which had occurred in connection with his own official duties, and it produced a sensation in the crowded assembly. A heart-broken woman came into my office with a babe in her arms to beg the pardon of her husband, who was under sentence of ten years imprisonment in the penitentiary for homicide. She showed papers recommending the pardon from the judge who tried the man, the prosecuting attorney, and other prominent men. After closely examining the papers, I said, ' If I were to consult my personal feelings, I should gladly let your husband go ; but I am bound by my official duty and that forbids it.' '' The woman fell at my feet in a paroxysm of weeping. ' Then hear me' she cried, till I tell you how he came to be where he is. We were married seven years ago ; we went to a town (mentioning the place,) and there in our little village we were happy. My husband was sober, industrious, and thrifty. By great exertion and self-denial we finally got our home paid for. But in an evil day the State licensed a saloon, and let it plant itself right between my husband's shop and our house. He was prospering so well that he could leave his business in other hands and lose an hour or two without feeling it. He was solicited to enter this saloon, and weakly yielded. Hour after hour he spent there, playing cards. One day lie became embroiled in a drunken quarrel, and, fired by drink, struck a man and killed him. He was tried and sent to the penitentiary for ten years, and I had nothing to live on. Bye and bye the sheriff turned us out of our comfortable home into a rough shanty, neither lathed nor plastered. The cold wind came in through the walls and ceiling. My oldest boy took sick and dkd. Then little Tommy, my next fell sick and died. Now this babe in my arms is sick, and I have nowhere to take it. The State licensed that saloon ; the State murdered my children ; and now in God's name I want you to set my husband free.' I said I would- -and I did.' Innumerable instances are related of men who have been induced by Governor St. John's appeals, in public and in private, to quit drunken habits and lead sober lives. Fully occupied as he necessarily is with official duties, an opportunity to talk to a poor drunkard is one he has never been known to neglect, and there are few Sundays on which lie is not preaching gospel temperance in some city or village in his State. Somewhat above middle height, St. John is a fine specimen of physical manhood ; robust, active, energetic, decisive in all his movements, he gives those with whom he comes in contact the impression of being vigorous in work, prompt in action, and unswerving in purpose ; yet with all his manly qualities, those who have seen him listening to a tale of distress or urgiug a dissipated man to forsake his evil ways, carry away a deeper impression of his delicacy, sympathetic kindness, and sensibility, for which other aspects of his character had not prepared them. It is not surprising that such a character should have aroused the unbounded enthusiasm of those citizens of Kansas whose views are in harmony with his own, or that he should have won a regard more devoted than is usually given to a mere politician. How fervent that affection is, is manifested when the name of St. John is mentioned to a citizen of the State, one of whom, in a letter we received during his Governorship, naively said, '- - We almost worship our Governor. Is it a sin?'- -An abstract from The Christian Herald and Signs of Our Times,