THE MISSION OF ANGELIC LIFE. DANIEL FRASER. Gratification without reference to use, stands athwart the path of those who seek to establish 'the Divine order of human society' in the midst of the confusions and antagonisms of the earth life. In going forth to do that great work of human continuity, there are some leading facts to be kept in view. Gratification without reference to use, leads first, to bodily disease. Second, to social troubles. These carried to a certain extent, create an all pervading atmosphere of selfish unreasonableness. Violations of the laws of health, and of social adjustments, are the factors in the formation of human hells. Bodily disease, hell, and social disturbances, form a oneness. Hell may be defined as an assemblage of human spirits having no common center, seeking gratification to the injury of themselves and others. Each spirit setting itself up to be an independent center of influence- - to be a god. Whether spirits are in or out of the body, the antagonisms of such a life, shows the necessity of a Divine central spirit to gravitate to, revolve around, and to maintain harmony with ; otherwise, each spirit will be a center of discord. Hence the first efforts, in beginning to establish divine life,- -heaven in the hells of earth, or in those of the spirit laud- -will be directed to manifest a center of love and goodwill to all spirits. To preach a gospel of right living and of right doing. And of, not only justice, but beneficence to the poor and oppressed, to heal the broken-hearted, give deliverance to the captive, and comfort to the sorrowing. This class of spirits are the first to be cared for. Those who have broken human hearts, made captives of, and abused their fellows, can only be released by, and through the good-will and mercy of those who have been abused and trampled upon. 'Whatever measure ye mete unto men, will be measured to you again.' The laws of the moral universe are as invariable, omnipotent and harmonious, as are those of the material world. With such a mission, you cannot at all times lind an entrance into the hells. There are spiritual times and seasons. When these are favorable, and 'the spirit of the Lord is upon you,' theu go forth and declare the iife and the principles that put an end to human hatreds, oppressions, war and strife. Most assuredly, the words of the prophets will be fulfilled. ' None shall say I am sick.' 'Death and hell shall be swallowed up in victory.' 'Violence shall no more be heard in thy land, wasting nor destruction within thy borders ; thy walls shall be salvation, and thy gates praise. Thy people shall all be righteous, a little one shall become a thousand, and a small one a strong nation. I the Lord will hasten it in his time.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.