NON-ESSENTIALS or ESSENTIALS. It is not an uncommon thing to have our attention called to the non-essentials in religion. The idea is conveyed to the mind, that in this enlightened age, very little is needed to remind one of his duty to God, and on this account the rites and ceremonies of the church or churches are only so much of superstition or form as has been preserved to us from the religions of an earlier date. MuchN&gt;f this may be quite true, and possibly we may be holding on to some things which have no vitality as a saving grace. We review the past and readily observe in ignorant and semisavage races, that many of the ceremonies of religion were phases of atonement, and brought forward as a propitiation for that which they held to be sins against God. _ Jesus understood this so well that he did] not hesitate to inform his disciples that the time would come when intense cruelty would be inflicted u rrman, by those who through ignorance believed their religion demanded it. Men shall kill you, said Jesus, and think they are doing God's service. With this outburst of their own savage natures, agreeing so well with their dominant ideas of might as right, they enter upon the sanguinary action under solemn vows, wi'h the cause of churchal religion welling up in the heart. It may be quite true that in the religious world, might becomes right much oftener than the spirit of righteousness becomes right. From the earliest ages we have the record that one part of the race has been enslaved by the other. Sometimes these captives have been held in loathsome dungeons, manacled with heavy iron chains, and beaten and abused even unto death, while at the same time the inhuman masters would be offering up prayers to God or singiug psalms of praise. Wars of devastation have been engaged in and immediately religion is appealed to for aid and for victory. In connection with all this, churchal ceremonies are instituted and the faithful give thanks that they are not as other men. In the midst of schisms and wars the church has moved along from age to age, and even now in these times of plenteousness and peace, is more or less trammeled with those obstacles that have been handed down through superstition and fear. It is not strange that many of these observances are looked upon by thinking minds as among the non-esseatials of a religious life, and can have no intrinsic value in the establishment of righteousness in the heart. Neither is it strange that the prophet should introduce his religious exercise with this peculiar remark. 'I am a man of unclean lips, TERMS. MAY, 1887. and I dwell amidst a people of unclean lips.' It might seem quite difficult to reconcile the statement, that a religious body could be one of unclean lip's, or of an impure language. Perhaps they had grown to claim that inheritance as a sacred right, not to be disputed, and had the credit of much, seemingly, religious talk, of drawing near to God with their self-righteous speeches, even to the honoring of his name, but at the same time it was a ceremony of the lips, as their hearts were far from Him. All that they did as solemn reverence was what they had learned from the traditions of men. This fitting rebuke may not be out of place among the thousands of pious church going people of to-day. Observe, said. Jesus, what the Scribes and Pharisees bid you, but do not after their works, for they say and do not. If men teach for honor, or for gold and silver, these emoluments become the essential feature in their lives. They soon learn the theological path in which they must walk, and that creedal forms and ceremonies take the precedence of an unspotted life, or a practical self-denial. By whatever name a Christian body may be designated, if they become the children of God, they must be led and governed by the spirit of God. The Prince of Peace must be the director and everything be ruled by this system of discipline. Holy wars and religious persecutions belong to a barbarous and dominant age, where force ruled, and are destitute of the first elements of Christianity. It has been learned that a merciful man exercises mercy even toward a beast, and certainly it is far more essential that he should show mercy to his fellow men. The one special feature of the religion of Jesus teaches us that it entered into the very life of his chosen followers and made of them, new creatures. Instead of becoming selfish, and designing and bending everything to his own will, he is now to study the lessons of a peacemaker and through the manifestation of love for all souls learn to become a child of God. He then receives the wisdom that comes from above, which is first pure, then peaceable, gentle and easy to be entreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without variance, without hypocrisy. This testimony of the Son of God and of his disciples stands first as an essential qualification to form a foundation upon which to build a Christian character, that will reflect honor upon the name of Christ.