FAITH AND WORKS. J. F. BUTLER. Faith is not a confidence of our own making, but it is God that works it in a contrite and repenting heart. This faith as Luther in his preface to the epistle to the Romans observes, purifies the heart, destroys the old Adam, overcomes the world, engenders us anew, and changes us in heart, mind, and all the powers and faculties of the soul. If we but think and say I believe, such faith profits us nothing, for faith without works is dead. All true believers have received it under a sense of holy contrition and godly sorrow for sin, and by this we must test our faith, if we feel something of this and apply to Christ by prayer for faith and grace, we have a sure mark for faith already; for if we do not believe, we would not pray. But true repentance goes before faith, by which the heart is not only convinced of sin, and filled with godly sorrow, but changed, so as to hate and abandon all sin ; it is not enough to cleave off some of our sins, or be outwardly reformed, but it must be au inward and thorough change of the whole mind ; for if one sin he reigning, we cannot be said to have repented, and received that faith and power of God which overcomes the world and sin, therefore repent and believe the gospel, Marki., 15. Even so faith, if it hath not works is dead, being alone. James ii., 17. The faith that does not produce works of charity and mercy, is without the living principle which animates all true faith, that is, love t- - God love to man, verse 18th. Show me thy faith without thy works, (that is) pretending to have faith, while we have no works of charity or mercy, is utterly vain ; for as faith, which, is a principle in the mind, cannot be discerned but by the effects, that is good works; he, who has no good works, has no faith. I will show thee my faith by my works of charity and mercy ; will show that I have faith, and that it is the living tree, whose root is love to God and man ; and whose fruit is the good works here contended for. God acknowledges no faith as the operation of his spirit, that is not active or obedient: but the principle of all obedience to God, and beneficence to man is love. Love to God produces obedience to his will; love to man, worketh no ill; but on the contrary, every act of kindness. This humble, holy, operative, obedient love, is the grand touch-stone of all human creeds, and confessions ot faith. Faith without this, has neither soul nor operation; but faith which worketh by love is potent to save. Alfred, Me.