Condition and Destiny of our Race. GILES B. AVERY. The age in which we live, in all civilized society of the human family, is rife with action ; progress is the motor that is prompting and propelling human destiny ; unrest appears to characterize the substratum of human character, in the present phase of human history. This spirit is propelling the inquisitive element in mankind to seek to know the truth, the undeniable reality of all the multiform fruits of the tree of knowledge, in every lineament of human capacity, physical, mental and psychical. The avenues of both mental and psychical communion are opened to the perceptions and understandings of human beings to a degree, as we believe, never before experienced by our race ; and, from the tomes of the history of human progress consigned to the inhabitants of our age, that have survived the ravages of time, together with the light and truth revealed to man in the present era, by ministering angels of intelligence on errands of love from the shrine of Wisdom, there are brilliant orbs of light and truth shedding their lustre of life and power upon the human family, and urging it on a march of truthful improvement, unknown, as we believe, in all the cycles of past ages. The vital question of the hour is, How near heaven's appointed course is the ark of human destiny now sailing by the winds and waves of power operating upon our race ? Apostolic light perceived humanity's life progress ''first, in that which is natural, afterwards that which is spiritual.' Following this wake on life's ocean, we observe that the immense progress of science and art attained by man during the last half century is without a parallel in human history in the knowledge of the present generation. A knowledge of man's physical constituency has, it appears, almost reached the pinnacle of wisdom. Mental researches have unearthed the mines of knowledge, brought out and coined, in the mint of philosophy, the treasures of science and art applicable to the needs of man's material existence in labor-saving machinery, and in the quick transmission of ideas to great distances,- -which, were it husbanded for the benefit of all classes of human society, would so much lessen human toil for support as to allow a great amount of time for the enlightenment of the minds of the masses of society, promoting intelligence calculated to bless and happify our race. It has been estimated that the labor-saving machinery of the State of Massachusetts alone is equal to the manual labor of one half the inhabitants of the globe. But to such an extent have the cupidity and selfishness of mankind been extended, that, comparatively speaking, the great mass of the human race are but very moderately elevated and blessed thereby. Many of the necessaries of life are now produced so cheaply that, were the benefits justly shared by the human family, earth might become a Paradise. But, it is most sorrowful, tli3 great mass of mankind have not yet discovered the value of reciprocity and communion of interests, and that those only are truly wealthy who can measure their stores by their ability and determination to contribute to the benefit of other beings, after the precept of the Golden Rule : ' Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do you even so to them.' The iron rule of selfishness puts manacles on the hands of charity, and locks with clasps of steel the purses of benevolence ! Thus the golden bowl of love is broken at the fountain, and the rivulets of blessings are sapped and dried up at the springs. Consequently, bitter water of cursing are poured out of rancorous lips, while famished tabernacles of palsied souls are groping in melancholy ravines and desolate valleys of want and woe. The God-given Mosaic key, 'Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thjself,' is not used to unlock the doors of humanity's hoarded pelf and distribute to the needy: and that Christian love that would lay down one's life for his friend's is seldom to be witnessed ; though the example of Jesus is adored in speech and admired in thought, but esteemed as a virtue of an impracticable age even by those who call themselves most honorable Christians ! But, as it hath been said by him whose life was manifestly a consecration to the happiness of mankind, by an effort to save the race from sin, the cause of all human sorrow, 'Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every Avord that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.' And the Prophetic Age is at hand, when heavenly messengers are descending to earth to teach mankind a more just, better, and happier life, to harvest man from the fields of sin, yea, even from the low animal plane- -the old stock of narrow, selfish families- -' the clusters of the vine of the earth,' (see John the lievclator,~) and make him a guest in the chambers of the great family of Christ, who inherit 'the city that hath (eternal) foundations, whose builder and maker is God.' This 'i'M,e of the earth' is the power and work of generation. One of the angels, seen by the Revelator John, told another angel, who held a sharp sickle, to 'thrust in his sickle and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth, for her grapes are fully ripe.' These clusters are natural families ; and the work of the day that is now dawning upon human society is a time when harvesting angels from the spirit world, and those souls in the mortal body who follow Christ in the regeneration, are about to reap souls who are seeking for a higher life than the low, degraded state of militant selfish man, swallowed up in sensuality, and the lusts of a perverted life, and garner them into the heavenly mansions of souls who are saved from sin and being redeemed from its nature of temptation, thence to live a virgin celibate life in a community of saintly souls who are overcoming the world, and shaking loose from its every shackle of sinful nature. ' These are they who follow the Lamb (of God the Christ) whithersoever he goeth.' He is the first Great Shaker who opened up the way of salvation and redemption to man, thus beginning the fulfillment of that most gracious and merciful prophecy from the God of heaven. 'Yet once it is a little while, and I will shake the heavens and the earth, the sea and the dry land, and I will shake all the nations, and the desires of all nations shall come, and I will fill this house with glory, saith the Lord of hosts.' (Hag. ii., 6, 7.) This house is the tabernacle of the souls who have 'washed their robes white in the blood (life) of the Lamb'- -that is, by living the life as Christ did- -by overcoming the world in himself. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.