Unto you it is given to know... CHARLES JULIUS PRETER. ' Unto you it is given to know the mysteries of the kingdom of God, but to others in parables; that seeing they might not see, and hearing they might not understand. ' Luke i&gt;iii., Most all sects and denominations in the world are looking for and expecting the kingdom of God, the New Jerusalem on earth in a future tense, therefore they are greatly surprised when they are told that it has already come, and all true Believers are its inmates. Whenever God had a divine manifestation on earth, it came always contrary to the common expectations of men, and why not at the present time of Christ's second appearing in the female, the Bride? Rev. xii., 17. To get a right knowledge of this all important subject, we must first get a right understanding of God. It is plain and evident, the Deity is not, a Trinity but a Duality. Rons. i., 20. 'For the invisible things of Him from the creation of the world, are clearly seen by the things th- -xt are made even his eternal Power and Godhead. ' Jesus was not God, but a created being. His soul did emanate and came forth from God, the same way that all other souls did. Acts xvii., 28. 'We are also his offspring. ' Eccl. xii.,7. 'Then shall the dust (body) return to the earth as it was, and the spirit shall return unto God who gave it.' St. Paul wrote 1st. Cor. i., 28, 'We preach Christ, the Power of God and the Wisdom of God.' Jesus received this Christ spirit or anointing, when he was thirty years old, at the time of his baptism in the river Jordan. John i., 12. 'As many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God.' 1st. John III., 2. 'Beloved, now we are the sons of God.' Obadiah, 21. ' Saviors shall come up on mount Zion, to judge the mount of Esau. ' By this it is plainly seen, that God has many sons and daughters, as well as a number of saviors beside Jesus, who was the first begotten from the dead, our first brother, for all before him were in a spiritual sense dead. ' Death reigned from Adam to Christ,' who came to restore to life all who were 'dead in trespasses and sins.' Gen. v., 1, 2. God created man in his own image, male and female, not three, but two persons. This anti-christian doctrine of a Trinity was first concocted and introduced into the church at the council of Nice in Bithynia, in the year 325, by corrupt priests and bishops, after much disputation and violent opposition. Learned men in Rome, who have carefully examined the ancient paintings and monuments in the catacombs, where the earliest records of Christianity were found, have ascertained without a shadow of doubt, that the Deity was always represented as Father and Mother, and not as a Trinity, during the first three hundred years. Even among the ancient Egyptians the duality of the Deity was acknowledged. Isis and Osiris, Father and Mother, and Horus the offspring. Also among the Hindoos there was Brahma and Vishnu, Father and Mother, and Siva, offspring, which was in the course of time finally worshiped the same as the person of Jesus was. (It must be remarked here that it was the Christ spirit, the anointing, or power aud wisdom of God, which was the proper object of worship, but not the man Jesus.) In all ancient accounts of their Vedas among the Hindoos, there is nothing which proves the doctrine of a Trinity. In all the heathen mythology could not be found such a monstrous doctrine as a three male God, he the Father, he the Sou, aud he the Holy Ghost. It was through the subtleness of Satan, to subvert the true work of God, by ignoring all agencies of woman, or a female spirit in the existence of Deity, as well as the redemption of man. 1st. Cor. xi., 7. 'The woman is the glory of the man.' Therefore it is plain and evident, if Christ promised to come again in his glory, he has to come in a woman. This we declare to all mankind has found place in the person of Ann Lee. Her name is mentioned in the sacred Scriptures the same as the name of Jesus. Zech. iv., 7. 'Who art thou, O great mountain ? before Zerubbabel thou shalt become a plain, and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof, which shall be called Ann, Ann Lee.' (Those last three words are falsely translated 'grace grace to it.') Our gospel brother, Wm. Bussell, found this out some time ago, and it is fully endorsed by Prof. Bush, teacher of Hebrew in the university of New York. Zech. iv., 14. '' These are the two anointed ones that stand by the Lord of the whole earth. ' 2nd. Esdras vii., 26. 'Behold the time shall come, that these tokens which i have told thee shall come to pass, and the Bride shall appear, and she coming forth shall be seen, that now is withdrawn from the earth. ' Now we leave it to all intelligent men and women to judge, if 'Adam was a figure of him to come,' should it seem to be incredible in this 19th. century and enlightened age, if 'Eve was a figure of her to come?' Rom. v., 14. Micah iv., 8. 'And thou O tower of the flock, the strong hold of the daughter of Zion, unto thee shall it come, even the first dominion ; the kingdom shall come to the daughter of Jerusalem.' Exod. xxv., 18. 'Two cherubims (a male and female angel, according to ancient traditions) were placed over the ark and mercy seat. We find in verse 22, 'And I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat, from between the two cherubims.' Dan. xii.. 5. ' Then I Daniel looked, and behold there stood other two, the one on this side of the river, and the other on that side of the bank of the river. ' Showing the waters of life to flow forth from between them. John vii., 38. He that believeth on me, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water.' Rev. xii., 12. 'On either side of the river was there the tree of life.' Prov. xi., 30, and xv., 4. 'The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life.' ' A wholesome tongue is a tree of life. ' It is also very remarkable, when we reflect that, according to Josephus, on one side of the double door of the temple was written Father, and on the other side, Mother. The two pillars which stood before the entrance of the temple, are also plainly pointing out to the two anointed ones, Jesus and Ann Lee, and their successors in the work of God. One was called Jachin, which denotes 'he that established,' referring to Christ's first appearing, and the other was called Boaz, which denotes 'in strength,' referring to Christ's second appearing. For we read that the glory of the second temple shall be greater than the first. Urim and Thummim written on the breastplate of the high priest, was also in a remarkable manner referring to the two gospel dispensations. Urim denotes light, alluding to Christ's first appearing, and Thummim denotes perfection, alluding to Christ's second appearing. In Christ's first appearing they saw as through a glass darkly, but in his second appearing, 'when that which is perfect has come, they shall see eye to eye, and face to face, when the comforter, the spirit of truth, shall lead us into all truth. ' Jesus had figuratively to lay the corner stone of the spiritual temple. He revealed the eternal Father. In his time souls were only begotten of God, they were merely a true pattern of the kingdom of God on earth, which Jesus taught them to pray for; 'Thy kingdom come.' But Mother Ann revealed the eternal Mother ; her work was to lay the cap or headstone on this sacred temple. And as in the course of nature no children could be born without the mother, so no souls could ever be spiritually born, without the co-operation of spiritual parents. We invite all who are willing to live righteously, godly and soberly, to confess and forsake their sins, and live a pure, holy and chaste life to come. 'The Spirit and the Bride say, Come. Let him that heareth say, Come. Let him that is athirst Come, and whosoev. er will, let him take the water of Life freely.' Rev. xxii., 17. Union Village, 0.