REMINISCENSES OF MY SHAKER CHILDHOOD. SPRING. After the long dreary winter we were generally prepared to give the Spring a hearty welcome and eagerly we began to look for the first blades of grass or the pussy willows which came out by the ponds where we were sure to find the first. Then would follow the tender leaves and the lovely Spring flowers, for never have I since seen such beds of violets as those that used to spring up at Canterbury. Before these came, however, farmers had begun to gather the sap from the sugar maples, and make the never-to-be-forgotten maple sugar. How we looked forward to those days spent in the Sugar Camp. Indeed, they almost seemed to me like visits to fairy land, such entire freedom from unnecessary restraint as we thought, while the marvelous gymnastics we there performed would hardly be credited to us when seen on duty elsewhere. We sometimes fancied ourselves the wild Indians about which we had read, and sometimes would almost attempt to fly through the fields rather than run, or perch in the dark spruce trees to collect the succulent gum which exuded therefrom and meantime relate stories that were quite amazing to our listening playmates. It was there, also, when seated on hard board benches we ate the best lunches off roughest tables, or quietly seated upon the ground would pluck the winter-green berries too busy to be noisy even. All these incidents formed part and parcel of the delightful clay. As the time for returning home drew near we would hover around the open fire-place and sing those lovely songs which can never be forgotten. Ah! Such delightful hours as those were, too rare not to be appreciated and remembered by the participants and when at last we reached home one would hardly recognize in this subdued band the noisy children who left it in early morning. Soon to rest we went to live over the day in dreams if not too weary. Anon we began to have out of doors work to do, for when the grass began to start, the door-yard must be made tidy so that it should cover all the ground. After helping to carry in the wood we would pick up the chips and rake up the remaining debris. The fresh glad sunshine the soft winds and the happy twitter of the birds could not fail to make us healthy, happy and hearty, and so we were still busy and bright in spite of the winter's confinement which was useful discipline and the best kind of training for us. Then the flowers came in abundance and fragrant beauty and soon after the early fruit. I remember one year I had a small bed of flowers all by myself which in those days was an uncommon privilege; perhaps these good friends saw that I needed the fresh outside air, and so took this way to give it to me, so I was allowed to assist the sisters in the Garden house and we spent many long days among the flowers, plants, etc. I was as happy and busy as the bees which seemed to think the flowers were made for them alone and often gave us a sharp reminder of their opinion. What a garden that was, with Elder Eli s orchard on one side and the Garden house on the other while between the branches of the trees you could see the Sisters' Shop and the old kitchen house now gone to decay. I have had many a happy day-dream there, breathing in the perfume of the flowers and listening to the drowsy hum of the toiling bees or the patient voice of the sisters who gave me useful talks on Botany and also a desire to acquire more of the knowledge which these delightful surroundings began to teach me. Healthy labor promotes rest and here we could enjoy both. As the weather began to get warmer the summer term of school approached, and how anxiously I used to search through my memory for the remains of last year's harvest and set them in order, for immediate use. These first days were always very trying to me for I wished so ardently to excel in this part of my education if possible, for I loved the occupation itself and beside I earnestly desired to please my dearly loved teacher. Now I find myself back to the point from which I began the reminiscences. Should they seem imperfect to some of you who read them, remember that it is a quarter of a century since these events occurred during which time owing to a change of residence and circumstances beyond my control, I have been completely severed from these scenes, and the dear friends of my youth. For those who have known and cared for me in my wayward, careless childhood, I have written these papers to prove my grateful recognition of their untiring devotion. 'Should old acquaintance be forgot And never brought to mind?- - Should old acquaintance be lorgot In the days of Auld Lang syne ? Anna P. Carll. Providence 11. I.