FUTURE PROBATION. CHAUNCY DIBBLE. Observing in the New York Witness of December 23rd., a notice on Probation 1 will express a few thoughts thereon. It sterns the only theory that explains consistently the dealings of Providence with man. God as Father and Mother of all souls, is the fountain of intelligence and has imparted a portion of this attribute to mortals. Also He has bestowed the gift of free agency as a lasting inheritance to man, so far as the use of his faculties extend, either for good or ill, virtue or vice. Yet he must reap the fruits of his doings. The law of compensation he cannot escape in the final test, yet who but an all-wise judge can measure truth and mercy? Character, uot reputation, is based upon the same immutable law of merit in spirit life, as here. The same all-wise Parent of love administers justice and mercy to his children through his divine agencies. Yesterday, to-day and forever the same rewards of virtue and punishments of vice is the law throughout the realm of intelligences. Those who have died without the knowledge of Christ's gospel, as nearly all mankind have, may come to a knowledge of its saving power in spirit life and be redeemed from their natural depravity by compliance with its principles. I am not an advocate for Purgatory, neither do 1 suppose the spirit world is a void space with one place of endless torment and another of ineffable bliss, for this idea if carried out, would destroy heaven anywhere. God's character and government has been falsely represented by Jewish tradition. No such warlike nature is attributed to Him by Jesus. Throughout his Sermon on the Mount the spirit of mercy predominates towards the penitent. Not a sparrow forgotten. Not a thief on the cross condemned. He exhorted to forgive men their trespasses. Judge not lest ye be judged. Let him that is perfect cast the first stone. Christ after his resurrection went and preached to the spirits on whom the long suffering of God waited in the days of Noah. 1st Peter, iii., 20, also iv., 6. Future probation was commonly taught in early ages of Christianity ; but those parts of Scripture which advocate it were carefully rejected by church authorized compilers of Scripture. The spirit life is not dark and mysterious. In God is no shadow of turning, and through his instrumentalities He will gather the prodigals home until the last of the flock be restored. Watervliet, N. Y.