The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker. No. 14. Published expressly for the several Communities of Believers in IS 16. Re-written by Henry C. Blinn. Some of the Believers attempted to address the crowd, but were soon admonished, to hold their peace, as some ruffian would deal them a severe blow with a whip or a cane. One hour was allowed the Believers in which to make preparations for their journey. The time was very limited in which to do the many needful duties, especially when we consider that more than a hundred people, of all ages, were in the place, and many of them fifty or more miles from home. At the expiration of the hour the Believers were ordered to march. The Sisters were permitted to ride in a carriage or on horseback, but the Brethren were forbidden this privilege, although many of them had horses. About one half of the mob formed the advance guard. Next came the Believers, while the remainder of the mob brought up the rear. The Brethren who lived in the town of Harvard were determined to follow their Brethren and Sisters, although forbidden by the leaders of the mob. As this large body of religious persecutors were nearly all on horseback, they obliged the Believers to move along with considerable speed. The infirm and tliOoe advanced in age who did not walk so fast as their inhuman drivers thought proper, were rudely and cruelly admonished by a severe stroke of a whip or some other instrument of torture. If any one attempted to admonish these persecutors for their cruelty, a blow from a lash or stick, on his head or face soon convinced him of the danger of reasoning with an unprincipled mob, whose loving kindness is bitter and whose tender mercies are cruel. Several of the Believers, on that day, found by sad experience, that it was in vain, to attempt to moderate the cruelty of such savage hearts. Quite soon after the procession had started, one of the Believers attempted to repeat a prayer, but a number of cruel blows over the head and face, forbid his proceeding. Prayers were not allowed. When the company reached the dwelling of Jeremiah Willard, two of the Brethren from his place came out to .*peak to their friends. As Abijah Worcester was shaking hands with one in the ranks, a man by the name of Houghton rode up and struck Abijah a severe blow on the head with a goad. Abijah was then placed under guard, ordered into the ranks and marched along with the company. At Still River the whole body were ordered to halt. They had marched three miles. 'Now we will have a little diversion,' said one of the leaders, and orders were given that James Shepard should be soundly whipped.f A ring was soon formed and sticks cut from the bushes, preparatory to the whipping. Several persons were appointed to the work and directed to give the prisoner a certain number of strokes. James was ordered to take off his coat and vest. He then kneeled and prayed, 'Be of good cheer, Brethren, for it is your Heavenly Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. ' On hearing these words one man, Isaiah Whitney without waiting for orders, gave James several severe strokes with his horsewhip. Eleazer Rand and Jonathan Slosson arrived at the time of the whipping. Eleazer immediately placed himself between James and his persecutors. This act of Christian kindness so enraged the mob that they beat him with their clubs, canes and whips most unmercifully. Others of the Brethren followed the example of Eleazer till the confusion of the scene brought this act of cruelty to an end. William Morey did not hesitate to reprove Farnsworth, the captain of the mob, for permitting such acts of inhumanity, such abusive conduct, and - -f James was the only person in the company, that came with the Believers from England and as they liad been disappointed in not finding pother Ann and the Elders, their enmity was turned toward this poor man, and they resolved to whip him for all the orthers. such shocking cruelty. Farnsworth was so enraged at this reproof that he struck William in the face with great violence and broke out several of his teeth. This scene over, the Believers were again placed in marching order and driven with greater speed than before for a distance of three more miles which brought them to the line between Harvard and Bolton. At this place the Brethren from Harvard called at the house of Zacheus Stevens, which was near the boundary line. Several Sisters came to the door and begged of the Brethren not to leave their gospel friends, so long as they were driven by those cruel persecutors. It was a word in due season, and the response came, 'We will go with our gospel friends, as far as the mob goes. ' At the town line a strong guard was placed to prevent the Brethren from Harvard from advancing. They were sternly forbid from passing over the line. These Brethren however, claimed a perfect right to travel on the highway, and were determined to proceed. Being opposed by the mob they cried out, 'Are you highway robbers?' 'We will go as far as you go, and will not leave our Brethren and Sisters in your merciless hands.' '' If you attempt to cross the boundary line of the town,' said the captain, 'we will spill your blood in the sand.' Regardless of the threats, the Brethren from Harvard proceeded, but were inhumanly beaten with clubs, by the captain and his guards. Eleazer, at this time received a blow that broke his arm. Frightened at their own cruel deeds, the guards fled and the Harvard Brethren went on and joined the body of Believers. From the place where the mob halted to whip James Shepard, to the town of Lancaster was one continued scene of cruelty and abuse. Horsewhipping, pounding, beating with clubs, collaring, pushing off from bridges into the water, frightening the horses that were guided by the Sisters, and every kind of abuse that their malicious minds could invent, without the taking of life. Indeed it seemed miraculous that none lost their lives while subjected to such cruel and continued persecutions. One of the Brethren, Jonathan Bridges, for neglect to march at their required speed was whipped nearly every step for the distance of a quarter of a mile. Jonathan at last became so faint that he fell by the side of the road. As Eleazer Hand was repeating the words,- -'0 Lord,' a man named Priest seized him by the collar, shook him severely and commanded him to hold his tongue. ' I have the right and I will pray, ' said Eleazer. Eleazer was now cruelly pushed for a rod or more and then hurled against a Stone wall. '' Did you stop the dog from praying, ' said Houghton. 'No, ' said Priest, 'I could not unless I had killed him.' If any of the aged Brethren attempted to mount a horse, to obtain some relief while on this wearisome journey, some one from the persecutor's ranks would immediately ride up to him and with the butt of his whip-stock, soon force him to dismount. At Lancaster the leaders of the mob held consultation, and then dismissed the Believers with this injunction, 'If any of you shall ever be seen again in Harvard, any person of this party present, shall have full power to tie you up and whip you, without judge or jury,' and then added, 'We now have a farther work to do with these Harvard Shakers.' After this dismissal the Believers found a resting place under the shade of a large, beautiful elm, and once more having the divine right to breathe freely, they expressed their gratitude and thankfulness by uniting in prayer, and giving thanks to God that they were counted worthy to suffer persecution for the testimony of the gospel. It was the outpouring of a thankful spirit from many honest hearts, after having suffered such cruel persecutions, from the hands of those who denominated themselves the followers of Christ and advocates of religious liberty. Perhaps they were too soou in their demonstrations of thankfulness. The mob heard the prayers. These were piercing reproofs to guilty consciences. The mob was provoked, and again rushed upon the Believers and commenced another inhuman scene of cruelty. Neither age nor sex was regarded in this indiscriminate lashing and beating. It was done, seemingly, with as little regard for the feelings of men and women as though it had been a herd of swine. After this burst of fury had been exhausted the mob retired from the place. Once more the Believers were permitted to breathe freely, and yet they were not quite sure that the blessed relief was more than a momentary blessing. They could now hold communion with the apostle, when he said, 'We are troubled on every side, yet not distressed ; we are perplexed, but not altogether without help or means. Per- secuted, but not forsaken ; cast down, but not destroyed.' The Harvard Brethren now bade their gospel friends an affectionate farewell, and the wish, ' God bless you, ' went up from every heart as the parties began their journeys toward their own homes. Those returning to Harvard were beaten more or less, by the mob, while on their way home. An aged brother, Jonathan Clark, was struck several times with the butt of a loaded whipstock, by a man named Houghton. On entering the town of Harvard, the mob stopped at Captain Pollard's and formed a ring. Up to this time they had kept Abijah Worcester under guard. He was now charged with going about and breaking up families and churches, and it was declared that he should be whipped. By vote of the mob, Jonathan Houghton and Elijah Priest were appointed to be the whippers, after several nominations. It was decided by vote that he should receive twenty lashes. He was immediately stripped to the waist and tied to a tree, when Houghton laid on his ten strokes. Suddenly, a respectable and humane citizen, James Haskell, rode to the place and seeing this case of cruelty, dismounted from his horse, and throwing off his coat and vest, cried out, 'Here! here!! If there are any more stripes to be given let me take the rest. ' On hearing these words from Haskell the mob did not dare to proceed, and Abijah was immediately set free. Having put on his garments, he began to sing, which he continued to do till he reached the house of Zacheus Stevens. There were persons in the company, who made no profession of a religious faith, that were so affected with the sufferings of Abijah that they could not refrain from weeping. At this place the mob dispersed and were not seen again. Many of the citizens of the town of Harvard were much displeased with the proceedings of this churchal persecution. Not only in Harvard but through the whole course of the seven miles, which the Believers were driven, many were greatly dissatisfied with the abusive conduct of the mob. Some ventured to remonstrate against the cruelty, but were generally answered by curses and a reminder that they might possibly be served in the same manner. It will be well to remark that the conduct and testimony of some of the young Believers, while on the road had a tendency to exasperate the mob to greater acts of cruelty than they probably, would have committed, had strict silence been maintained. Many of them had accepted the faith but a few months, and were full of zeal, and being divested of all fear of man, they would sing, and shout and pray, and praise God that they were counted worthy to suffer for Christ's sake and the gospel.