SOWING AND REAPING. MARION JOHNSON. 'Whatsoeveb a man soweth that shall he also reap.' Gal. vi., 7. The text quoted, shows to us that the law* of compensation is operatne in spiritual as well as natural things, and renders to each action its own inherent reward. That like causes produce like effects, is a law of Nature as unalterable as those of the ancient Medea and Persians. This is a weighty consideration, aud teaches us how great should be our care and anxiety lest we sow what we are i ot willing to reap. How often have the seeds of some hasty, impatient or passionate act, borne fruitage in a life-lorg sorrow and regret, the effects of which perhaps may be as far reaching as eternity. It is very aptly said in the context, 'If we sow to the flesh we shall reap corruption ; but if we sow to the spirit, we shall reap life everlasting.' If our highest ambition and aspirations in life, center wholly ou the pleasures, honors and emoluments which this world bestows, and we pursue those to the exclusion of higher objects, we may be successful in our pursuit; but as these are the fruits of sowing to the flesh, aud must be classed with the perishable and corruptible, hence the harvest that we shall reap, will be one of grief for wasted time and energies, of which a portion at least, should have been improved in caring for the interests of our immortal souls. While on the other hand, if we hunger and thirst after righteousness, to that extent that we are willing to sacrifice all to obtain it; daily crucifyiug the world in ourselves with its affections and lusts; seeking only to knoAv and do the will of God, we shall reap a reward commensurate with our efforts aud the sacrifices we have made. Daily and hourly are we sowing these seeds by the weyside on the journey of life ; either those of love and kindness aud blessing, or those of unkindness, hatred and strife ; and though we may have forgotten the time and place of the sowing, yet none the less sure are they to germinate and bring forth fruit unto a harvest which, painful or pleasant, it will be our sole prerogative to reap. Did we realize this subject as we should in all its bearings upon our own and other's welfare, we should often inquire of ourselves, are we sowing the seeds which we shall be willing to reap? ' Will the reaping of life's harvest Yields eternal life to thee? 0 my soul, be wise in sowing, That the harvest blest may be.' God grant that to each one of us, may be the reaping of a golden harvest of the peaceable fruits of righteousness ; and may it be our earnest endeavor to root out from our hearts the evil weeds which have sprung from the seeds of worldliness and selfishness, that the beautiful plants of goodness, truth and purity may flourish and grow in the sunlight of God's love. Canterbury, N. H. i: