SUCCESS. AGNES E. NEWTON. Decision, promptness and perseverance are the prime elements of success in every undertaking in life. The first is of the utmost importance in the formation of a character, which will fit its possessor for the trusts and responsibilities of earth life which is but a preface to that beyond. A wise decision as regards the course to be pursued in the one, ensures ultimate success in the other. Promptness was one of the ruling characteristics in the life of our Savior, as the many incidents recorded in the New Testament give evidence. We cannot recall an instance where the opportunity for doing good was postponed or an indefinite answer returned to the needy who sought through his agency divine aid. The poor unfortunate who cried, 'Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean, ' received the ready answer, accompanied by the compassionate touch of the Savior's hand, 'I will, be thou clean. ' He did not silence the importunities of the Ruler with the promise to call at his earliest convenience, to see his little daughter who was lying at the point of death ; but went with the stricken parent at once, and rendered the assistance that no'je but a Christ could have given. The impotent man waiting at the pool of Bethesda, in painful suspense, alternately hoping and despairing as he sought the healing of its waters, which he was unable to reach because of the selfishness of the throng, Avhen made conscious of the Savior's presence was immediately restored by his wonderful power. The invitation extended to those whom he selected to be his disciples, to follow him, required prompt obedience. Matthew sitting at the receipt of Custom obeyed at once ; arose and followed him ; leaving lucrative employment, to share the persecutions and fortune of one, who himself declared had not where to lay his head. Andrew and Peter were not given time to finish mending their nets, nor to settle the matter of leaving with their father ; but left their little all of earthly possessions and relations and followed the master. The worth of the lessons which these few incidents, selected from among the many, is their practical adaptation to human life with its burdens and responsibilities, its joys and its sorrows. To be negligent and procrastinating in the performance of duty, whether of a spiritual or temporal nature, and in a truly Christian life, the two are inseparably blended, is not following the example of our Savior. The Christ mission implies earnest active service. The decision to obey the diviue injunction, ' Deny thyself take up thy cress daily aud follow me,' promptly made and perseveringly carried out, will bring the perfect fruition of the soul, and the living Christ will be found therein enshrined. Canterbury, N. H.