TESTIMONY OF LUCY WRIGHT, When I was young I used to be much affected with reading about the sufferings and persecutions which Christ and his disciples endured from the wicked ; and I often thought if I had lived in that day, I would have been one of Christ's disciples. jWhen I was about nineteen years of age, I was taken very sick with a nervous fever ; so that my life was despaired of, both by myself and others. In the time of this sickness I fell into a trance and thought I died. Finding myself alone in the world of spirits, aud no one to help me, I was in great trouble, and prayed that some one would come to my assistance, and conduct me to a place of happiness. And there appeared to me a very pure, bright looking man, who conducted me to a house, as it seemed, where I saw a number of people who looked so pure and clean that I began to feel greatly ashamed of myself. Among the rest I saw a man who seemed to be walking the floor under the operations of the power of God. The sight of such heavenly purity as these people seemed to possess, and the sense I felt of my own impurity and unfitness for such a place, brought excessive tribulation upon me, and I felt as though I wanted to get away and hide myself. I told the people that when I was in the body, I thought when I died I should go to heaven ; but I could not find heaven because I had come there in my sins, and I asked them if there was not some place where I could go and repent of my sins and be saved. They said there was, and I might go and repent. About this time my father came to my bed-side and took hold of my hand and I awoke from my trance. I asked him if he thought 1 was dying. He said he thought I was, and asked me if I did not think so. I answered, no. He asked me if I was willing to die. I replied that I was not for I was yet in my sins ; and if I should die in my sins, I could not be saved. My vision in this sickness greatly awakened my feelings, and led me to search for some way out of sin. In this search I continued for several years without success- -no way appeared ; but I did not then know the cause. In the year 1779, there Avas a great revival of religion in New Lebanon, in which I received a witness that the time of Christ's second appearance was near at hand ; but in what manner it would take place I could not tell, for I believed his second appearance, like the first, would take place in a manner contrary to all human calculation. I was afraid I should be like the unbelieving Jews, and oppose Christ in his coming. In the spring of 1780, there were various reports in circulation about a strange sort of people living up above Albany ; and I felt great anxiety to go and search them out and see whether there was anything good among them or not. Accordingly I set out with six or seven others to make them a visit. While on our journey, one of the compaay asked me if I was going to join them. I replied that I had searched a great deal after religion, but had never yet found any that had a very solid foundation, and if their religion had no better foundation than what I had found before, I should not join them : for, said I, 'they cannot catch old birds with chaff.' We went to John Partington's and stayed over night. The next morning being Sabbath, we went on to the place where Mother Ann and the Elders lived and arrived there just before they began their morning worship, and attended their meeting which was unspeakably powerful, solemn and striking. We also attended their afternoon meeting. The mighty power of God was evidently preseut in visible operations among the people. I was so affected with a sense of fear, guilt and shame, on account of my own wretched and lost state, and my unfitness to be with a people of such purity, that I drew back and kept out of sight as much as possible. Among other extraordinary manifestations of the power of God which I noticed, one of the Elders, while walking the floor under the visible operations of divine power suddenly extended his hand towards me, and came directly up to me, saying, 'God knows what is there, and so do his servants.' This struck me very forcibly. I fully be- lieved what lie said, and felt as though all my sins were as plain and open to their view as they were to ray own, and I felt as much tribulation as I was able to endure. We attended the evening meeting, when I again stepped behind the people and sat on a bench, in hopes of keeping out of sight. Elder James YVhittaker soon came and sat by me, and said, 'Woman, what do you think of this great work of God?' I answered, 'I know it is the work of God.' ''So you do,' said he ; 'but you are like the Jews of old, who waited long for a Messiah, but when he came he was too mean for them ; so is this work of God too mean for you.' 1 replied, that I did not think there was any way of Go;] for me. Then Mother and the Elders came and kneeled down bejbrc me ; my head was bowed and I was unable to raise it up, or to help myself. Mother wept and cried for a few minutes, and then he-ran to sing, and sung very melodiously. They then told me that there was a way of God for me, if I would confess and forsake my sins. This I fully believed, and in obedience to the faith I then received, I went immediately out and . confessed my sins honestly before MotherlArm ; and I found her to be a Mother indeed. I found that releasernent from the burden of sin which I had never felt before, and which 1 had never been able to find in any other way,^though I had long sought for it. The vision which I had seen in my sickness, more than four years before, came fresh to my mind. Here was the house and the people. I remembered the guilt and confusion I had felt in my vision, and now I had realized it. The man.who came to me with out-stretched hand, I found to be Elder John Hocknell ; and I knew him to be 'the same man that I saw in my vision, 'walking the floor tinder the operations of divine power. All the scenes of that singular vision were this day realized to me in a very striking manner. I now felt as though I had got upon a sure foundation where I could safely stand. We continued there the following day ; during this time Mother faithfully instructed us in the way of God. On Tuesday morning we took our leave and returned home, greaily satisfied with our visit. When I reached home. I told my father I had found the people I saw in my vision ; ana I knew Elder John Hockjiell to be the same man 1 saw walking the floor under the power of God; and my father recollected the vision. When we first heard of Mother Ann and the Elders, we found by the report of their neighbors, of whom inquiry was made, that they were considered as a peaceable, honest and industrious people, having a good name among their neighbors, who were plain, honest, Dutch people, and did not meddle with the religion of other people, and of course had no prejudice against the Shakers on that account. But when we came to hear and embrace their' testimony, and to receive a measure of the spirit of Christ through their ministration, and walk according to it; then it was that evil reports began to spread, so that in a short time Mother was charged with every kind of wickedness ; but so far from weakening my faith, these reports strengthened it the more, because the great similarity between the accusations against the Lord Jesus and Mother Ann, was thereby made to appear more striking and evident. It was not long after I embraced this testimony, that Mother Ann and the Elders were imprisoned in Albany, as were also most of the leading characters of the work in New Lebanon. When wicked men took Mother Ann and the Elders to convey them to prison, they made their boasts that if they could get away the principal members of the Society from New Lebanon, they could easily overthrow the rest, and put a stop to the work. Accordingly they seized and committed them all to prison : and we, poor children, were left like sheep without a shepherd. Yet through our humble prayers to God, day and night, we were protected and strengthened in our faith, and our persecutors failed in their object, and were not able to destroy the work of God. While the Elders were in prison, I visited them once ; but Mother Ann had been conveyed down the river and confined in the jail at Poughkeepsie. The winter following she returned home, and I visited her soon afterwards. I saw her again at Harvard in a time of great persecution. I also visited her twice at Ashfield ; both of these times her meetings were attended with the most remarkable manifestations of divine power. I was with her also at Hancock and New Lebanon, where persecution raged without control. In these persecutions she appeared perfectly undaunted, and boldly reproved the wicked for their ungodly conduct. She spoke as she was influenced by the spirit and power of God, and was no more severe than was Jesus when he exclaimed to the wicked in his day, 'Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers ; how can ye escape the condemnation of hell? Matt. xxiii., 33. But, however great or severe their persecutions, Mother Ann and the Elders always bore their sufferings and abuses with meekness and humility. In all my acquaintance with them, under all circumstances, 1 never discovered anything in any of their conversation or deportment, either public or private, that was in anywise contrary to the pure gospel of Christ, of which they evidently possessed a very large portion. When we had visited them, and were about to return home, in taking our leave of Mother, we never failed to receive her parting blessing in some virtuous and wholesome counsel or instruction, either of a spiritual or temporal nature, and generally both. She would sometimes say, 'Go home and put your hands at work and your hearts to God : pay all your just debts, and right all your wrongs. Remember the poor; if you have but little to spare, give to them that need. Be neat and clean, and keep the fear of God in all your goings forth.' Though my father and most of his family embraced the testimony and faithfully kept it; yet we found many trials to pass through, and much opposition to encounter. My mother died while I was quite young ; and though I had a kind father, yet I knew not the value and importance of a mother till I found Mother Ann. In all our trials and sufferings from the opposition of the wicked, since we embraced the gospel, the promise of Christ has ever been verified towards us: 'Blessed are ye when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and say all manner of evil against you falsely for my sake.' In all my tribulation I have found comfort in the gospel. My faith has been my treasure ; and my obedience to the gospel testimony has always afforded peace and comfort to my soul. My faith is firmly fixed on a sure foundation. I have no more doubt of the divine mission of Mother Ann, or of the truth of her testimony, than I have of that of Jesus Christ and his apostles, for it has kept me from sin, and is to this day, like the bread of life to my soul. That same testimony which I first received from her, still remains like a living witness, and in obedience to its teaching, I have received many blessed gifts of God, and many precious seasons of heavenly joy and comfort. I have enjoyed Mother's spirit and presence in times of tribulation and often felt her present with me. These things are not fanciful dreams of the imagination, but as real as the light of the sun in a clear day. Could I believe the charges of the wicked against Mother, I must believe that a corrupt tree can bring forth good fruit, for I know I have received much good and heavenly fruit from her ; nor did I ever see anything but goodness in her, from the first day I met her to that of her decease. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. 1826.