NOTES. THE MANIFESTO, 1887. Office op publication. The Manifesto is published at Shaker Village, Mer. Go. N. H. All articles for publication should be addressed to Henry C. Blinn, and all letters on financial business to A. Y. Cochran. TIE! DERIVE ffiS. One copy per year, postage paid, ' six months, ' Send for specimen copy, free. . 15 .10 LIGHT. More thau ever it becomes the imperative duty of every one to 'Let yowv light shine.' Obstacles that have been placed in the way should be removed, conditions that have clouded the mind should be changed and the light, of the revelation of God's will to man, of the humanity of man toward man, of the laws that should be our teacher in morality, and the laws that should demand a care for our bodies as temples for the holy spirit to dwell in, should be allowed to shine so clearly and so continuously that even those Avho run may read without the least fear of making a false step. Sometimes we think there can be no excuse for taking shelter in unrighteousness. That the day is already dawning upon us when the 'knowledge of the Lord shall cover the land as the waters cover the sea,' while the wise men and women are publishing so freely their best and most carefully wrought out investigations in regard to the laws of life and the beneficial effects of a moral education. More than ever do we occupy a responsible position before the world, as we have the history and experience of all who have preceded us on the earthly pilgrimage. Thousands of years have given man a long experience in which to learn many valuable lessons for the prosperity of the race. These can never be lost from sight only in isolated cases when a tribe or a nation carelessly forget God, in their neglect of his laws toman. Light came in the past ages as it comes to us. It may have been of less magnitude and of more distant intervals, but it was the same light, and it came from God. It gave to the people a system of laws for the care of their bodies, and foreshadowed, at the same time, a care for their souls. Nothing but a light from God could have turned Abraham from his Pagan dietary customs and stimulated in him the necessity for a reformation. It was an advanced step in righteousness, his best offering to God, and a great benefit to the race of man, in that it widened the distance between the 'sons of God' and the omniverous beasts. This was a special divine favor that soon became a 'lamp to his feet and as a light to his path. ' The prophet also enjoyed a manifestation from the same spirit, when he became able to urge the necessity of a greater discipline for the mind. ' Let the wicked forsake his way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts, and let him return to the Lord. ' Without the self-denial that was imposed by Abraham and Moses, it is doubtful if the prophet could have succeeded in establishing an interest for JUNE something higher. These .first preachers readied only the selfish propensities, while the spirit, illuminated man with more soul devotion, urged the necessity for a greater discipline in morality, and saw the \ery great need of an order of life beyond the animals that perish. The undisciplined or unrighteous man is more or less a subject of darkness and can only learn a better way where the light shines. He is liable to fall into states and conditions that are not protective, and frequently becomes a sorry specimen of humanity, ignorant or brutal. That which was denominated unclean under the ministration of the law and unsuitable for use, can be in a day of greater light, no less unclean, and must be more objectionable for man. If it stimulated coarseness and grossncss of mind in that day it will probably do the same now. The morality of that early age, as a whole, would hardly be acceptable in the Christian Societies of today. The mind grows to love and to accept a higher standard. The good of the past is retained, and the increase of the present is added to it till u righteousness shall flourish like the palm tree and grow like a cedar of Lebanon. ' A better care of the body, in its meats and drinks, and the departing from all unrighteous thoughts will accomplish very much in helping us on our return to the Lord from whom we have so unwisely gone astray. Religious bodies should hold up a light of which they need not be ashamed. ]f they are the children of God, the light of the world, then their light should illumine a path in which others can walk in safety, and in '- -pleasantness and peace.'