A SHAKER'S PRONUNCIAMENTO We, as Christian Communists and followers of the heaven-inspired Teacher- -, Jesus the Christ, our Elder Brother, make appeal that the heaven-born principles embodied in his beautiful evangel, testimony and life may be restored ; that genuine, practical and pentecostal Christianity may again prevail. Instead of fallowing our Great Exemplar in the regeneration, by a life of virgin purity and innocence, and an equal distribution in all temporal goods, we find you still on the selfish, Adamic plane- -in the line of generation- -fulfilling the lusts of the flesh. How demoralizing ! how inconsistent ! When the kingdom of God was first introduced, in all its purity and pristine glory, for many years was its influence felt for good, Avas appreciated and ac- knowledged by the people of that day ; since which it has been enshrouded in Anti-Christian darkness, its professed adherents palming off upon the human family a counterfeit; hence the alarming and distracted condition of society, in all its phases, throughout our land and the world, at the present age. As a people, we are the only true witnesses of practical Christianity as taught and promulgated by its God-Appointed Founder; hence the inspiration of the hour constrains us to sound the tocsin of alarm, and send forth this appeal for help to sustain the structure- -in other words, the cause for the redemption of the human fanrly. In view of what is already set forth, we beg of you, dear friends, one and all, to ponder well the signs of the times, to consider most deeply and solemnly whether this call is not worthy your most candid and immediate attention and special interest. The momentous day of the Lord is upon us, when the vail ts to 1'- -e be MOVED FROM ALL FACES. See Isaiah XXV., 7- -1). All things considered, let us all most devoutly and earnestly desire a fresh baptism of the Infinite Spirit from on high, that we may all heed the responsibilities resting upon us, remembering that the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the violent taketh it by force. From the conservatism of the present day, we find it extremely difficult for truth to have its sway. We could go into long and labored arguments to convince you that our life and testimony, as embodied in the beautiful Evangel of Jesus, is the only panacea for all the ills of suffering humanity. At this writing we do not deem it wise to elaborate in this direction. Rest assured, dear friends, the foregoing hints are the promptings of a heart overflowing with love and Christian friendship to one and all. May you awake, without delay, to the importance of what is here presented, lest the very stones in your streets testify against you, in behalf of the truth, to your shame and everlasting disgrace. I wish to add that what is here written has been offered for publication to the so-called Christian and secular press, and beeu refused. How menial, low and servile has the press become ! Alas, how lamentable the moral cowardice of the age ! Ciiakles Clapp. Union I lUage, Ohio. From World's Advance- Thought.