'GOOD AND BAD HABITS.' ASENATH C. STICKNEY. While reading the above named title I could hardly help exclaiming: llow forcibly yet truthfully the writer lias depicted facts with which we are all more or less acquainted ! Indeed how habits grow upon one especially bad ones, and how often they seemingly fetter every faculty of body and mind. In my opinion the secret of growth ill this regard lies in repetition. A repetition of thoughts, words or deeds in any given direction gradually but surely tend toward fixed habits, which, like some poor captive's chain, is wrought link by link till it is strong enough to secure its victim. Let us look at this subject in its most practical light for our own benefit. Does not the desire for petty excitement or sensational delights constantly indulged create a habit of gossiping? and does not the habitual gossip ripen into the habitual slanderer? We think so. So also an untidy person becomes thus by repeated neglects in the common details of daily duties essential to cleanliness. The results of these repeated neglects is a habitiir.1 uukept personal appearance, which too often becomes the central figure of slatternly surroundings. 'Many people suppose that they can drop a bad habit any time they choose' says the writer, but I am not one of those who thus believe. On the contrary, I think it must take as long to eradicate a bad habit as it took to form one,. aud therefore I would advise every youth to watch carefully every tendency of thought and action, to see if these repeated will ripen into worthy friends or not for 'Happy is the man whose habits are his friends. ' Age and experience may also be benefited as they reread the record of the past, if they but try to discover the many unwelcome habits which need to be canceled by a more rigid self-denial here, and.a more willing sacrifice there of unheavenly selfish conditions, for so true it is, that a repetition of acts, not of years, fashions the habits which, blight or bless our usefulness. Canterbury, N. H.