A PERIL TO OUR HOMES . Our safety as a people pivots on the sanctity of our homes. The sanctity of our homes can be guarded only by intelligent and unremitting watchfulness. A present peril to our homes which is liable to be overlooked, but which can hardly be over estimated in its possibilities of evil, is in the average daily newspaper of our American cities. That peril needs to be recognized as a peril in order that its perilous consequences may in some way be averted. Again and again the Christian public sentiment of this country has been aroused against some special form of evil agency for the misleading of the young, and for the debauching of the moral sense of the community. Dime novels, obscene books and prints, sensational ' flash ' newspapers, and exceptionally indecent theatrical shows, have in turn come under the ban of the better class of well-disposed citizens, and are now stigmatized as moral nuisances- -even if still unabated- -to be dreaded and shunned by those who would keep ^themselves and their loved ones pure. But to-day the average daily newspaper of our larger cities is even more pernicious in its influence than any or all of these agencies of impurity, in its disgusting details of crime and of shameful conduct, displayed conspicuously and offensively before its ordinary readers. Indeed, there is, perhaps, at the present time, no more insidious and effective a destroyer of the innocent purity of the average Christian home than the average daily newspaper, which brings its vile contents to the sight of many who have not been warned against its obnoxious features. Of course, not all city dailies conform to the standard of the average city daily. There are daily papers in our larger cities, the contents of which are scrupulously guarded with a view to the purity of the homes they enter. These are honorable exceptions to the ordinary rule. They do not need to be mentioned by name, any more than do the papers of the opposite extreme. Any intelligent observer can see for himself to which class belongs any paper into which he looks but casually. But the objectionable papers do include many which are of an extended circulation, of large political influence, and which are edited with conspicuous ability. All this, however, makes them only the more dangerous to the home; because it gives them a good name, and a standing calculated to disarm suspicion as to their pernicious influence. It is not that the newspapers make necessary mention of crimes and of other evil doings in their records of the events of the passing time. There would be no special exception taken to this course. But it is that they give an undue and an unseemly prominence to the sensational display of the disgusting details of foul crimes and of indulgings in vice, where no good object is thereby to be gained and where the only apparent purpose is the pandering to a depraved taste and a prurient curiosity. To such an extent is this unworthy practice now carried that some cf the more ' enterprising' city dailies expend money freely in order to lay before their readers every morning the latest disclosures of some criminal scandal or some infamous divorce trial, in the courts beyond the sea; expanding in their columns the specific portraiture of obscene transactions and the explicit narration of shameless words and ways, which are utterly beyond the limits of common decency, and which no pretence can bring within the bounds of reputable journalism. This evil is seemingly on the increase; and it is already a question whether any details of vice could be sufficiently foul and abhorrent to insure the exclusion of their full description from the pages of the average city daily. The specious apology which the culpable editors make for this indecent display of disgusting details of vice and crime in their columns is that their readers are interested in the obscenity thus presented ; and that it is supplied, not because the editors deem it fit to be read, but because the readers have sufficiently low tastes to be gratified with its loathsomeness. Thii plea is, of course, only an aggravation of the offence itself; for it is an implied admission of the editor's willing. ness to prostitute his position and powers to the demands of the populace, regardless of the right or wrong of those demands. It suggests a readiness to do what is found to be profitable rather than to do what is known to be right. A similar plea to this is put forth in behalf of every form of evil doing. The vilest panderers to human lust have the excuse of ministering to those who want to be ministered to in that way. No man is worthy to be editor of any journal whatsoever who has no higher standard of right than the depraved morals and tastes of the more viciously inclined among his readers. An editor ought to be an educator of the community, and a leader in good; not a pupil of vice, and a follower of evil. He who says he will give a place in his columns to whatever details of indecency his readers will tolerate and enjoy is confessedly unfit to be an editor, and is deserving of the reprehension and contempt o; the well-disposed in the community. The evil of this daily newspaper pollution needs to be fully recognized as an evil, in order that something be done in the direction guarding against its extension into our better regulated Christian homes: even if it cannot yet be suppressed as an evil. Action toward ts restraining might, indeed, very properly be initiated by the Society for the Suppression jf Vice. If additional legislation be needed n order to secure this restraining, steps toward the required enactments should s-peediy be taken. Meanwhile there ought to be no question about the position which every person of common decency and of fair morality akes with reference to this chiefest peril to our homes to-day. There is one thing that every intelligent Christian man can do, and ought to do, in this emergency ; and that is to keep out of his lome every newspaper the contents of which are calculated to defile the mind and pollute ;he sense of the purest members of his .lousehold. No matter how prominent the paper may be, or how much ability [be displayed in its management, if it be one of these foul and filthy sheets, let him shut it from his house as be would the germs of pestilence, or the fumes of an uncleansed sewer. It would be better to live and die without the news of the day than to find that news only in a paper which is shamelessly edited, and which would force before the pure mind of an unsuspicious reader the abhorrent details of vile sayings and doings which ought not so much as to be named among persons of common decency. If the average city editor will load his columns with all the filth which he finds his readers are disposed to tolerate, see to it that he has no countenance from your support. Shut your eyes against his columns, and shut your home door against his newspaper. Anything short of this, is short of your personal duty in the premises. Sunday School Times.