The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker, No. 15. Published expressly for the several Communities of Believers in 1S1G. Re-written by Henry C. Blinn. Mother Ann and the Elders visit the towns of Norton, Stonington, Preston and other places. While the Believers in Harvard were suffering at the bauds of cruel persecutors, Mother Ann and the Elders were holding religious services in Woburn. After closing the meetings in this place, they pass on to the town of Norton, and make their home with William Morey about one week. Their next visit is with Morrell Baker of Rehoboth, where they remain over the Sabbath, and then return to Norton. They remain in this vicinity some three weeks. Meetings are held, the several families of Believers are visited and the testimony of life and peace is presented to the world. From Norton they pass on to Stonington, Ct., and dwell at the house of Joshua Birch. For three weeks they held meetings and preached, prayed and sung, and conversed upon gospel truths with all who came to see them. In this work they were liberally aided by the several families of Believers. The gospel of Jesus Christ was the subject upon which they preached, by which they could show that the present manifestation of the work of God required1 an honest confession of sin, and then power to forsake it. Those who would follow Christ in the regeneration, must take up a full cross against the lusts of the flesh, and the pride of this life. To some of the people this doctrinewas very distasteful, especially to that class that wished to be Christians without bearing the cross of Christ. Many were so bound down by old traditions that they could not endure to have their false foundations uncovered, nor to have their sins exposed before the light of gospel truth. In this the words of the Apostle become verified. 'All that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.' Not only did the Believers suffer from cruel persecutions, but were often disturbed by busy-bodies and mischiefmakers. Simeon Brown of Stonington, the son of a Baptist minister, was one of the last class. In company with others, he would visit the place of worship and threaten and revile the worshipers. One of the company by the name of Minor was very free with his threatening language, and ordered the Believers to leave the town within twenty-four hours, or he would not be responsible for the consequences. As the Believers had already arranged tto leave the town of Stonington on Friday, the threats did not surprise them nor produce much fear. Near the close of the month of Oct. 1782, Mother Ann and the Elders reached Preston, and wrere entertained at the home of Elias Brown. The Elders were treated with marked consideration and kindness. - - From this place they pass to the town of Windham, and by request, call at the residence of a friend by the name of Abbey. Although he was not a believer in the faith preached by the Elders, he said his house was open, and gave them a most cordial welcome. This manifestation of peculiar kindness was so different from the treatment which they had received in some places that the Elders felt as did Jesus on his visit to Zacheus. 'This day has salvation come to this house. ' Public worship was held on the Sabbath before a large assembly, and the gospel preached with great plainness, and the necessity of confessing and forsaking all sin was clearly presented. The impossibility of following Christ without a full and final cross against the life of generation was declared with such plainness that the congregation gave marked attention. Several accepted the faith and became members of the church. Quite a number of the Believers who had come to see Mother Ann and the Elders, now returned to their own homes. The meetings at this place were closed and the Elders continue their journey to Stafford, and call at the house of Ezekiel Slate, who with all his family, had at an earlier date, embraced the testimony. A few days were spent in teaching and encouraging the Believers, but a class of malicious characters, from the town of Somers, learned of their presence and formed a combination to take them by force, while passing through Somers to the home of David Meacham in Enfield, Ct. David, however, learned of the design of this mob violence and informed the Elders of the fact. Upon further consideration, Mother Ann and the Elders concluded to travel as they had arranged, and accept the consequences. Calvin Harlow and David Meacham were on horseback, while Mother Ann, Mary Partingtcn and a brother were in a carriage. They passed through Somers without being molested, but were pursued by some thirty men on horseback. This company arrived at the home of David Meacham soon after the Believers had entered the dwelling. Captain Kibbee was their recognized leader. As might be expected of a body of riotous characters, they soon broke into the house and a reckless, savage violence marked all their actions. They demanded the .presence of Mother Ann, but the family paid no attention to their threats. Supposing that Mother Ann was in an upper chamber, they began to force their way by beating the Brethren and Sisters and dragging them in the most cruel and shameful manner from the house. Mary Partington was forcibly carried out and placed upon a horse, in front of one of the men. His attempt to carry her away, however, did not succeed. The man was unhorsed and Mary was again allowed to return to the house. Iu this affray David Meaeham was knocked down aud severely wounded. While the company were bewildered in this confusion, Mother Ann passed to an upper room without harm. With the screaming and crying and praying the captain of the mob became frustrated and instead of reaching the upper rooms, he and his party left the house. John Booth, a constable of the town of Enfield now appeared and commanded the peace. At the same time he threatened the mob with the severity of the law for their riotous conduct. As these reckless characters were acting without law, they would not listen to the officer and in turn threatened to burn the house before morning. The constable was so offended at this treatment that he came the next morning with other officers and requested information of the violence and also the names of the rioters. In a few days they were summoned before the court at Hartford, Ct., and required to settle the matter with David Meaeham, or stand trial and suffer the penalty of the law. The leaders soon called upon David to learn upon what conditions he would settle the case. David replied,- -' I do not want your money, nor do I wish to see you in prison ; but if you will make a public confession of your conduct in your own church, according to the requirements of your own religion, I will be satisfied.' Although the leading rioters were professors of religion, and members in good standing in the church, these terms were quite too humiliating to their pride. They preferred to stand trial and were fined by the court, in a sum proportioned, as the judges supposed, to the enormity of the crime. One of the company, subsequently, came to the Believers and made confession of his wicked conduct and asked their forgiveness. This was the last act of the mobs and of the riotous proceedings against the Believers in the state of Conn. Elder William Lee and Elder James Whittaker did not arrive till after the mob had dispersed. The Believers remained with David a few days aud then crossed the Connecticut river at New Providence and tarried four days with Joseph Bennett. Public service was held on the Sabbath and largely attended.