Cast not dirt into the... AMELIA J. CALVER. Cast not dirt into the well that has given thee water-' To fully understand the worth of this plain Oriental maxim, we must go with the traveler over the arid wastes, aud sandy deserts of the East, where with only a stinted measure, is the life-preserving blessing of water given to the inhabitants of that sterile land. Imagine yourself, toilworn and weary, famishing with thirst, often deceived by the tantalizing mirage, at last nearing the fertile oasis, where the water is sure, and life again seems worth the living, in anticipation of reviving chaughts from the spring, the clear depths of which reflect the scattered sunbeams, dancing among the leaves of the miniature palms fringing its borders. But alas ! on nearing its coveted retreat, you see foot-prints of all sizes. A caravan has just moved on, leaving behind them only tokens of selfish ingratitude ; for after fully assuaging their thirst, forgetting at once their former sufferings, either the wanton plays of childhood, or the maliciousness of maturer age, have cast turf, dirt, and stones, into the once clear basin, which is now only a turbid pool; and probably such an instance caused this reproach : ' Cast not dirt into the well that has given thee water,' which ripening into a proverb, holds volumes in its meaning. Take it. for instance in the friendships of. life, how easy it is to cast dirt into the well that has given us water. A wise man once said, 'If you have a friend who guards your interests, even though he weighs you with impartial justice, cherish him, for such gifts are rare;' while Solomon says, 'The mouth of the righteous is as a well of life.' But do we not often forget to discriminate between that friendship, which like the bubbling spring, comes from the innermost recesses of the heart, giving nothing but the pure exhilarating waters of life, and that which at one draught we can drain the cup, to find ourselves intoxicated by its seeming strength, a relapse from which, demands a repetition of the same, until the relish for the pure elixir of life is destroyed, and in our revels, we are ready to cast aside true friendship for that effervescence, which leaves us at last to perish on the plain ; and too late we find that we have cast in dirt into a well that has given us water. Still a broader illustration. As 'waters in the wilderness' as 'springs in the desert' have always those efforts of humanity been compared, which consolidates good, to form homes, bands, societies, where all needing, or choosing united virtue, might find a haven of rest; of working rest, where they too, may be enabled to cultivate the oasis in the desert, which contains the wells of salvation; that other travel-worn pilgrims who would quench their thirst, might gather in safety. Such is our home. Its original principles, unalloyed by the waywardness of selfish human nature, strengthened, *as they should be, by increasing growth from age to age, are as life to the famishing, healing to the sin-sick, and strength to the worker ; and shall we in our childish ignorance, or thoughtless ingratitude, cast dirt into the well that has given us water? When we hear those of mature age, throwing the blame of their own undeveloped lives upon the society under whose shadow they have been protected from many severe conflicts of life, are we not led to suppose that they have cast so much dirt into their well, that the waters have muddied their lives. When we find that all the love we have for our home is its ' loaves and fishes,' its gatherings of material comforts, unwilling to turn from our beaten track for the comfort of our surrounding friends; shirking the burden of adding to the mental or spiritual growth of our home, can we feel that we acquit ourselves honorably in the duty of guarding the fountain that others may drink of the waters pure, as has been given us. Again if we find in ourselves a willingness to support parties or factions, by sly intrigue or open slander, are we not rendering so muddy the life element of our home, that many, seeking, will turn from it in disgust. Wealth may be ours, fame may be ours, but unless we are cemented by the pure, spiritual Christian love, which controls every passion, banishes all enmity and contention, our association will crumble like sand-houses on the beach, when the tides of time wash over them, for it is indeed true, that 'religion is the cement of all society.' Let these reflections be ours who were placed by this well of salvation in early life. We have witnessed its benefits on those who have been made the counterpart of angels by its cleansing waters, and have tasted enough ourselves to know that its properties are sufficient to heal all infirmities of the spirit, if unadulterated by selfish, perverse human nature. O what responsibilities are ours ! to guard these waters from contending parties for worldly gain, to rescue the pure spring in the wilderness from the encroaching walls of selfishness, to widen its borders that ail may partake, without money or price. This is done by a strict surveillance each over our own individual lives, that it need not be said of us, that our influence lowers the moral or spiritual tone of society. The waters that have redeemed can redeem again, and let us who have proved their efficacy, so unite to guard their sacred flow, that none can cast dirt into the well that has given us water. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.