THE NEW WORK. JOSEPH H. WOODS. The Lord hath promised to create a new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness, and that the former shall not be remembered no come into mind, consequently, all the works of the old heavens and earth are of necessity excluded from the new. The Apostle Peter says, by the word of God, Gen. i. The heavens were of old and the earth standing out of the water and in the water whereby the world that then was, perished, being'overflowed with water ; but the heavens and earth which are now, are reserved unto fire against the day of judgment, and perdition of ungodly men. That day of the Lord, lie says, shall come as a thief in the night, synonymous with the words of Jesus. Behold I come as a thief in the night, in which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also and the works therein shall be burnt up. We, according to this promise, look for a new heavens and a new earth wherein dwelleth righteousness. The Revelator saw a new heavens and a now earth, for the first heavens and the first earth were passed away, and there was no more sea and He that sat upon the Throne said, 'Behold I make all things new.' No more sea, no place in the new heavens and new earth for the works of generation ; the works of the first Adam, the old heavens ; sensual appetites and passions have passed away with a great noise. The elements of carnal man have been melted with fervent heat. The earthly man, see Jno. iii., 31, with his earthly works, see James, iii., 14, 15, shall be burnt up. The Apostle Paul says, I beseech you by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto Cod and let not sin reign any longer in your mortal bodies. If the spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead, shall quicken your mortal bodies, by his spirit that dwelleth in you. An individual having put off the body of the sins of the flesh, aud put on the Lord Jesus Christ, presenting his body a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, and no longer allowing sin foreign therein, so that he walks daily in newness of life ; such bodies bear a very near relationship to the new heavens and earth wherein dwelleth righteousness. The Lord has said, The old heavens and earth shall not be remembered nor come into mind. Canterbury, N. H.