My dear Shaker friends; I wish that the... North Falmouth, Maine. March 4, 1887. My Dear Shaker Friends ; I wish that the Manifesto might be put into every family in the world, the principles it advocates are so pure and so charitable, so comforting to the weary and sin laden, who are longing to live a purer and higher life. Could they only see the beauty and holiness of the Believer's order, they would embrace it witli thankfulness. Yea with thankful hearts. There is a germ of spiritual truth, planted in many souls, who are kept in spiritual darkness by the ' Lo here and lo there.' Could the pure principles of Believers, be laid before them, it would be a 'l Morning Star, ' a harbinger of the coming morning, when the Sun of Righteousness, shall arise and dispel the darkness, that shrouds them almost completely at the present moment. Although the Shakers are few in number when compared with other churches or denominations, yet the pure principles of your Society are permeating all classes of people to-day more than all others. The Lord be praised ! May these glorious truths, which you preach and which are carried out in your every day lives, live, and may you dear Brothers and Sisters be filled with the love of God, that ' perfect love which casteth out all fear ' and enables you to say, as did our blessed Lord and Master, ' thy will not mine be done.' With these few lines, accept my love and kind regards for yourself and all your people ; the words I have here written are true and in the sincerity of my heart I send them to you. Do with them as it pleases you, I am willing all the world should know the sentiments of my soul. I have taken the Manifesto regularly, ever since the publication of the first little paper ' The Shaker. ' I then subscribed for the first copy, which 1 received from the hand of a Christian Brother, Elder Otis Sawyer, it has been my daily food ever since, and has brought me many blessings. He has since gone to his happy reward, but his precious memory, I cherish, still. The Manifesto is a feast. Your friend and brother in Christ, Archelaus Lewis.