CHRISTIAN COMMUNISM. NO. 3. [TAKEN FROM THE CINCINNATI POST.]Ulder Goepper tells of the Philosophy of Shakerism. But I mistake. There was also a clock. Blessings on the man who first invented clocks. They are the most sociable, companionable machines in the world. It is the only machine in the worM that lives with you. It never scolds, never frets, never stews, never gets angry nor impatient nor worried nor flustered. It goes cheerfully on its contented way of life, keeping regular hours, never dissipating, never fooling away any time, always contented and peaceful and happy, never offering advice, yet never refusing information. It is just the same serene, quiet old friend from day to day whether it rains or shines or snows or blows or freezes. It is industrious. It is persevering. It is truthful. It is unselfish. It is humble. It is unobtrusive. In fact, a good clock is a whole Christian example. That is what a good clock is everywhere. But there, in that peaceful, prompt, industrious Shaker community, it is a good deal more. It is, probably unknown to them, one of the two emblems of the whole society. If the Shakers ever shall grow proud and want a coat of arms to brand on their broom handles it should be a broom and a clock addorsed. My clock was the long, gentle kind, that ticks about once a second. That is the only kind to have. These short, energetic, irascible, distracting clocks going rippety-clip, ten furious, strident beats to the second, rushing ahead regardless, as if eternity was just leaving the dock and the chances were against their making the gang-plank, are an aggravation to a quiet soul. My clock was the Yankee sister of the one in the hall, and of the one which hung in the next room, occupied by 'Brother Peter' Boyd, now past eighty years old. He winds and regulates all the clocks in 'the office,' and so nicely adjusted does he keep them, that while I was there his clock and mine were not three seconds apart in striking, and that difference he explained was due to the unusual fire in my room which by its heat had infinitesimally elongated the pendulum of my clock, making it lose the least trifle. I say the clock is an emblem of the Shaker community, because everything goes on time. All the meal times are exact to a minute Everybody is in bed and the houses closed at eight in the evening. Promptness, absolute punctuality is a sine qua non of a successful community. As certainly as an army without discipline would degenerate into a mob, so certainly would a community without punctuality fall into wasteful idleness. I spoke of the broom as another emblem of the Shakers. Its manufacture is one of their favorite industries, and they have more ways of making it useful than are known to the outside world. They never disgrace it by. making it stand behind the door, as if it were responsible for the untidy litter about the house. The Shaker broom is always hung up against the wall when not in use. They put a clean white cotton hood on some of their brooms, and when thus equipped use them to dry-polish their smooth hard wood floors and to remove the last trace of dust from the hard and shining surface. At the very bountifully supplied supper table I met about ten hired men and the school teacher. In the evening I had a call from 'Eldor Leopold' Goepper, a man of great force and originality of thought and character. He may not take so much stock in the religious feature of the institution, but sets great store by the philosophical merits of the system. He is sixty years old, but you would not think him over forty-five. He came to this country from Strasburg, Germany, when nine years old. He has been a tanner, a physician, a farmer and always a student and thinker. 'The ideal community,' said Elder Leopold to me as we both sat about the cheery little wood-stove in my room that cold evening, ' is based upon the fact that the human family is a unit, and the unit cannot be perfect till every constituent factor of that unit shall be perfect. The perfection of each factor consists in, and is the result of, laboring for the common good. And just in proportion as he is able to do that exclusive of all individual and selfish considerations, in that proportion will this individual human factor of the collective human unit promote his own well-being. Take an individual and place him by himself outside of society, and there is nothing to elevate his moral character. He could not develop under such conditions.' ''But I do not see why a member of your community may not be very unselfish in his relations with his fellow members of the community, and yet the community as a whole be very selfish and indifferent to the wants and needs of the outside world.' 'The fact that community life requires as its principal and essential condition that the individual shall sacrifice himself for the good of the community, and derive his happiness, not from selfish gratifications but from the peace, prosperity and happiness of the community, imposes upon the whole community the same characteristic state of feeling with reference to the whole human family, of which it is a part.' 'Well, now, in point of fact,' I persisted in asking, 'what has this community of Union Village done for the betterment of the world outside?' 'In the first place,' promptly replied Elder Leopold, 'it has maintained here for eighty years these institutions, and this better and happier mode of life, and has kept an open door of invitation to all the world to leave the selfish, competitive struggle and enter our peaceful, prosperous and happy community. The maintenance of such an example, and the honest and hearty tender of such an invitation for all these years is one good this community of Union Village has done. No man who ever lived here among us long enough to imbibe the spirit of the institution was ever satisfied after he went out. We have never found an instance of a man who here among us has laid his selfishness aside who was ever afterward satisfied in the world of selfish competition. 'In the second place,' continued Elder Leopold, 'we have raised hundreds of children under the careful moral influence and Christian training of our institutions; and those which were not so depraved by nature that they could not be helped, here received the benefit of this pleasant home and of this moral training. Many of them have left and gone into the world, but they always speak of this place as home, and manifest in the world much of the unselfishness they learned among us. In the third place avo have established and maintained for eighty years a character and reputation for honesty, truthfulness, integrity, purity and kindness which has made the Shaker name respected wherever it is known. 'I tell you, ' added Elder Leopold, enthusiastically, 'when one has lived community life long enough to learn its release from the care and responsibility and struggle of the competitive fight outside, he ceases thereafter to be able to live comfortably any other life. ' The community life is the normal condition of man, and lies at the basis of the social organization of Christianity.' 'I understand it to be an indispensable requisite in your community life that open confession of all one's sins and meannesses be made by the men before an elder and by the women before an eldress; what is the necessary relation of that requirement to the communal system as you practice it?' 'That simply means,' replied Elder Leopold to my inquiry, 'that a man among us must so live and act, and even learn to think, as to realize that he must neither do nor think anything, whether seen or not that he would not be willing the whole world should know. He must purify himself from the core out, and it is a life work. In our relations toward each other between the sexes every individual is expected to school himself so as not to recognize any sex. His conduct must be in all respects such as is proper between Brethren and Sisters in Christ.' 'Do you want your numbers to increase,' I asked, 'and if so, what missionary work are you doing to that end, and what arc your expectations in regard to it?' 'Some of us differ in regard to that. My own judgment is that just so fast as the competitive world crowds itself against the wall, and is thereby compelled to look forborne better system, in that proportion will people be led to recognize the community principle, and just as fast as people learn to recognize it and to look for it, in that proportion will we expect an increase in our numbers, and not otherwise. In the line of missionary work we have published books and panr phlets, and are issuing a monthly journal called The Manifesto, from one of our Eastern societies. We also issue tracts of various kinds. There has been some missionary work done in the East by individuals going out to lecture in New York, Philadelphia, Boston, Albany, and even some have gone to England.' 'If it be a fair question to ask, What, in your judgment, are the defects and hindrances in your system here, for no earthly thing or scheme is absolutely perfect, and every living thing and every living system is bound to change as time goes on. Changelessness argues death.' 'I will say in the first place that the community is changing and has changed more in the ten years that I have been here than it has changed in the thirty years previous. The chief defects that our community is laboring under- -and now I am only giving you my opinion- -are relies of its theology, that were brought in with it in its formation, with regard to certain forms of worship ; but these do not, however, hinder an individual from living here his highest and most perfect conception of goodness. 'These forms may even have their uses for some, and no doubt, do. But I have small use for the forms of religion. I consider all formal religion fetichism. My life, my everyday acts and thoughts are my religion.' In my next and concluding letter I want to give some idea of the habits and modes of life of this remarkable community. Theo. Kaiakdbi.