Higher Views of the Family Relation, OLIVER C. HAMPTON. It is generally admitted, that the perfection, stability and permanence of the Government and prosperity of a Nation has its origin in that of the family. In so iar as the conduct and government of the families in a Nation are perfect in the same degree, it is held, will the Nation itself be so in its conduct and government. This family arrangement includes Father, Mother, Son and Daughter, and derives its Origin from Wisdom and Love the primal principles (male and female) of our Universal Father and Mother (one spirit) who is in Heaven. The Christ of the Universe including Son and Daughter are also to be reckoned in this Parental Category. No doubt these views regarding the private families in a Nation are true, as every thing must be of the character of the parts of which it is composed. And it is necessary and important that Parents study and practice the best modes of manipulation by which to render their families in the highest degree serviceable to the Nation at large. But there is a Spiritual Parentage of far higher import and covering ground of far higher glory and perfection than the very highest state attainable by any or all families on the rudimental plane of animal existence. This has sometimes been denominated the family of Christ. Considered in its largest meaning it includes not only Humanity on this our planet, but all Intelligences in all worlds. As a hen gathereth her brood under her wings, so this Heavenly Parentage gathereth all Angels and Arch-angels all saints and all sinners within the Fold of its Divine Economy ;- -under the wings of its Infinite goodness and charity. It is back of all development and moves us on from glory to glory and from perfection to perfection from the start. The Christ of the Universe- -the Divine Son and Daughter, emanate from the Divine Father and Mother and complete the Divine Parentage. Their mission is to project iuto objective form and systematic order and arrangement, the thoughts of God (the Infinite Father and Mother.) They are the Incarnated Word, which the beloved apostle John declared, 'was made flesh and dwelt among men.' This unspeakable boon, this incarnated word was represented by Jesus and his successors in the Pentecostal Church, and during that dispensation was the visible medium or order through which mankind could and did find and enjoy salvation from sin, and Brotherly Love and self-abnegation for the benefit of Brethren and Sisters. But the ghastly ignorance of mankind and the terribly abject condition in which woman was held, precluded all possibility of the representation of the mission of the female at that time. Our spiritual Mother however, appeared and claimed her place and mission in the Divine Economy about one hundred years ago and now the Incarnated Word in its complete order and systematic arrangement and organization is consummated. The Lamb and the Bride have made themselves ready, and invite mankind to the feast of good things, a,nd to the higher planes of progress. The Pentecostal system of church organization has been supplemented and perfected in this latter Dispensation by superadding to the requisitions of celibacy and community of goods, another of grand and unspeakable value and Almighty magnitude and importance (viz.) that of admitting to woman an equal share in the parental government and manipulation of the affairs of the church in all matters Temporal, Intellectual- -Spiritual of our life and existence as an Institution. Our church therefore under the panoply of these eternal principles of organization is ready and able to lead its votaries into all degrees of evolution and progress;- -into all that is high, holy, pure and happy. To this glorious privilege we most earnestly invite all who are seeking a sinless life of peace, purity and love to come and share with us the joys of a Heaven here, and eternally hereafter. Union Village, 0.