Respected friend: It is not from lack of appreciation... Shaker Village, Mer. Co., N. H. April 1887. E. V. HlGGINS, Respected Friend :- -It is not from lack of appreciation of your kind interest, but from sickness in the family that 1 have so long delayed to reply to your letter. Thank you for the papers, they were quite interesting. You ask if there are any Seventh Day Adventists near me. I do not know of any within about forty miles, but am somewhat acquainted with their faith, having read many of their publications. You say the signs are fast fulfilling. As I understand the Scriptures as compared with history, the prophetic times are all fulfilled, the last period of waiting having expired in seventeen hundred ninety two. I believe that Christ is already manifested the second time, not the man Jesus, but Christ, the Anointing spirit. Not in regal pomp or splendor does he come, for this is not God's manner of dealing with man, as witness the parables, 'a grain of mustard seed,' 'alittle leaven,' 'a hidden pearl,' all of which proves that the kingdom of God has its origin out of sight of the haughty and worldly wise of earth. 'The Lord whom ye seek shall suddenly come to his temple.' Mai. iii., 1. Where shall we find the temple of God? Paul says, 'What! know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Spirit.' 1 Cor. vi., 17, and again, 'Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you.' 1 Cor. iii. 10. Paul also says that '' woman is the glory of the man.' 1 Cor. ii., 7. We also read that Christ should come in his glory. That he has so come, many witnesses can now testify, for they are saved from sin in the present time. He was manifested in a chosen female, who with her Lord constitute the parentage of the '' New Creation of Grod.' As the old creation could not be complete without both a father and mother, no more could the new, of which the old was a type. This testimony is very humiliating and pridestaining to the carnal mind, but that alters not the purpose of our God, who has promised to stain the pride and glory of the humau heart. I belong to the Church of 'Believers in Christ's second appearing,' more commonly called 'Shakers.' This church was established in seventeen hundred ninety two, at which time the prophetic dates expired. Concerning our calculation of those numbers I will write if you desire to know. The twelve Christian virtues are the foundation pillars of the church, namely, Faith, Hope, Honesty, Continence, Innocence. Simplicity, Meekness, Humility, Prudence, Patience, Thankfulness and Charity. These with the seven moral principles of Duty to God: Duty to man ; Separation from the world ; Practical peace : Simplicity of language : Right use of property and a Virgin life form the base of our institution. All of these we are striving by the grace given us to manifest in our daily lives, else we do not experience a present salvation, and one in the future we never realize. Hope I have answered your inquiry to your understanding. If you should wish to inquire further, you are at liberty so to do. We have some standard publications, as, ' Testimony of Christ's Second Appearing,' a volume of over six hundred pages, also a 'Summary view of the Millennial Church or United Society of Believers,' of three hundred pages, and others. Respectfully, Nancy G. Danforth,