Books and Papers Primary Fridays No. 3 The Story without an end Mayflower School songs Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Fridays No. 3. Original and selected recitations for the little ones. The Interstate Publishing Company, Chicago and Boston. Price 25 cents. The skill displayed in the selection of these beautiful little poems is worthy of the highest commendation. There is not a single worthless selection in the book. Mothers and primary teachers will find them admirably suited for recitation by the little tots. They are all for the very youngest children. The Story Without an End, by J. C. Pickard. The Interstate Publishing Co., Chicago and Boston. Price 6 cents. School Songs.- -Primary Nos. 1, 2, 3 combined, consisting of new and pretty melodies for primary schools. 96 pages. Price, 25 cents. Chicago and Boston: The Interstate Publishing Company. This little book is filled with the sweetest melodies adapted to the choicest words. Any primary teacher would be delighted with it. Nothing seems so essential to a good primary school as sweet, pretty songs, simple and easy for little children to sing. The songs in this book are all very easy, and yet there is the greatest variety. Most of them have been written expressly for this collection by wellknown teachers, such as Wm. W. Keays, George D. Herrick, Kate L. Brown and II. W. Fairbank. Ellen M. Cyr contributes several pages of 'blackboard music,' and Annie' Chase half a dozen or more excellent 'Motion Songs.' The book is divided into three parts, any one of. which may be obtained in manila covers at half the price of the three in one. THE 1HAYTLOWEB, 4QrThe Congregational Sunday School &amp; Publishing Society began with this year the publication of a four-page weekly for youngest readers in the primary department of our Sunday schools, the name of 'The Mayflower' being given it as appropriate to the 'Pilgrim' Series of publications for Sunday schools, of which it was to form a part. The Society has recently learned that a newspaper bearing the same name had for some years been published at Yarmouthport, Mass., by Mr; George Otis. This has led to a friendly correspondence, and Mr. Otis, with evident sympathy in the work of the Society, cordially acquiesces in the use which is made of the title, 'The Mayflower,' in connection with the juvenile publication above referred to. Acknowledgments are due to Mr'. Otis for his great courtesy in this matter, and it should be clearly understood that his right to the title* 'The Mayflower,' as applied to a newspaper, is in no way affected by this use which is made of it, with Ms knowledge and consent,, by the Congregational S. S. &amp; Pub. Society. Mr. Otis's 'Mayflower' is an attractive weekly paper (secular) of eight pages, and is intended for the family. It has a large variety of reading matter adapted to old and young, is carefully edited, and its price, $1 per year, places it within the reach of many readers who cannot afford the higher-priced papers.- -[Congregationalist, May 26th, 1887. We understand correspondence is being had with Oliver Optic, James Otis, Horatio Alger, Jr., and other eminent writers for the young, in order to secure their interesting contributions for the Mayflower. The Mayflower will be sent on trial for two months for only ten cents. Try it. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health. June, Contents: Capt. Samuel Samuels; Familiar Talks with our Young Readers; The Christian Religion; J. W. Lowber; Dormant Ability; Our Corner Man; Wonderful Triplets; Reciproca Influence of Mind and Body; Mathematically One-Sided; Heredity; Leading Elements in Washington S'iciet}'; Health Papers,- -No.4.; Emergencies; Inebriety and its Cure, etc., etc. Fowler &amp; Wells Co., Publishers, 775 Broadway, New York