THE SHAKER MISSIONARIES. Arrival of elder Evans and his companions... Arrival of ELDER EVANS and His Companion in Glasgow on their Trip Abroad. We have received the following: To the Albany Journal:- -We have received letters from Elder F. W. Evans and brother James M. Peebles, giving an account of the voyage across the Atlantic, and their reception in Glasgow. It is some seventeen 3'ears since the elder, in company with J. M. Peebles, visited Great Britain. At that time they held a large number of meetings and sowed a good deal of Sha :er seed, which they are now cultivating, and we are in hopes of reaping a harvest in due time. Shakerism is not of such a fascinating character as to easily draw natural people to it. A daily cross and a life of virgin purity, with the crucifixion of the old man with all his affec- iions and lusts, is not very inviting, except to those whom the spirit has touched. It is very rare for people to move out of their old tracks until necessity drives them. Our ranks have been made up in some degree by those who felt the need of something to eat and a place to live. However, it is a poor gospel indeed if the soul and the future a' e all that are to be ministered to, leaving the bodily needs of the present life to take care of themselves. One of the greatest inducements of Shakerism is that the Shaker gospel gives all enough to eat and wear, and a place to live. A good wholesome meal and a nice clean bed is a mighty testimony to reach the hearts of some of the children of men; and sometimes through these means we enter the wedge that separates them from the world and lets the light of Christ into their souls. We expect that before long the mission of Shakerism to Great Britain will he consummated by the establishment of Shaker societies in England and Scotland, and be a sort of recruiting station for our societies in America. The English government has now progressed so far that the Shaker order will be welcome there. Respectfully, Daniel Offord. LETTERS FROM THE MISSIONARIES. Mount Lebanon, June 28. The following are the. letters received from the missionaries: Drummond's Temperance Hotel, 28 Glasgow Stbeet, Glasgow, June 14, Tuesday.- -Brother Daniel and JSldress Anna: Dear Friends : Knowing the anxiety you must have to know of the welfare of the elder, I write to you the first letter that I send backward over this three thousand miles waste of waters. The voyage seemed to me unusually rough and rainy and foggy. I did not enjoy it at all being deathly sea-sick two or three days; but the elder seemed to enjoy it, standing and withstanding the storms like an old oak upon the hill top. The crew might be called Babylon, made up of all professions nearly, including four or five preachers. The elder lectured one evening upon the principles of Shakerism, and it was like throwing a bombshell into a crowd; some were killed, some were wounded, some were convicted, and all were made to think upon the most important subject or subjects that can be brought before the minds of rational beings. Upon reaching Glasgow, there was a party of Spiritualists watching and waiting for us. I had met and lectured to these people seventeen years ago, and their faces looked familiar. We did not expect to meet them; it was a perfect surprise. They would not hear a word of our going to our hotel to even wash and look decent, and while we were pleading and parleying, Mr. Dugmid, a Spiritualist medium, slipped away, got a carriage, we were hustled into it, and whirled off to the residence of Mr. Robertson, where were awaiting us warm hearts, a fine large room, a well spread table of wholesome food, including good Graham bread. The repast over, people began to come in by ones and twos till the large room was well filled. ' Mine host ' Mr. Robertson then arose and in a very neat and pleasant speech introduced us. The elder replied in his happiest mood, and in his reply incidentally referred to Robert Burns, which so echoed along the shores of the spirit world, that soon two or three mediums were entranced, the spirits speaking finely of life immortal, as well as recognizing the mission of Elder Frederick to this country. The spirits say that they will help him in his mission- -a mission planned by heavenly intelligences. The beginning is grand, it seemed like a baptism- -a day or an evening of Pentecost. The elder seemed on fire- -the fire of enthusiasm and inspiration. To-morrow evening we attend a seance, and Sunday we are to hold a meeting in the spiritualists' hall. The elder cabled home last evening. You doubtless received it. His health is good- -as good as his grit to brave difficulties and do his work as a missionary. He and self send love to all. Most sincerely yours, J. M. Peebles. Elder Frederick writes... Elder Frederick writes: June, 14.- -James is unassuming, helpful and modest. But he is highly appreciated in England and Scotland. If you could have heard the blessing and thanks by some in the meeting, of the good they had derived from his 'Round the World ' and ' Homes in the Spirit Land, ' you would have realized what an influence for good he has exercised over thousands of minds. And he has done much to spread a correct knowledge of Believers. He will have his reward. It is in a practical, unselfish spirit- -an interest in gospel truth- - that he is with me in Scotland. F. W. E. Editor Manifesto: I have been repeatedly... Sonyea, N. Y. May 1887. Editor Manifesto :- -I have been repeatedly questioned by individuals, residents of your village and elsewhere in regard to .the position that we take as a religious society in reference to the temperance movement and what is our practice in regard to the use of spirituous and malt liquors ? In answer to such inquiries I would say that we take the ground of total abstinence in every case where it is possible. Liquor is used as a medicine only in very limited quantities by a very few. One of the principles taught by the founder of our Order was, 'Temperance in all things,'both in eating and drinking. Even the use of tobacco is discouraged, and very few use it. The writer was reared in the society from a small child and has never used intoxicating drinks or tobacco in any form whatever, and believes he has been benefited in both body and mind by such abstinence. We extend our hearty sympathy and support to the noble band of workers who are striving for the suppression of the evils of intemperance. And this brings another question that is repeatedly asked by our friends. 'Why do you not vote with us as well as pray for the success of the Temperance cause?' In reply to this I would state that as a religious body established on the principle of a community of interest in both temporal and spiritual things, it would be a disintegrating force that would cause more harm to us as a society than all the good we could possibly do by the use of the ballot. I think our friends will understand our reasons and respect us for striving to maintain our principles intact from forces that would teni to weaken and overthrow oue of the fundamental principles of the society. Hoping this will place us right before the public, I remain, Yours lvspectfully, Hamilton DeGraw.