THE CHANGED CROSS. It was a time of sadness and my heart Although it knew and felt the better part, Felt wearied with the conflict and the strife, All, all the needful discipline of life. And while I thought on these as given me, My trial test of faith and love to be, It seemed as if I never could be sure That faithful to the end I should endure. And thus no longer trusting to his might Who says, we walk by faith and not by sight, Doubting-and yielding almost to despair The thought arose. My cross I cannot bear, For heavier its weight must surely be Than those of others which I daily see; O! if I might another burden choose Methiuks 1 should not fear my crown to lose. A solemn silence reigned on all around, E'en nature's voices uttered not a sound, The evening shadows seemed of peace to tell And sleep upon my weary spirit fell. A moment's pause, and then a heavenly light Beamed lull upon my wandering, raptured sight, Angels on silvery wings seemed everywhere And angel's mnsic thrilled the balmy air. Then one more fair than all the rest to see, One to whom all others bowed the knee Came gently to me as I trembling lay And ' Follow me ' he said, ' I am the way ' Then speaking thus, he led me far above And there beneath a canopy of love, Crosses of diverse shapes and size were seen Larger and smaller than my own had been. And one that was most lovely to behold A little one with jewels set in gold; All this methought I can with comfort wear, For it will be an easy one to bear. And so the little cross I quickly took But all at once my frame beneath it shook. The spark'ling jewels fair they were to see, But far too heavy was their weight for me. This may not be, I cried, and looked again, To see if any here could ease my pain, But one by one I cast them slowly by Till on a lovely one I cast mine eye, Fair flowers around its sculptured form entwined, And grace and beauty seemed in it combined; Wondering I gazed and still I wondered more, To think so many should have passed it o'er. But O, that form so beautiful to see, Soon made its hidden sorrows known fo me Thorns lay beneath those flowers and colors fair, Sorrowing I said. This cross I cannot bear. And so it was with each and all around Not one to suit my need could there be found; Weeping I laid each heavy burden down As my guide gently said, ' No cross, no crown. ' At length to Him I raised my saddened heart, He knew its sorrows; bid its doubts depart, Be not afraid, he said, But trust in me My perfect love shall now be shown to thee, And then with lightened eyes and willing feet Again I turned my earthly cross to meet, With forward footsteps turning not aside For fear some hidden evil might betide. And there in the prepared appointed way, Listening to hear and ready to obey, A cross I quickly found of plainest form, With only words of love inscribed thereon. With thankfulness I raised it from the rest And joyfully acknowledged it the best, The only one of all the many there That I could feel was good for me to bear. And while I thus my chosen one confessed, I saw a heavenly brightness on it rest, And as I bent my burden to sustain, I recognized my own old cross again. But Oh! how different did it seem to be Now I had learned its preciousness to me; No longer could I unbelieving say, Perhaps another is a the better way. Ah, no ! henceforth my own desire shall be, That He who knows me best shall choose for me, And so whate'er his love sees good to send, I'll trust it best because he knows the end.- -Anon.