FAITH. ANDREW BARRETT. The Scriptures declare in many places that by faith we can lay hold of Omnipotent power. By faith all things are possible. Mark ix., 23. We claim to be the people of God, having accepted into our souls the second advent of the Christ spirit we are made able to live without sin unto full and perfect salvation. Yet for some cause not to the public explained we are realizing a decay in bodily strength of numbers even to do physical duty, and a far greater decay in the realization of that life-giving, spiritual and regenerating power that the followers of Christ when they lived up to the true standard always had in possession. ktAsk and it shall be given you, seek and ye shall find, knock and it shall be opened unto you. ' We claim these premises before God. But why is it when we ask we receive no answer, we seek but nothing is found, we kuock but the door remains shut? What is the matter? The promises of God are all true. Ah, faith, that eternal principle, the key that unlocks all mysteries, is lacking. 'Verily I say unto you he that believeth on me the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works shall he do because I go to my Father. And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name that will I do that the Father may be glorified in the son.' In the times of sternest trial the true followers of Christ look with faith to that Almighty Power that can give aid and certain relief to their wants aud necessities, and should we not Brethren aud Sisters, in this day of trial, have our faith anchored firmly in those eternal principles, knowing in God's own time he giveth aid aud help to those who ask aright. Faith has nothing to do with circumstances but rests solely on the Almighty power of God. Its answer does not come by some successful combination of events or stroke of good luck. It comes from God in his own way and through his own instrumentalities. The arm of flesh often faileth its nearest and dearest friends in days of trial. Riches sometimes take wing and leave the individual bankrupt and to the mercy of those who have stronger faith in more substantial things. A genuine faith holds fast, undis- turbed and persistent. While desire and hope will fluctuate and change, faith knows the answer will come. The child is ar example of faith in its simplicity, its rest is certainty. Give it the mere rudiments of knowledge about God, his works, his promises and his love as has often been manifested, and it will go to God with its small and large wants as readily as to its parent. And should we Brethren and Sisters, be wanting in this faith. While looking throughout our Zion and seeing the paucity of numbers that are willing or able to carry forward these blessed principles, how can we but exclaim,- -What is the cause of this falling away? Have we lost faith in that mighty Arm of strength that has held and sustt iued us as shining lights of truth and goodness to earth's inhabitants thus far? Alas, has the gold become dim and the most refined gold changed? As a vine in a fruitful field did our heavenly Father plant hid church. With the tenderest of care has he cherished it that it might bring forth fruits of righteousness. His language is, 'What more could I do to my church? But shall I say the vine is inclining to the earth aud entwining its tendrils around human support? Harvard, Mass.