THOU ART THE MAN [Contributed by Clarissa Jacobs.] There is room for all sorts of preaching; but the good preacher comes to the point which is, after all, personal. If the people are as good as they ought to be, let the preachers take a vacation until the people are not as good as they ought to be. If the people are not as good as they ought to be, let the preacher make them see it- -if in no other way by plainly saying 'I mean you.' This is the point. We are in great need of being thrust through and through with it until we are humbled into repentance. Dearly beloved pastors, please come to the point. The average church-goer has no idea that you mean him. You might preach to him for fifty years, pleasing him every Sunday, and yet never suggest to him that you are dealing with his sins and seeking the salvation of his soul. The kind of preaching wanted is that which will set men to asking 'What shall we do to be saved?' 'Who shall deliver me from the body of this death?' 'What good thing can I do t 5 inherit eternal life?' Your sermons go over their hearts, up to their heads. They enjoy it. Try hitting them in the old fashion, when m.-n 'were pricked in their hearts.' We don't say it is easy to do it. We only say it is necessary to do it. It is the art- -it is fast becoming a lost art, which every preacher should learn. How to make men dissatisfied with themselves, ashamed of themselves, sick of their frivolous and worldly lives- -it is your business to lear-i that. The devil can give them lessons in self-complacency. They can instruct themselves in having a pleasant and enjoyable meeting. What they need of you is another sort of influence, an influence which shall reveal their sin and need. They need it now, at once. They are growing in sin. They are on the way to the judgment. Come to the point. Be quick about it. They will die on your hands, unrepentant and unsaved, if you do not convince them of sin. Pointed, awakening preaching is the want of the time. We have all other good sorts in superfluity. This we are short of. Somehow the sinners get harder, or the shots of the pulpit get weaker or more aimless. Surely it is possible to do better, to hit the personal conscience. Try it. Pick out your sinner, and let fly this shaft: 'Thou art the man.' Selected.