ADDRESS TO YOUTH. DANIEL FRASER. By the good providences of God you have a privilege to see and hear of, and practice Christian principles. There are many who are educated in schools and colleges, and called Christians, who preach and pray, and yet have not begun to practice the first Christian principle. Indeed have not yet begun to practice the first just natural principle- -that is, to get an honest living with their own hands. Your opportunities to become truly learned greatly exceed theirs ; and if you receive the principles and truths of the gospel- -the glad tidings that Christ and Mother brought; and put them into practice in your every-day life- -in all your goings forth, you will become truly learned, and finally, you will be assured that in Christ Jesus is hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge. My object in writing to you is not to open up any branch of knowledge, but to point where some of the treasures of wisdom and knowledge may be found. The Old Testament is a wonderful book- -it contains a system of law adapted to the natural man which exceeds all other natural systems of human law; and portraitures of human character so truthful, and applicable to human conditions, that even after the lapse of three thousand years, they are still fresh, new and instructive. In the above respects, the Bible is without a parallel among books- -it is above and beyond them all. And of the New Testament, the parables alone are caskets of wisdom and knowledge, to say nothing of the great leading principles which underlie Christianity- -lived otit by the Savior and opened in his teachings. What can be more comprehensive, or fuller of simplicity than Christ's interview with the young man who came to him and kneeling, asked, 'What shall I do to inherit eternal life ? In a few words he conveyed to the young man, a knowledge of the work necessary to be done as a preparation to entering his kingdom. To' keet) the Moral Law- -that is. do nothing to injure others, and give his all, and himself to God. Then he would be in a condition to learn of Jesus. The reading of the parables as presented in the scriptures, is very much like unto a rich man having a casket of precious things, who comes along and shows you a nice box ; he opens it, and every little compartment is stored with jewels ; he shuts it up, and takes it away with him, and you are none the richer for what you have seen. So of the sayings of Jesus, you may read them, and get an outside understanding of them, but if you do not practice nor square your life by the contained teachings, you will not be any richer in heavenly things. Jesus spake from the life he lived, hence he was able to say 'the words that I speak unto you they are spirit and they are life. ' Now, if you will make his life your life, so in your degree, you will be able also to speak from your life. But if you fail to do so- -have not the life of Christ in you, you will be able to speak of natural things only, for out of the contents of the heart the mouth speaketh. It may be observed here, that all human beings have in them a two-fold life- - an inward or spiritual life, and an outward animal life. Before I close, perhaps I will say a few words on this subject. In the mean time I will open one of the caskets, on the outside is written the following words 'I will open my mouth in parables, I will utter things which have been kept hid from the foundation of the world'- -the natural man. Parable first. A sower went forth to sow his seed, and as he sowed some fell by the wayside and was trodden down, and the fowls of the air devoured them. And some fell on stony places, and forthwith the seed sprung up because there was but little depth of earth, and when the sun shone the plants withered. And some fell among thorns and the plants were choked. And some fell on o-ocd orouud and brought focth some one degree of fruit and others a greater measure. When Jesus had opened this casket, he said, l he that hath ears to hear, let him hear. ' He then shut the casket up, and took the treasure away with him, aud left the multitude to think about what might be the meaning of the parable. No doubt you would like to know the reason why Jesus did not explain it to them. He would have been well pleased to have done so, but he considered their state of preparation to hear his word, and wisdom forbade committing further knowledge to their keeping. And with pleasure he turned to his disciples and said, ' blessed are your eyes for they see, and your ears for they hear.' ' Hear ye therefore the parable of the sower. ' And he began to open to them its interior meaning, which you may read by turning to Luke, viii., 5. But before he began, he said, ' Many prophets and righteous men have desired to see what you see, and hear what you hear and have not heard them. ' To the language used by Jesus in explaining the first part of the parable, I would draw your attention. 'Those by the wayside are they who hear, then cometh the devil and taketh away the word out of their hearts.' Now how did the devil manage to take the good word out of their hearts ? they gave way to lightness- -'the fowls of the air devoured it.' Here we see that g-viug way to lightness in sacred things is an act of the devil. Young persons are greatly exposed to receive from their own hearts, and from others this spirit of lightness ; to many, it is just as natural to be light as it is to breathe, or in other words, they willingly work the works of the devil, and minister the same spirit of lightness to others and think nothing about it; aud that is the way the devil wishes his work to be done; do it and never think about it afterwards. Christ knowing how exposed souls are, said, ' Watch and pray that ye enter not into temptation ' that is, into the spirit of the evil one. The devil has the easiest access to young people through the avenue of lightness ; they think there is no great harm in it, and will actually sing the songs of Zion in a light careless sense. When a soldier is placed on guard, it is his duty to watch and see that no enemy goes over the line or gets a foothold in the camp. So of all the thoughts that enter your head, except you gather and keep the gift of self-examination you will find that the devil will enter your premises every day, and instead of you being a guard to keep out evil, you will be an avenue to receive and admit it. Without watchfulness and self-examination, you cannot progress a single inch- -without selfexamination you will stumble as you go every day ; not ouly so, but you will be a stumbling block in the way of others. A lack of the gift of self-examination is the reason why young people need so much laboring with. They do things from an inward pressure of evil. Against this pressure of evil a cross has to be borne. That is the reason why Jesus taught h's disciples to bear a daily cross ; and it is just the same with you today, as it was with the young disciples in Christ's day. And when he warned his disciples to watch and pray, in the course of his labors he added another word- -Pray aud faint not- -do not give up to the enemy. One of the reasons why youth do not examine themselves, is, because they do not want to change. They want to be the same kind of persons that they have been- -to follow their own natural way, and not God's way. Now that will never do- -Christ and Mother changed- - turned from their own ways. Christ came not to do his own will, but the will of his Father. The youth who stands stiff in his own will, is of the wicked one. Another reason why youth do not lik': to examine themselves, is, they do not like to read the record of their own doings as written on their memory. Do not like to look at themselves, because they havj b 'en giving way here and there, and so been co-workers with Satan ; and so much under his power, as to be afraid to -ay to him '* get thee behind me Satan.' Have -not simplicity enough to tell themselves and their Elders the truth, and so shame the devil. In examining natural objects men are not content with their ordinary vision, they use helps- -examine things microscopically, and are much pleased to have the microscope open up something they could not see with their naked eye. Now how is it possible for any person to know himself, if he will not examine himself with his own eyes. Those who do, will have the help of other eyes that see clearer and farther than their own ; in this way, -kGod helps those who help themselves.' But those who have eyes and see not, shall wander- - - - stumble and fall in the dark- -the darkness of their own will. It may be asked, how can the gift of self-examination be gained and kept? the answer is, by continually exercising it on all you do, by night and by day. Persevere therein till it becomes pleasant so to do- -becomes a delightful duty. Then ye will know for yourselves experimentally, and truly, that Christ's yoke is easy, and his burden light. I omit saying anything further on this interesting parable. Exercise your mind upon it, and gather information from others on the subject. And when you get through with this parable- -this beautiful casket, there are others equally so. There is the casket of the Fig tree, of a grain of Mustard seed- -of a little Leaven- -of the Prodigal- -of the unjust Steward- -of the Beggar aud the Rich man- -of the man who thought too highly of himself- -of the unjust Judge, of the man who went into a far country- -of the man who planted a Vineyard- -of the Woman aud the lo.-t money- -of the lost Sheep- -of the Tares- - of the Shepherd and the Sheepfold- -of the Net aud the Fishes- -and of the Casket of the Pearl of Great Price. Every one of these Caskets contains gems illustrative of the kingdom of Heaven where lust has no place- -where they neither marry, nor are given in marriage. Blessed are those who have a part in that kingdom never to go out. I will now say a few words on the twofold life in man. Jesus said, 'flesh aud blood cannot inherit the kingdom of heaven.' Now all the animal creation are flesh and blood, and are brought forth through the action of the propensities. Aud we in common with the lower animals, have the same kind of life, and the same propensities ; therefore, that life can have no part in heaven. Intellect in connection with our animal life does not make it any better nor change its nature. In addition to that life, we have another- -a life that the word of God can quicken ; but no mere animal can be quickened by that word. The Apostle said twye hath he quickened who were dead in trespasses and in sins.' Ye hath he quickened into a higher life, who were wont to live in the lusts of the flesh and of the mind. Again, the Apostle said, 'If ye live after the flesh ye shall die, but if ye through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body ye shall live. And as maay as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God,' And no longer the sons of Adam. The testimony of the gospel which you hear from time to time, is the testimony of life to the inner man ; and no soul can ever be quickened except in obedience and subjection to it. You may gather from these few words, an understanding, which life is acceptable to God, and to your Brethren and Sisters, and which is not; remembering at all times, that ye cannot serve two masters. Which will ye serve, an old fleshly nature, or will ye strive and pray that ye may be quickened into a newness of life ? Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.