The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker. No. 16. Published expressly for the several Communities of Believers in 1816. Re-written by Henry C. Blinn. Mother Ann and the Elders visit the towns of Norton, Stonington, Preston and other places. The public service that was held at the house of Joseph Bennett was addressed by Elder Calvin Harlow, who received the best o? attention. In his delivery of the gospel testimony, his voice was clear and pleasant, and the ministration was in such a loving spirit that many wept and prayed with heartfelt devotion. A Baptist deacon was presint who had been very much opposed to the testimony. At the close of the meeting he called and wished to converse with Mother Ann. At first he seemed much interested and was pleased with the remarks that were made. Becoming more familiar, he addressed himself to Mother Ann,- -'Your children do not talk as you do. Why do they not talk as you do? Mother Ann replied, 'You must not expect the children to be parents.' As the deacon did not wish to have his life brought into the light of the testimony of Christ, nor his Christianity offended, he soon retired. At a subsequent date two men called to see the Believers, but as they were entire strangers they did not know Mother Ann, although she was then present in the company. After an introduction one of the men remarked,- -'Is there not a woman here that is the head of the church?' 'No,' replied Mother Ann, 'Christ is the head of the church.' Elder William Lee then added,- - 'We do not allow either man or woman to be the head of the church ; Christ is the head of the church.' 'But,' continued the mac, 'there is a woman here that teaches, is there not?' Elder William replied, ' We do not allow either man or woman to teach, except they have the spirit of Christ in them. Christ teaches through them, and with this spirit, a man, woman or child may teach.' Rumors having been received that a mob was collecting only a few miles distant, some anxiety was manifested in the family, but the Elders were not disturbed in their minds, and very fortu- nately, received no personal violence while they remained in the place. The next journey of the Elders was to the town of Ashfield, and by invitation, accepted a home in the family of Asa Bacon. Reaching this place on the first of November 1782, they remained till the next spriug. Ashfield was a central place and on this account it was very convenient for the Believers to meet and hold their seasons of public worship. It was thought also, that the place would be less liable to be disturbed by mobs. So soon as the Elders extended the liberty, a great number of people visited Ashfield from all parts of the country where the gospel had been preached. It was estimated that not less than six hundred persons were there at one time. During this revival season, the spirit and power of God was manifested in a marvelous manner. In their testimonies they exhorted each other '' to contend earnestly for the faith that was once delivered unto the saints.' The church of God must be a light to the world, and the people of God must live 'soberly, righteously and godly in this present world.' But as in the early days of the primitive church, men and women had crept into the fold of Christ; 'ungodly men, turning the grace of God into lasciviousness and denying the only Lord God and our Lord Jesus Christ.' The voice of Mother Ann and the Elders against'' principalities and powers, against the rulers of darkness of this world, and against spiritual wickedness in heavenly places,' was like the roaring of thunder. Every heart was searched and the work of purification was manifested in great power. Michael and his angels fought agaiust the dragon and his angels, and so mighty was the noise of the battle that it was heard at the distance of several miles. The sound was like ' the voice of many waters and as the voice of mighty thunders.' In these operations of the spirit all the combustible material of a depraved nature, 'the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes and the pride of life were burned as in a furnace. The flames which issued from the souls and mouths of these messengers of God and passed among the assembly, burned and consumed everything that was not in accordance with the testimony of Jesus Christ. The Revelator says 'His eyes were as a flame of fire. His voice as the sound of many waters and out of his mouth went a sharp two-edged sword.' Rev. i., 14-16. The blessed effects of this purifying fire were soon to be seen and felt. When the evil influences were rooted out, the good fruit had room to grow. The Believers learned lessons of meekness and humility. Peace, love and harmony flowed in among them, and heavenly love and gospel union gained the pre-eminence and was cherished by every faithful Believer. A spiritual light now began to shine more effectually upon them and wisdom and understanding to influence them in all their actions. As the rubbish of the old earth and heavens was purged out and burnt up, they began to see more clearly, and to understand what belonged to the new. In all these things they saw that it was, indeed, a great thing to learn the way of God. As yet they had just entered the work, but the education was producing a remarkable increase of the gospel among the people. As no previous preparation had been made for the entertainment of the Believers in Ashfield, consequently there were no stores of provisions laid up for the multitude, and though the quantity on hand was, sometimes, very small and great numbers of people were continually coming and going, yet with the blessing of God they knew no lack. Multitudes have been fed many times, and under the peculiar ministration of the gift have been well satisfied. Mother Ann would say to the people, 'It is by the miracles of God that you have been fed, O ye of little faith.' The opposition to the work of the gospel had never been so great in Ashfield, as in several other places, yet the Believers were sometimes disturbed by 'lewd fellows of the baser sort,' who came for carnal and mischievous purposes. The most of a disturbance was excited by Daniel Bacon. He and his family had accepted the faith, and for a season were quite zealous in leading a Christian life. Becoming weary of the cross, Daniel returned to the old inheritance, but his wife maintained her faith. In the month of March he brought his wife and child in a sleigh, and without going into the house, he put them out, in a very rough and churlish manner, into the street before the house and immediately drove off. When the Elders were informed of the fact, they said, 'This is an evil snare, he has done this to produce trouble for us. She is his wife and we must not permit her to remain at our house. One of the Brethren was then sent to convey her and the child to her own home. Failing in his purpose, Daniel openly came out and by slanderous reports gave the enemies of the cross a pretext to bring on a persecution. This furnished a pretext for a lawless company to visit the Believers to inquire into the truth of the report. A large number of the people of Ashfield were very friendly and would have avoided anything that was likely to cause a disturbance. In the adjoining towns, however, there were many busy-bodies and calumniators who were active, in circulating that which was false, and this class seized every opportunity to scandalize the character of Mother Ann and the Elders, and to bring a reproach upon her manner of life as well as upon the testimony she preached. A few days subsequent to this action of Daniel Bacon, about sixty men collected in Shelburne and its vicinity. The people of Ashfield were informed of the fact and immediately appointed a Committee to confer with the leaders of the mob and prevent, if possible all riotous proceedings. The Committee consisted of Thomas Stocking, a captain of militia, and two other respectable men. They called at the house of Asa Bacon and asked to see Mother Ann. On coming to the door, she remarked, ' I am a poor, inoffensive, weak woman. I have suffered so much from the cruelty of mobs that it seems impossible that I could endure any more. ' The Committee replied, ' You need not fear, Madam, we have not come to hurt you, but to defend you. ' They then informed her of the anticipated uprising in Shelburne, and said, ' We are not willing to have any mobs iu Ashfield, and if you, and the Elders will go to the residence of Philip Philips, you shall be welcome and shall be protected. ' Mother Ann meditated upon the subject and considering herself under the protection of the spirit of God, she did not choose to be under the protection of man, and very kindly declined the offer. She then invited the Committee to dine with the family and treated them with the utmost kindness. After dinner the Commitee retired and met the mob about one half mile distant from the house. Here they held a conference with the leaders of the company and found that their object was to search into the truth of some prevailing; rumors, respecting the character of Mother Ann and the Elders. They had heard some infamous reports and concluded that the preaching of the Believers was an imposition upon the people. They strongly suspected her to be a British emissary and working for seditious purposes. The Committee bore testimony of the j peaceable deportment and harmless conduct of the people. The mob, however, could not be satisfied without a full examination of the Shakers for themselves. The Committee then agreed that if the company would proceed no farther, Mother Ann should answer for herself upon conditions that she should receive no harm. This seemed to satisfy the leaders of the mob, but a part of the company, not agreeing with the decision pushed on determining to reach the house of Asa Bacon. They hailed Ephraim Welch, who was standing at the door, with this inquiry.- - '' Where is that woman you call Mother Ann?' ' I suppose she is in the house,' said he, ' What do you want?' ' We hear that she ran away from her own country; that she has been cropped and that a hole was burned through her tongue for blasphemy, and we want to see for ourselves.' Ephraim soon informed the Believers, of the company at the door, and after the Elders had held consultation it was thought best to meet them. Mother Ann accordingly stepped to the door, and said,- - *- -' What may you want of me?' They repeated the reports that they had heard, as before, and said,- - ' We have come to see for ourselves.' ' It is unkind in you,' said Mother, ' but will you believe your own eyes?' The speaker remarked, 'We shall be obliged to believe. ' ' Then come forward, ' said Mother, ' and see for yourselves. ' '' Are my ears cropped ? ' ' Has my forehead been branded? ' ;' Has my tongue been burned with a hot iron ? ' ' Now with this evidence, what do you think of the reports ? ' ' I think, ' said the speaker, ' that they tell awful lies about you. ' Mother Ann then told them how foolish it was to give credit to such false and inconsistent reports, and how wrong it was to come and disturb the Believers in such a wicked manner. The party made an apology and left the place, apparently much chagrined at their own folly. The Ashfield Committee returned and informed the Believers of their conference and agreement with the leaders of the mob, and then asked Mother Ann and the Elders to go to the house of a distant neighbor, and in this way prevent the mob from advancing. Agree- ably to the wish of the Committee several of the Brethren and Sisters made preparations for the trip. Mother Ann, Elder William Lee, Elder James Whittaker, Calvin Harlow, Aaron Wood, Ephraim Welch and others formed the company. On arriving at the house of friend Smith, they were very kindly received. The leader of the mob, Col. David Wells of Shelburne, soon entered upon the examination of the charges, very similar to those already mentioned, and found them fully refuted in all points. Many unkind accusations were brought against the Believers. Oue was,- - ' The Shakers have bought all the hay in the town, that was to be sold, and a poor man cannot get enough to keep his cow from starving. ' The next accusation was. 'They have also bought up all the grain, and the poor are left destitute of bread to eat. ' The Committee replied, ' The people of the town have a surplus of hay and find it to their advantage to sell it to the Shakers, because they pay the money for it. We know of no such poor man, in the town, as has been mentioned, and if he can be produced, he shall be supplied with hay. ' The Believers had made the same offer, but the poor man was not found. Of the second charge, it was proved that the Shakers had not bought any grain in Ashfield. On the contrary, they had sold some to the people of the town, which the Shakers had brought into the place. The Committee then bore testimony to the honesty and integrity of the Believers, in all their dealings with other people, and expressed an unwillingness to have them molested or to have the town disturbed on their account. Having closed the examination, Mother Ann addressed herself to Col. Wells in these words. ' Is it not a pity that a man, professing to be it gentleman and an officer of the United States, should give heed to such slanderous and inconsistent reports ? ' '' That you should come here at the head of a mob, away from your own town, to persecute an innocent people is a very singular act.' The Col. did not accept the reproof kindly, and threatened to cane Mother Ann if she said any more. Mother Ann replied. ' An American gentleman, and are you threatening to cane a poor, weak woman? What a shame it would be ! ' The Col. attempted no farther opposition. Elder James Whittaker made a few remarks to the assembly, and closed with these words : ' I am called to stand in defense of the gospel, and that I will do to the losing of my life. ' The mob then dispersed without committing any act of violence. In this way God protected his people from the snares of the wicked. The earth opened her mouth and swallowed up the flood of malicious lies and slanderous reports, which the dragon had cast out against the woman.