LETTERS FROM THE MISSIONARIES. Mount Lebanon, June 28. The following are the. letters received from the missionaries: Drummond's Temperance Hotel, 28 Glasgow Stbeet, Glasgow, June 14, Tuesday.- -Brother Daniel and JSldress Anna: Dear Friends : Knowing the anxiety you must have to know of the welfare of the elder, I write to you the first letter that I send backward over this three thousand miles waste of waters. The voyage seemed to me unusually rough and rainy and foggy. I did not enjoy it at all being deathly sea-sick two or three days; but the elder seemed to enjoy it, standing and withstanding the storms like an old oak upon the hill top. The crew might be called Babylon, made up of all professions nearly, including four or five preachers. The elder lectured one evening upon the principles of Shakerism, and it was like throwing a bombshell into a crowd; some were killed, some were wounded, some were convicted, and all were made to think upon the most important subject or subjects that can be brought before the minds of rational beings. Upon reaching Glasgow, there was a party of Spiritualists watching and waiting for us. I had met and lectured to these people seventeen years ago, and their faces looked familiar. We did not expect to meet them; it was a perfect surprise. They would not hear a word of our going to our hotel to even wash and look decent, and while we were pleading and parleying, Mr. Dugmid, a Spiritualist medium, slipped away, got a carriage, we were hustled into it, and whirled off to the residence of Mr. Robertson, where were awaiting us warm hearts, a fine large room, a well spread table of wholesome food, including good Graham bread. The repast over, people began to come in by ones and twos till the large room was well filled. ' Mine host ' Mr. Robertson then arose and in a very neat and pleasant speech introduced us. The elder replied in his happiest mood, and in his reply incidentally referred to Robert Burns, which so echoed along the shores of the spirit world, that soon two or three mediums were entranced, the spirits speaking finely of life immortal, as well as recognizing the mission of Elder Frederick to this country. The spirits say that they will help him in his mission- -a mission planned by heavenly intelligences. The beginning is grand, it seemed like a baptism- -a day or an evening of Pentecost. The elder seemed on fire- -the fire of enthusiasm and inspiration. To-morrow evening we attend a seance, and Sunday we are to hold a meeting in the spiritualists' hall. The elder cabled home last evening. You doubtless received it. His health is good- -as good as his grit to brave difficulties and do his work as a missionary. He and self send love to all. Most sincerely yours, J. M. Peebles.