CHRISTIAN COMMUNISM. NO. 4. [TAKEN FKOM THE CINCINNATI POST.] How They Live in a Shaker Village. What of the Future of Shakerismt An Institution which does Divine Deeds can Never Die. Life with the Shakers is very simple and uneventful. The 'brothers' and 'sisters' of each 'family' live in the same great four-story 'family house.' The brethren have their rooms on one side of the wide, clean halls, and the sisters theirs on the other side. Two, three, four or five brethren occupy one room with as many single beds. Two, three, four or five sisters also share their room with one another and each has her single bed. The rising bell rings at 5 o'clock in Summer and at 5-30 in Winter. Upon rising the brethren take off their bed clothes, fold them neatly and lay them across the backs of two chairs. They then go out and do the morning chores. The sisters likewise, after properly caring for their rooms, attend to their morning chores. An hour after the rising bell, the breakfast bell rings, and all repair to the big diningroom, which they enter in two files, one composed of the brethren, from the oldest in regular graduation of age down to the youngest, and led by the elders, the other composed of the sisters from the oldest down to the youngest, and led by the eldresses. In this order they enter the dining hall and march down the long, spotlessly clean, but clothless table, the brethren on one side of the house and the sisters on the other. Arrived at their places, they all kneel for a moment in silent thanksgiving and prayer. Then all seat themselves and eat the meal with speechless assiduity. The table is completely furnished with food at intervals of four plates, and waiting sisters who take monthly turns at this work, replenish the food-plates as fast as emptied. At the end of the meal all, at a signal from the elders and eldresses, kneel again, and thereafter pass quietly out in two files, but in inverse order from that in which they entered. Breakfast over, the work of the day follows. The brethren disperse over the farm and to the shops. The sisters go to the laundry the ironing-room, the shops, or about the housework. Those sisters detailed for that work make the beds and arrange the rooms of the brethren. Others sweep the halls and polish them with their curiously hooded brooms. Others work in the kitchen. All have work assigned for them to do. The endeavor is to give to each that which he or she can do best and for the best good of all. It has been remarked of the Shakers that special talent is speedily recognized and appropriately utilized. At 11-30 all are summoned from work, and at just noon sit down to a silent but bountiful dinner. After dinner all work till their assigned task is done or until summoned from work at 5 or 5-30. At 6 supper brings all silently together again, and a couple hours quiet in their room for reading, writing, or study prepares for bed at 9. Sunday is preceded by a special service of song and silent prayer on Saturday evening. The great meeting of the day is in the afternoon, and consists of singing, marching, silent prayer and exhortation. This meeting is held in the meeting house, or in the meetingroom of the family house of the ' center 'or ' church ' family, and all are expected to attend, if not ill. A song and prayer service in the evening closes the quiet day. The industries of the Shakers are various. It is held among them as a settled principle of their political economy that all such communistic enterprises as theirs must have their industrial basis in agriculture. Hence, all the Shaker societies have large tracts of land. The one at Union Village has about 4,500 acres, nearly a third of it in woodland. When the society was strong in young men, it cultivated this land and made money; but now that its numbers are few, and its members mostly along in years, it rents a good part of its land, and on very easy terms. The Union Village Shakers also make brocms, raise and dry sweet corn, make some simple herb medicines, and raise some cattle, sheep and hogs for the market. In this way they a little more than make their income meet their expenditures, besides living very comfortably indeed. A cyclone last May broke its way through some of their best woodland, broke down a good many chimneys, unroofed some of their buildings and made necessary about $3000 worth of repairs. The society had to borrow the money, but has since repaid it. What of the future of the Shaker societies? My opinion is that they have a great future before them, but that to attain to it they must abandon their spiritualism and recover the intense, self-denying religiousness which characterized Ann Lee and her converts. The Christian religion undoubtedly contemplates the existence of societies of religious celibates, and as originally founded the Shaker societies more nearly realize that New Testament institution than any other societies that I know anything about. ' If the Shaker institutions could be rehabilitated after the pattern Ann Lee set, and if the Shaker theology could be replaced in the New Testament simplicity in which Ann Lee established it, the Shaker societies would soon become a great power in the social, industrial, political and religious world. The weakness of Shakerism lies, I think, in the fact that it has put Ann Lee since her death up into its theology, where she herself would never have consented to be put, and down out of its life and spirit in which she would have delighted to remain. 10' Ann Lee, as I read her wonderful and inspiring story, was a true saint of God and a humble follower of Jesus Christ, her Savior. She had a wonderful, self-denying, holy, consuming zeal for the conversion of the world. She saw that her Lord countenanced and recommended celibacy, and she herself, upon that authority, taught it. Her selfdenial, her patience, her wisdom, her love, her zeal, were admirable. The same selfdenial, patience, wisdom, love and zeal in her followers would work wonders in this day, when the thought and desire of all the world is turned toward Christian communism. Christian communism, to succeed and to have any propagandist power, must be essentially, and entirely and absorbingly Christian. Self-denial for its own sake is not only foolish, it is unworthy. It is only self-denial in a holy cause that is inspiring, contagious and triumphant. It only remains to say that the Shakers welcome all who come to them sincerely desirous of adopting their mode of life and form of doctrine. Such applicants are received in what is called ' the gathering family,' where they make a trial of Shakerism, meantime devoting the income from their property- -which still remains under their own control- -and the labor of their persons to the common good of the society. If satisfied with the life and doctrine, these applicants are admitted into full fellowship by final consecration of all their property to the society, and entering for life the Shaker family. If at any time previous to this final act they wish to depart they can go and take all their property with them, but after their final act of renunciation and consecration they cannot take their property with them if they return to the world. Children have a very happy life among the Shakers. They go to the district school, as good as any in the State, and are taught also many useful things in relation to morals, politeness and cheerful industry. An institution that does such divine things can never die. Theo. Kaiandri.