JEALOUSY. MARTHA J. ANDERSON. Jealousy outrivals all the contemptible vices of human nature ; insomuch as it embitters life's sweetest springs ; destroys the lovliest buds of virtue ; warps mental expansion, is godless and irreverent of the feelings of others, bears no good will to superior excellence; and strives to bring everybody and everything to the level of its own meanness. It carries into all its projects and intentions, the blind unreason of intense selfishness; tampers with heart-love, sincerity and friendship, and many a broken tie bespeaks its cursed power. Its scathing blight is felt in the home, in the social circle, in the religious assembly, and throughout the broad arena of life's pursuits, where humanity compete for fame, station or renown. What contumely, scorn, bitter hatred and falsehood it heaps on those, who, by its very contempt it acknowledges superior to its own base self-hood. It seeks position it does not merit; claims wealth it does not earn ; libels character it cannot attain; belittles knowledge because of ignorance; and bars the doors to all advance in virtue, wisdom and goodness. Its curse returns in cursing. Only he who blesses has the promise to be blessed. In honor preferring one another is the lofty ideal given by the divine master. Love, consolation and peace, bloom only in the garden of sweet contentment. Our talents can only be measured by the good we accomplish ; position alone determines not our real worth. There are nobler themes to engage our attention than the mere petty strifes of human and terrestrial affairs. Live to be good, not great. The lowliest may drink the nectar of bliss denied the great ones of the earth ; and those who have no treasures here, may secure them in heaven. We shall receive whereof we are worthy, no more : The lovable shall be loved, the honest trusted, and the meritorious rewarded. Then let us not harbor this base passion ; for the wind of fate shall turn the flame it kindles, to scathe and scorch our souls, to the extinction of every green and living thing, that might otherwise spring up to gladden and beautify our being. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.