THAT IDEAL HOME. It is one of the greatest of blessings to have a well ordered, comfortable home, while we are privileged to dwell upon the earth. Our happiness in this life is largely influenced by this treasure. To obtain this home may require much personal self-denial and rigid economy, and when obtained, in order to secure the possession, a patient perseverance is demanded from day to day and from year to year till time is no more. A great deal is said and sung about the beauties and loveliness of this much to be desired inheritance and, indeed, it becomes quite necessary in order to stimulate the mind to work diligently while obtaining this desirable place of abode. An association of friends, in whom we can confide, and with whom we can walk with assurance, helps to make the pilgrimage of life one of satisfaction and peace. Our gospel home which is built on the foundation of the new heavens and new earth wherein dwelleth righteousness should embody all that has been stated, and from this so enlarge that its borders may touch the heavens of heavens. Au hundred fold, said Jesus, will be the warranted increase that shall be given into the possession of those who will accept my burden or wear my yoke, and we are assured that the yoke was easy and the burden light. If au earthly home, ruled by selfish love can have the primary lessons of government and order and neatness and peace, then the gospel home upon which the spirit of Christ rests, must have all these beautiful gifts much more abundantly. '- -k Thy will be done on earth as in heaven. ' And this can only mean for us to make our home upon earth, the same as we hold iu anticipation concerning the City of God, 'an abode not made with hands, eternal in the heaveus.' It would be folly to pray, Thy kingdom come, and then exercise no care over our lives, and over the conditions that immediately surround us. The ideal home must be brought so near that it may be distinctly seen, and that we may learn of the very great care that has been given to it has proved so effectual that it is said to be without even a spot or wrinkle. Thy kingdom come, is the fervent prayer of the faithful. Whatever sacrifice it may demand, whatever discipline it may enforce, it will be thankfully offered to secure the confidence that the spirit of God will dwell in our home. In it must be found the pure in heart, the meek, the merciful, the peacemakers and those who hunger and thirst after righteousness. The Kingdom of God ! It comes upon the earth and in it there can be nothing that ' defiles or makes a lie.' It is an abode for the angels, a home where the fruits of the spirit shall most freely abound; love, joy, peace, gentleness and temperance. In this home the apostle informs us that man becomes the temple of the living God. If he defiles this temple, him will God destroy. Christ can bring no less than this and the kingdom of God cannot maintain a healthful existence in an atmosphere less pure. It is a redeeming feature that this fact is being better and better understood. If the temple is defiled it will be destroyed and earthly homes cannot be expected to dwell any more securely. A law of retribution necessarily follows every deviation from right. Our gospel homes may be destroyed if they become defiled by the elements of the world. Hatred, variance, strife or sedition would soon accomplish the sad work, and that which God has planted a noble vine would become the degenerate branch of a strange vine. Paul may plant, Apollos may water, but God only can give the increase that will make a Christian home one of holiness and through his divine care keep it unspotted from the world.