Sanitary. Rheumatism At this season of the year rheumatism is usually prevalent. Some of our most distinguished men were included among the sufferers during the past month. It is one of the most democratic of diseases, for it spares neither rich nor poor. Exposure to cold is the only known exciting cause of acute rheumatism. Sleeping in damp sheets, and sitting in cold, damp rooms, after having been heated by physical exercise, are examples of the kind of exposure likely to be followed by this disease. Standing in the street to chat to friends after a vigorous walk, is equally dangerous. In fact, any condition which prevents the skin from throwing off exhausted matter by perspiration is liable to result in acute rheumatism. Prevention is far better than cure, especially in this disease, for the reason that those who have once been afflicted are almost certain to become victims again. Some doctors consider that it is hereditary. Injudiciously changing the weight of underclothing brings on the twinges. Not long ago there was reported to us the case of a man who had had a very severe attack caused by substituting wide woolen drawers for an old tight-fitting pair. The lesson taught by this is that the new ones should be washed a few times before it is safe to put them on. The pleasant drafts of air which render life more endurable during the hot summer nights too often pave the way for the rheumatic affections of the winter. Europeans in very hot climates, to secure sleep, make such free use of the punkah, or fan, that they acquire a form of rheumatism against which no remedy can be wholly successful. General Briere de PIsle, of France is one of the number. He was so exhausted from lack of sleep that he had to instruct his servants to work the punkah without ceasing. Herald of Health. TOBACC0-CREATED I once knew a little boj' who was able to smoke, apparently without any disgust about as soon as he was able to hold a rattle! This case might be adduced by some in proof of the idea that all are not compelled to learn to use the ' vile weed.' This boy was really brought under the influence of this potent narcotic poison before he was born, the transforming influence was really in progress, the nicotine actually entering his vital organism. Both father and mother used it, adding the baneful tendencies, the corrupting and degrading influences of rum ! The house contained an atmosphere of tobacco and rum. while all of the surroundings were of a degrading character. While the mother's body was saturated with tobacco and rum, her whole mental and moral being permeated, it was not strange that her child was a tobacco-babe, with low and groveling tendencies, nor is it strange that he never ;irose to anything like manhood, never rose above the beasts of the field. When one can make a fine gold watch from iron, then, and then only, can we reasonably expect that children born under such circumstances, subjected to such de-humanizing influences, will be human beings in the highest sense of the term. I know an older lad us he passes in the streets at any and all times, who has the look and manners of one in a state of intoxication. His father used both tobacco and whiskey; was often drunk. \Vho can doubt that this lad may date his ex. istenceback to a fit of intoxication? Fathers and mothers cannot recklessly disregard all of the laws of their being at the most important period of their lives- -so far as the future generation is concerned- -and not curse society, entailing the natural and necessary penalties of violated laws on their progeny. If they choose to be carnal, to live a sensual life, or could do so, alone bearing the results, we might not think it advisable to blame them, but, when the innocent must suffer, when the results of their sins must follow along the line of succeeding generations, to 'the third and fourth generations,' they are heartless, unsympathizing, who are willing to create so much misery, just for the sake of a few moments gratification. I also knew an infamous boy, the most brutish, degraded and deformed of all ever met by me, the deformity, etc., being easily traced to the conduct of the so-called mother. As if the intention of an overruling Providence to so maim the creature that the least harm might be done in the world, three fingers were brought together under one nail, with other deformities too numerous to specify. Previous to his birth the mother had a perfect mania for killing snakes, contending with one monster for hours, conquering at last. He was below the average brute, snake-made! When will the mothers in an enlightened land rise to a point where they will be able to understand more of their influence in the generation of offspring, and see that the same generative laws control the human species as are wellknown to obtain in the animal world, being as careful of themselves in all respects as the fancy stock-raiser is of the prospective mother of a 'high-bred' colt or calf?- -Dr. J. H. Hanaford, in Health Monthly.