Sanitary. Improper food, improper ventilation... Improper food, improper ventilation, causing accumulated waste matter to be retained in the human system is the essential cause of nine-tenths of all the sickness in the world. It is strange that in this age of general enlightenment the doctors can think of no other causes of sickness and death than climate. Climate, weather, heat or cold are merely inciting influences which modify the forms of disease, but do not originate them. Hygeio Therapy. A Mania for Dosing It is about time to organize a movement for preventing the intemperate use of 'temperance drinks. ' The manner in which mineral waters, acid phosphate, ' nerve food, ' and ' lactart' are swallowed at all hours of the day, and by all sorts of men, with no real knowledge of their nature or effects, is quite astonishing, and in many cases, no doubt, almost as pernicious, as the habit which it in a measure supercedes- - the taking of the matinal cocktail, the midday beer, and the postprandial wine or spirits. Much of this guzzling is due to the mania for dosing, which is almost a national characteristic. If, owing to improper eating or any other cause, a man ' doesn't feel just right, ' the first thing he does is to take a drink of something, hit or miss, while, if he 'feels bad, ' a dose of patent medicine, or some other nostrum follows. Some of the preparations are, perhaps, harmless, but others are obviously of so potent a nature that they should be used sparingly, and commonly only upon the advice of a physician. To burn the stomach with acids, or purge the bowels with mineral drinks, in the hap-hazard manner often indulged in, is to trifle recklessly with the health. For a person in an approximately normal condition there is no need of either stimulants, tonics, ' nerve foods, ' purgatives, or other disturbers of nature. Good plain food, fruit in abundance, milk, eggs, with a moderate supply of water that is cool, without being iced, or tea and coffee for those who must have ' something else,' constitute a summer regimen that is not improved by dosing of any sort. Hall's Journal of Health.