PUBLIC DISCOURSE. BY RICHARD MC. NEMAR. 'For the law was given by Moses; but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.' Akd in the first place, of the law. 'The law was given by Moses.' Moses was not the Christ, therefore he had not the substance. Nevertheless, the law was the greatest dispensation and deepest ministration ever given or known, either before, or in the time of its operation. And it had its work to do, and its purpose to answer; for although it could not bring salvation, or minister it to the people, not having the substance of heavenly things, it had the shadow, and was a useful figure for the time then being, at least such was the tabernacle in which the law was deposited. 'Which was a figure for the time then present; or which time were offered both gifts and sacrifices which could not perfect him that did the service, as pertaining to the conscience.' Salvation therefore, was not by the law, for notwithstanding the knowledge of sin, to a certain degree, was by the law, yet the knowledge of salvation was never found by that means. To elucidate this subject, we may attend to a few passages of Scripture. 'What then, are we better than they? Nay, in no wise ; for we have before proved that both Jews and Gentiles are all under sin. As it is written, there is none righteous, not even one ; there is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God. They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable, there is not one that doeth good, no, not one. Their throat is an open sepulchre ; they have beguiled with their tongues ; the poison of asps is under their lips ; whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness ; their feet are swift to shed blood ; destruction and misery are in their ways ; and they have not known the way of peace ; the fear of God is not before their eyes. Now we know that whatsoever things the law saith, it speaketh to them that are under the law; that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God. Therefore, by the deeds of the law no flesh shall be justified in his sight; for by the law is the acknowledgement of sin.' This scripture is a plain and unequivocal declaration that salvation was not known by the law ; although it gave, to a certain extent, the knowledge of sin, and produced the acknowledgement of it, from time to time. 'But I had not known sin, unless by the law.' 'But if the ministration of death written, engraven on stones, was in glory, so that the children of Israel could not steadfastly behold the face of Moses for the glory of his face, which glory is done away ; how shall not the ministration of the spirit be in glory ! For if the ministration of condemnation was glory, how much more doth the ministration of righteousness exceed in glory.' This was the ministration of Moses ; a ministration of death and condemnation ; and this was the law, for the law was given by Moses, and by it was the knowledge of sin, to a certain extent, and therefore it was a ministration of death, but not of life, of the Spirit, for it did not take away sin as pertaining to the conscience ; for it was not possible that the blood of bulls and of goats should take away sin. ' Probably no difficulty will occur in satisfying the mind, that justification, as pertaining to the conscience, or salvation from sin, was not gained by the law ; the Scriptures, on that point, are too explicit to leave room to doubt. The subject may assume another appearance, and have a very different bearing on the minds of the people, when it is stated, that neither did any of the people, under the law, or during that dispensation, find salvation. Before Christ came into the world, no man entered heaven. ' How shall ye believe if I tell you heavenly things? and no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven, even the son of man who is in heaven ;' none but Jesus Christ, and for this good reason that none was fitted for heaven ; neither had the way to heaven been opened. As pertaining to redemption from the nature of sin, the Jews were on a level with the Gentiles,- -'by nature children of wrath even as others.' Eph. ii., 3. 'What then, are we better than they ? Nay, in no wise : for we have before proved that both Jews and Gentiles are all under sin.' And the black catalogue which followed, as quoted before, is applied to the Jews as well as the Gentiles, as is evident from the closing of the subject. 'Now we know that whatsoever things the law saith, it speaketh to them that are under the law, that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world become guilty before God ;' not only the Gentile, but also the Jew. The nature of all was the same, though some in every age, went deeper into sin than others. Now, under this influence and government, the Jews, with all their privileges, could not enter into the life of the spirit, or of heaven. The Jews were, 'by nature the children of wrath as well as others :' and no law or rule had been appointed to them, by which they could overcome that nature, the root of all sin. Christ the Savior, had not yet appeared, ami could they have been saved before he came, his coming, offices, and work had been unnecessary and he had lost his honor and triumph. 'Now if a law had been given able to communicate lift, verily, righteousness had been by the law,' and Moses would have had the crown; for 'the law was given by Moses.' 'I do not frustrate the grace of God, fur if righteousness were by the law, then Christ hath died in vain.' 'If therefore, perfection were by the Levitical priesthood, what farther need was there that auother priest should be raised up, after the order of Melchisedec, and not be called after the order of Aaron ? For the priesthood being transposed, there is made of necessity a transposition also of the law.' The priesthood passed from Aaron to Christ, and the law also, from the shadow to the substance. These testimonies are abundantly sufficient to show that under the law was no perfect redemption, and therefore none saved, or fully redeemed. But a prevailing sentiment, untaught in the Scriptures, and unwarranted by revelation, is extensively embraced in the Christian world, and become the false refuge of souls on this subject, which is, That notwithstanding justification and redemption were not found by the law, yet the people wire saved in that day by a work of the spirit, which went deeper than the law, and was made effectual through faith in Christ to come ; and that it was necessary that Christ should come, suffer, die, and do all the things that 'he did, to give their laith confirmation in truth, and settle their salvation on a permauent basis. Why did not the apostle see the existence, and understand the efficacy of that plan, when standing in the light of revelation, and under the influence and guidance of the spirit of inspiration? Why did he reason so inclusively and even falsely? for his reasoning was sophistical, indeed, when he argued the impossibility of salvation, from the insufficiency of the law, and the Levitica' priesthood, if they had, or could have experienced the efficacy of a deeper work than the law. His reasoning was preposterous, to suppose, when he argued that it was unnecessary that another priest should be raised up after the order of Melchisedec, if perfection hat been by the Levitical priesthood, provided a plan had existed on which per fection could have been attained; espe cially admitting that plan was dependent &gt;u the coming of Christ for its efficiency, and its efficacy was by faith in that which was to come. For him, therefore, on that supposition, to have argued, saying, What further need was there that another (that is Christ) should be raised up? would aave been sophistical and false reasoning. Union Village, 0. (TO BE COKTINUED.)