CONTENTMENT. RUTH BABRY. It has been truly said that ''a contented mind is a continual feast.' We would ask what constitutes contentment? Is it wealth, by means of which every want can be gratified and every appetite filled to satiety? It needs but little observation to convince us that it is not thus obtained ; for we know that those who hold the highest positions that the world can bestow upon mortals ; even those who wear kingly crowns, wielding the sceptre of unlimited power over millions of subjects, have not this priceless boon. Regal splendor, with all its luxuries, cannot bring contentment to its possessors. In every station of life, we see a lack of restfulness and calm content, which condition is the result of the sway of human passions. How truthfully spake one of old, ' The wicked are like the troubled sea, whose waters cast up mire and dirt continually.' The great ones of the earth constantly brood over some real or imaginary evil which threatens with direful consequences ; and even war is often occasioned by some trivial circumstance that is aggravated by blind human passion ; and untold misery and ruin is the result. Neither is satisfaction found among those who cccupy humbler positions in life. The poor envy the rich, and the rich oppress the weak. All classes of society have their trials and grievances, which bring distress and blight, and mar the peace and comfort of many lives. The whole fabric of society is built upon false foundations, of unrighteousness and self-aggrandizement; injustice and oppression are alike grounded in human nature, whether the individual is high or low. There are doubtless, times when many enjoy temporary releasement from that which causes their many troubles ; but such seasons are like the oases in the desert, few and far between. And now we ask, is the desideratum attainable to any while living the earth life? We answer, Yea! Those who will crucify the flesh with all its sinful purposes and desires, bear a daily cross, and practice self-denial in all things that would bring loss and misery to their soul by their indulgence ; doing in all things unto others as we would have them do unto us, may find, possess and enjoy this desirable blessing. Here in our beautiful Zion home, can just such a life be lived, as will bring the greatest good in all things ; for its foundations are laid in purity, justice and truth ; and, according to our understanding, it is impossible to attain to a high degree of spiritual harmony, only in the fraternal and blessed relation which souls form in the kingdom of Christ. Those who have truly forsaken all to become his disciples, enjoy the fulness of unselfish love, and possess the meed of sweet contentment and abiding peace. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.