The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker. No. 17. Published expressly for the several Communities of Believers in 1816. Re-written by Henry 0. Blinn. Industry, Prudence, Cleanliness, Economy, etc. Mother Ann and the Elders instruct ed the Believers very carefully, in regard to the management of their temporal duties. All should be industriously engaged, and while their hands were employed in manual labor, they must also give their hearts to God. They should use the things of this world as not abusing them. While they were instructed that nothing should be lost or wasted through carelessness, they were at the same time to avoid covetousness. A kind and a charitable spirit should be manifested toward the poor and unfortunate children of this world. They urged the necessity of this very important rule. Whatever may be your trials or privations, never run in debt to the world, as by so doing you make yourselves slaves to the world. These things were enjoined as essential to the securing of a spiritual blessing. It was held forth as a doctrinal truth that those who were unfaithful in their temporal interests, could not find the blessing and protection of God in their spiritual life. All were stimulated to make a wise use of their time and talents in temporal duties as essentially necessary in order to inherit the true riches. Mother Ana while, giving advice to one of the young Believers, remarked, ' Be faithful to keep the gospel. Be neat and industrieus. Have everything in your house arranged in order and in neatness. Prepare your food in that manner that tho.se who partake of it may bless you with thankful hearts. Keep a strict watch over the words you speak, that you may not treat others unkindly nor cast on them unpleasant re flections. Let your words be few and seasoned with grace. ' To another company she spoke as follows :- -'' Return to your homes and put your hands at work, and give your hearts to God, for if you are not faithful in the unrighteous mammon, how can you expect to be entrusted with the true riches?' ' Many will come to the Church and receive the gifts of God and then through carelessness and idleness lose or waste them away. This is not right, you should be faithful, that when yo:i come the next time, you may bring spiritual strength and not bring weakness.' ' Let your apparel be modest as becomes the people of God, and teach the same to your families. Labor for a meek and quiet spirit that others may see your good works and be able to glorify your Father in heaven. Let thj children of this world have all your jewelry, your gold beads, silver buckles, sleeve studs, rings etc., as upon such things they place their hearts, but the children of God do not need them.' '; Remember the poor and needy, the widow and the fatherless, and give bread to the hungry and clothes to the destitute. Jesus has said, 'Give to him that asketh.' Put away all covetousness and be prepared for the gospel of Christ, for the time will come when it will be preached to all nations, and 'many will come to Zioa to hear the word of the Lord.' ' Some of the persons that visited Mother Ann and the Elders, had entertained that singular notion, that the end of the world was near at hand, and through this were neglecting their families and their property. Mother Ann said to them,- -'Go to your homes, plough and plant your fields, set out your orchards, raise your stock and make provisions for a livelihood as though you expected to live a thousand years, and gather something with which to do good. Take care of what you have ; provide places for all your things and learn to be neat and prudent. ' To a brother who had contracted a debt and thought he must sell his farm to cancel it, she said,- -You should not sell your farm that you may pay your debts, Nay. The people of God do not sell their farms to pay their debts, but they put their hands at work, and give their hearts to God, and gather something by their industry Avith which to pay their debts and keep their farms.' L' As you become involved in debt, you not only bring yourself into bondage but also your family, and at the same time bring distress upon your creditors. Such evil management will bring sad loss to the soul till the creditors all are paid, in full, and the soul finds repentance.' wt As we have given our souls to God, let us kneel in pra&gt;er, asking that He will spare our lives ti!l we have repented of all our sins, for those who leave this world in their sins, must pass through intense sufferings. Remember the cries of those who are in need and in affliction, that when you are in need, God may hear your cries.' - - - - You should walk uprightly like men an I women of God. You ought to love and lear God in all you do. Open and shut the doors carefully, and walk with gentleness about the house.'' Mother A nn was very thoughtful about the preservation of the health of Believers, and counseled them to be temperate in all things. ''You should keep your health and strength, with which to serve God. Be charitable. If 1 owned the whole world, 1 would turn it all into joyfulness, and not say to the poor, Be ye warmed and be ye clothed, without giving them the means wherewith to do it.' Father James Whittaker then took the Bible and read as follows ;- -t% Be ye doers of the word and not hearers only, deceiving yourselves ; For if any be a hearer of the word, and not a doer, he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass. For he beholdeth himself and goeth his way, and strait way forgetteth what manner of man he was. But whoso looketh iuto the perfect law of liberty and continueth therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the word, this man shall be blessed in his deeds.' wk If any man among you seem to be religious and bridleth not his tongue, but deceiveth his own heart, that man's religion is vain. Pure religion and undefiled before God the Father is this. To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction and to keep himself unspotted from the world. '