RELIGION. SARAH F. WILSON. What is it? A written creed or formal statement of belief having little or no direct influence upon the life of an individual ? We think that the Apostle James gave a fit answer to the question, when he stated that 'Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction and to keep himself unspotted from the world. ' This declaration signifies active service and self abnegation, so much like the example of him who said,- -' Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren ye have done it unto me. ' Without even a personal experience one may readily discern that pure religion in the sight of God, consists in that indwelling element of righteousness which manifests itself in ministering to the needy of every name and nature. To be fitted for this divine mission will be the ambition of every disciple of Christ. I think that the time will come to all, whose souls have been lighted by the truths of the Gospel, to be sent into every city or condition of life, to preach by example and precept the testimony of Christ. Before this work can be accomplished individually, selfish loves and worldly ambitions must be dethroned by daily sacrifice and an increasing love to work for God in this direction whi'e the satisfaction from the Father, realized through a clear conscience, is far superior to human praise. St. Paul left us this injunction.- -' Put on the whole armor of God that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the Devil.' Eph. vii., 11. This being a spiritual armor, or true religion which will hold us unspotted from the world, the price for obtaining it must be paid b/ individual effort and those who win the breastplate of righteousness, and are shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace can stand securely and with no selfish aims in life are able to keep 'unspotted from the world.' How important then to obtain this whole armor of God, which includes not only the helmet of salvation, but the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God. Our Savior has said,- - ' And I, when I be lifted up from the earth will draw all men unto me.' Although he mingled with all classes of people, yet he was not contaminated with their sinful ways. His mission was that of a Physician. Those received him the most gladly who were in affliction. We have no record that the Savior ever despised one whom the Father sent to him to be healed or cleansed, however vile with disease. All men were, indeed drawn unto him, some to persecute and a few to hear and obey his teachings. Will not all who become true followers of Christ, and are lifted up from the earth, resurrected from its sinful elements, be as lights attracting and reflecting righteousness ? I am certain that it is a test of true discipleship to minister to each grade or class of the suffering, to abound in charity and good works and still maintain an unsullied purity in spite of worldly surroundings. One cannot be tempted from without unless there is a corresponding element within to invite temptation and thus would I pray with the Psalmist,- - 'Search me O God and know my heart, try me and know my thoughts, and see if there be any wicked way in me and lead me in the way everlasting.' Canterbury, N. H.