SIMPLICITY. MARTHA BURGER. What, may I ask, can be more beautiful and becoming to those who daily live the Christian life, than true simplicity ? Those who are obedient to their highest convictions of ri^ht, and have entered the kingdom of heaven as little children, dependent upon their spiritual guides, and have gathered a gift of gospel simplicity, can testify that it is not only one of the most beautiful adornments, but a very important and essential virtue. It helps mould the character. It produces plainness of speech, of dress and equipage. I have always entertained a high regard for the primitive Quakers, because of their simple ways and manners. They were sincere in their devotion to the truth, and suffered imprisonments and persecutions for it, enduring agony of spirit beyoud that which some in this day, who are blest with a greater decree of light, would be willing to bear ; and these persecutions were brought on chiefly by their refusing to conform to the customs and fashions of the world. As Believers in Christ's second appearing we are called to come up still higher, on to a spiritual plane beyond that of any other people in past dispensations, because our light is greater, and the advantages for practically carrying out our faith, superior. Then, does it not become us as true followers of Christ to bear more cross, practice more self-denial, and in every way and in every thing increase in Godlike simplicity, that we may increase in spiritual power, and be ministers of salvation to the children of men? When we look upon those who have spent years in the service of God, adorned with a beautiful mantle of simplicity, we covet the same. Such are angel ministers, without ostentation or soulless mannerisms, or jewels to deck the mortal form. How they contrast with those who are living in sin, who strive to make up their lack of character and spiritual substance, by decorating their bodies with showy garments corresponding to their perverted and artificial life. 'And, oh in that future and lovelier sphere, Where all is made right that so puzzles us here; Where the glare and the glitter and tinsel of Time Shall fade in the light of that region sublime, Where the soul disenchanted of flesh and of sense, Unscreened by its trappings, and shows and pretence) Must be clothed for the life and the service above, With purity, truthfulness, meekness and lore. Oh, daughters of earth! foolish virgins beware Lest in that upper realm you have nothing to wear.' Give me my simple Shaker dress without any superfluous additions, and let my manners bespeak the simplicity of a Godly life. If in our hearts we aspire after true righteousness we shall esteem personal embellishments of small account. Our desire will be to be clothed with the 'ornaments of a meek and quiet spirit,' and to appear before Grd and his ministering angels in pure, clean garments, that will commend us to their kindly keeping. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.