Steamer State of Georgia, out at sea, June 3rd., 1887. Beloved Bk. Daniel :- -I was very sorry we missed seeing you, or rather you seeing us as we left the pier. We were engaged talking below, and did not realize that we were slipping out until too late. When we went on deck we could see you but you could not see us. After we were fairly started a fog set in; the wind rose and the sea was rough. Half the people were sea-sick, including James and the young man who accompanied him. I was in a doubtful condition for a few minutes, but my stomach being in good condition, nothing needed to come up, the food was all digestible. I ate but little and kept on deck, acquiring the use of my kneejoints and sea-legs, to take the jar off' the stomach, as the springs take the jolt from the body of the carriage. It is the unusual shake to the stomach that stops digestion, causing sea-sickness. 2 o'clock. Still enveloped in mist, have to keep the fog-horn going and a double watch. Have just opened a letter from Elder Harvey, he writes like himself. Talks about 'old age.' I was never younger than I am now, in my spirit. That being so will not inspiring spirits quicken my mortal body, even if I were as good as dead, as easy as they could materialize a form? 4 o'clock, P M. A large steamer passes away in the distance, just visible to the eye. June 4th. Had a good night's rest, nothing of importance transpires. 5th. The sea air is cold was obliged to put on an extra pair of woolen pants. Three sails in sight at once, and a whale is seen. 6th. An iceberg in sight this morning, another whale goes by. Have a musical entertainment in the cabin this evening. James is not at all well, keeps his berth most of the time. I am in excellent health. The eating is an interesting study, there is evidently some connection between eating and theology. 7th. An iceberg twice the height of the ship's mast in sight, it is a magnificent spectacle, majestic and grand in its icy coldness. Several whales were seen during the day. We are twelve hundred miles out in mid ocean, going at the rate of twelve knots an hour. Towards night more icebergs float in sight In response to a call from captain and passengers I delivered a lecture in the evening, occupied about an hour and a quarter. It was well received. Thanks voted, and the captain congratulated me as achieving a success. A general feeling of satisfaction expressed the following day. The sea air has cleared my voice, and my hearing improves slowly. My voice now sounds natural which is a comfort. 8th. Chilly this morning. Winter clothing would have been in order. The ship rolled heavily all night. James was quite sick. John attended to him. I hope he will soon recover. I am quite comfortable. The passengers complain that they cannot sleep, the waves rock me to sleep. James says he cannot obtain vegetable food while lecturing in different places, and is consequently obliged to eat some animal food, and suffers for it. I am now better able to care for him than he for me; perhaps on land it will be reversed. It is colder in England than in our climate, at least the sun's rays are not so fierce in summer. We must bear this in mind when we come with a company to the British Isles. The harvest field is great and the laborers few. Let us pray that the Lord of the harvest will send forth more reapers. Is the harvest field fully ripe? Do the laborers exist? Where are they? The sea has been tolerably smooth to-day. I saw a flock of Sea Gulls, one lighted on the water, the rest gathered to it and they floated along like ducks on a pond. 9th. Quite rough this morning, but not tempestuous. I have plenty of exercise, and an abundance of fresh air, but no bread that is either wholesome or nutritious. . Were it not for the nice crackers that the good sisters have provided, I should be in a bad fix. As it is if I could have one North family meal I could get along nicely for two days. For breakfast I ate two potatoes and a piece of white bread toast. G o'clock P. M. The sea more tumultuous than heretofore, the deck is quite unnavigable, and I am obliged to stay below. The fountain pen is a notable invention. For use when traveling it is unequalled. I find it very convenient, have had it filled but once since leaving home ; and the blank book Br. Daniel gave me is just what I need, it opens so nicely. Home seems far, far away and the time of absence about one month. 11th. A quiet night. Temperature 55 degrees. James is convalescent. In the evening he lectures on Palestine, the passengers listen attentively and seem well pleased. The captain is friendly and cheerful. Half past four P. M. have run three hundred miles. A large ship passes. The sea is rough and the vessel rolls, yet still we lunge ahead, without delay or disaster. 12th. I arose at three o'clock this morning went on deck, sea quite calm. There was a large steamer in sight. It seems pleasant to see something, if it is only a bird or fish. For breakfast only crackers to eat not even a potato. I am improving in health each day; my brain is getting rested, so that I begin to feel natural and comfortable. We expect to see land by night, and to-morrow to be in Glasgow. 13th. Coast of Ireland in sight. I should like another day or two, not quite sick of the sea yet. At twelve o'clock eat our last dinner on board the vessel, a very good meal. Land about three o'clock at Greenock, take cars to Glasgow. I have written some about our first meeting or gathering; it was a revival. I have never witnessed the like before. It reminded me of the time when in company with Elder Richard, we met the spirits in New York, through the early mediumship of the Fox girls. We could feel them as tangibly as if they had been in the body. Ii the family could have heard what the spirits said through two or three fine young men mediums present, they would have been delighted and astonished. They would not doubt but that our mission had its beginning in the spirit world, whatever may be the result, the powers above are at work for us and with us. We are spending the forenoon writing. I am sorry to send you such a broken account of our journey, but you get it just as I wrote it on the restless sea. I shall try to keep you posted of our future movements. The gospel ought to be founded in Scotland and England; but who is equal to so important and vast a movement? Can we keep the gospel and preach it too? If we keep it and hold our organizations intact we cannot preach it all over creation. A postal card has just been received, stating that a deputation will call at five o'clock P. M. to make arrangements for meetings, and another party will be here at 6 o'clock. Two meetings already appointed for Sabbath ; so you see we are not left unnoticed. Dear brother Daniel, I trust that the good angels who have sent us from you, will be with you and more than compensate you, for our absence a short time. My love and blessing are yours, and my continual prayer is that a gift of divine wisdom may rest upon you. Love to the beloved Ministry, to every one of the Brethren and Sisters. Your friend and brother, F. W. Evans.