COMING TO CHRIST. JESSIE EVANS. Many young persons who desire to enter the churches of to-day, often make the resolution 'To come to Christ,' an assurance being felt that in this exertion they shall become worthy to hold a place among respectable Christians anyvvheie. But what is it to come to Christ? In this question and in its truthful answer is contained the true secret of successful discipleship. Christ is the anointing spiri' of God which clothed, crowned and prepared the son of man called Jesus for his heavenly mission of saving souls from sin. Seventeen hundred years after his advent, we hold that the same Christ spirit was manifested through the instrumentality of Mother Ami Lee who was also divinely commissioned to teach by precept and practice the perfect way of holy living, and how best to secure our freedom from the thralldom of sin. That the divine spirit of good rested upon the souls of these 'two witnesses of God' we fully believe, and also that every disciple who lives agreeably to the testimony of eternal truth which they taught and practiced will be saved- -a testimony which is to-day as a flame of fire against evil and as a beam of light to the weary wanderer seeking entrance to the portals of rest from sin. It is this Christ spirit alone which is able to resurrect the soul from earthly loves, gross appetites and low desires. Minds ruled by its power are made able to become symmetrical in character and thus to develop a true manhood and womanhood in Christ. Though it holds them to the cross of crucifixion which Jesus bore and subjects them to the persecution and suffering which was Mother Aim Lee's daily portion, yet, 'When the battle is o'er, and the victory won,' what supreme satisfaction shall come in the 'still small voice,' giving us assurance that our own work is 'well done,' and then will be presented a new and blessed field of labor in the saving of other immortal souls. Jesus said, 'If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me.' We need add no more. Young disciples, you who would find the 'strait and narrow way' to life eternal, you who ask in anxious sincerity for the 'bread and water of life,' here is the criterion of the soul's salvation.' 'Let him deny himself of all ungodliness' and come to the Christ spirit which allows no selfish interest to take possession of the sold, or any ungodly thought, word or action to claim the time and abilities which should be devoted to the service of God. Canterbury, N. H.