Books and Papers Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Hall's Journal of Health Gilman's Historical Readers The Phrenological Jouknal and Science of Health. July, Contents : John G. Saxe ; The Future of Phrenology; Familiar talks with young readers; A Summer on Puget's sound; History of Block Books; The Victorian Jubice; A GUI's Problem; The bottomless jug; From Life; The Croaker Sistei-s; One Phase of Social Science; Conformity to Law; Dysentery; Postures of the Body; Notes in Science, Poetry, etc., etc. Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 775 Broadway, N. Y. Hall's Journal of Health. July, Contents: Psyeometry; Physiognomy of the nose; Bathing, its agency in Therapeutics; Epistaxis, or bleeding of the Nose; Language of the Hand; Physiognomy illustrated; A curious Pathological Phenomenon; A New Remedy for Burns; Physical Decay of Cities; The Vassar Girls; Spiders; Wonderful Discoveries ; Relation of Exercise to Health; Food Adulterations, etc., etc. Office 206 Broadway, N. Y. Oilman's Historical Readers. By Arthur Oilman, M. A. The Publishers inform us that the Readers are given to the public that the youngest readers, in schools and families, may obtain a simple and clear account of the growth of our Nation, and of the events that preceded its birth on the continent of America. They are based upon the works of the latest and best historical students. Peace and not war, is the subject of the Readers,- - patriotism and not sectionalism. The series includes three volumes,- -1. The Discovery and Exploration of America.- -2. The Colonization of America.- -3. The making of the American Nation. No. 1, from the romantic nature of its story, is appropriate for the use of the youngest pupi's. No. 2, is more difficult, and the style is naturally adapted to the slight progress that ought to be made in using No. 1.- -No. 3, is still larger, and as it discusses the principles of government, and the great topics that have engaged the attention of the American people during the last century, it may be used by a class a little more advanced. All are printed in large type and are strongly bound for the use of schools. Published by the Interstate Pub. Co. Chicago and Boston.