CONTINUING IN TEMPTATION. NANCY G. DANFORTH. 'Ye are they who have continued with me in my temptations. ' This was spoken to the disciples a short time before the crucifixion. They had not been called at the time of the temptation in the wilderness, as Jesus had not then commenced to preach the gospel. He had not said to any one, ' Follow me. ' Still they had stood with him in his temptations. They had witnessed the strife in his spirit, when he made the scourge and drove the money changers from the temple ; also when it was said that he was angry '' being grieved for the hardness of their hearts. ' He had labored among them and sought to inspire them with a knowledge of his mission on the earth, but they were so encased in an armor of self-righteousness that they would not receive his word ; therefore his righteous soul was vexed with their stupiditv. Again when in the weakness of humanity he prayed ; 'Let this cup pass from me,' they also witnessed the humble submission with which he bowed to his Father's will. It was in this dependent spirit that he was enabled to say ' I have overcome the world, ' the worldly within the human heart which placed him within the reach of temptation. When he had triumphed, he could say, 'The prince of this world cometh and hath nothing in me.' There was no outward display of strife or bloodshed to obtain this great victory, nought but the constant daily self denial all the way along until the warfare ended, his disciples had been with him, and had not deserted him during the struggle. From this we also may learn a lesson. Whenever we see a brother or sister under temptation or trial, we should continue with such in the spirit of love, and aid them all in our power, with a kind look, an encouraging word, or an earnest prayer, and not turn from them and judge harshly or condemn ; for we know not the struggle of the soul for victory. Let us therefore, as Christian believers, continue with those in temptations realizing that by our influence, souls may be saved or lost. Many times the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak. Canterbury, N. H.