Whitworth's reply to Westbrook. [Contributed by Elder H. L. Eads.] R. B. Westbrook challenges me to an array of passages from the utterance of Jesus as against those of Cicero, Seneca, etc., touching the universal brotherhood of man. Of what avail? If I ignored the prior claims of these ancient moralists, it was because I preferred the substance to the shadow. Glimmerings towards the great truth of human brotherhood had come to the minds of Cicero, Seneca, and others, it is true. But they were merely rudimentary, lacking the very soul that could alone culminate in the universal bond reached by Christ. It was not in the nature of the moral system of ethics they taught to attain to any such result. They reached to no higher aim than education of the reasoning faculties. They appealed to the intellect, not to the feelings; to the head, not to the heart. How was it possible that true conception of universal brotherhood could grow from this? Did appeals to the intellect ever make a bad man good? No man so depraved who will not agree that right is better than wrong; and yet in spite of all the moral ethics that were ever taught, not excepting the Sermon on the Mount, he will keep straight on in his selfish career of wickedness as if no such moral teaching had been uttered; hence, if it was to his interest to hold a fellow being in bondage, or pppress him for his own profit, no teachings of Cicero nor any of the other ancient philosophers would ever lead to the universal bond of brotherly love that was first offered by Jesus in his scheme of human salvation. Let us take a brief estimate of the world's condition from the earliest periods to the time of Cicero. All the way down the normal condition of mankind was one of incessant war. Homer shows that a man was only safe in his life and possessions so long as the strength of his right arm could defend them. The moment he lost vigor from age or infirmity, he was in danger of being stripped by marauding neighbors. The universal rule of rapine and murder was shown by Ulysses when he landed on the coast of Thracia and found a city, he instantly killed and plundered the people; not because he had any quarrel with them. It was simply in accord with the universal spirit of the world's inhabitants. As with wild beasts, the moment two strangers met they fought to the death. All men not bound by ties of family were at deadly enmity. When families became banded into tribes, they warred on sight with every other tribe, and all they did not kill, reduced to hopeless servitude- - men, women and children, and their offspring after them. So when tribes became joined into nations, there was the one perpetual system of rapine and bloodshed, and conquered peoples doomed to slavery. With the Roman empire came the first approach to wider acknowledgement of human brotherhood, undoubtedly emanating from the moral teaching of Cicero and kindred philosophers. After a long course of brutal conquest, subjugated nations were joined under one common government, and the rights of citizenship extended to those not of Roman blood. Eminent men of Rome were of foreign extraction. Aurelius, Trajan, Seneca and Martial were Spaniards; Severus was an African, and many of the leading jurists were of oriental extraction. From this grew a sort of brotherly unity among nations heretofore engaged in perpetual war. Then came what poets were pleased to call the golden age. Was it such a state of universal brotherly love as Jesus sought to establish? The able writer of 'Ecce Homo' tersely states : 'It was something worse than an iron age. Never did men live under such a crushing sense of degradation; never did they look back with such bitter regret; never were the vices that spring out of despair so rife; never was sensuality cultivated so methodically; never was calumny so abundant or so gross. If morality depended on laws, or happiness be measured by comfort, this would have been the most glorious era in the past history of mankind. In fact it was one of the meanest.' Add to this, that the great mass of the people were held in absolute bondage. The Greek nation, the home of the great moral philosophers, with all its learning and love of art, was rotten to the core with licentiousness and human degradation. Did it enter the conception of any of these sages to offer thp hand of fellowship to the down-crushed helots, to bind up their broken wounds, to say 'Come with me to enjoy the common fatherhood of God?' What living principle of universal brotherhood did Cicero or Seneca impart to these? Jesus attained no high excellence of learning ; but his great soul yearned to lift the lowly and oppressed into the realm of light that comes from righteousness. Like Jesus, Socrates had his disciples. To what purpose? Enable them, as isolated individuals, to draw correct conclusions between right and wrong. If their hearts chanced to be THE selfishly cold or -ensually impure, how was this to make them better, or cement the ties of brotherly love! The very superiority of educated intellect that lifted Cicero and Ms compeers among the philosophers to their high standard of excellence was built on the cruel oppression and debasement of the great mass of the people. What of human brotherhood was there in this? The very fact that he was content to enjoy his lofty position and superior privileges with no pity for the groaning helots on whose sweat and Mood he was held above the common plane of humanity, gives ample proof that no true conception of universal brotherhood had touched his heart. Jesus was the first to give living force to this true conception when he uttered his sublime prayer: 'Our Father, who art in Heaven.' Hereon lay the only rock of salvation on which universal love in humanity could possibly rest. It took in the Jew and Gentile, the Christian and the Pagan, bond and free; in a word, the whole earth's people into one family, the children of one heavenly father, equal heirs of righteousness to the kingdom of God. Best of all, Jesus lived what he taught. His wonderful career was summed up in a single sentence. He went about doing good. He healed the sick, fed the hungry, and spoke such words of brotherly love as have thrilled to the core of heart with cheer and comfoit through all the world. His whole mission was one of blessing to mankind. What record have we that Cicero or Seneca ever stepped aside from their proud elevation on the forum to bind up the bruised spirit of some lowly stricken one? Not in all their teaching, admirable as much of it was, can be found such teaching to brotherly love as this : 'Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them that despitefully use you and persecute you, that ye may be the children of your Father which is in Heaven.' Could this spirit prevail and not cement all humanity into universal brotherhood? Say it is beyond the power of frail humanity to fully reach so high a plane. It tends irresistibly to the peace and love that bring all men into brotherhood. Jesus not only taught it, but lived it, and gave up his life for it. The quality of a thing is best seen in its results. A good tree is known by its fruits. What are the fruits that have come from the teaching of Cicero? You find it in the cultivation of intellect in high grade schools and colleges. To the aim of broadening conception of universal human brotherhood? I trow not. Scarcely one in ten thousand of the mass of the people have heard the name of Cicero; not one in a hundred thousand have been moved to rule their life's conduct to righteous living by anything he ever uttered. But the name of Jesus is known of all men in the civilized world; and for his grand life work and death he is revered and worshiped by the king on his throne, by great statesmen like Gladstone, such eminent men of science as Herschel and Sir Isaac Newton, down to the humblest laborer in his beggared hut, the crushed slave beneath the cruel lash of a master. Even the mighty Napoleon was constrained to say, when composing the grandeur of Jesus' mission and sccomplishment against his own, that the Nazarene must have been divine. Religio-Philosophical Journal.