Elder H. C. Blinn, editor of the Manifesto: The July number has... Ayer. Mass.. July 1887. Elder H. C. Blinn, Editor of The Manifesto :- -The July number has much that is interesting, encouraging, instructive and suggestive. Interesting and encouraging in the account of *the very friendly, welcome reception of the missionaries in the old world, bearing the same testimony for which our ancestors were driven from England to this then struggling country for freedom from the despotism of church and state, akin to the jaws of a wild beast. Here again to be hunted by the imported cubs of that same beast, until an infidel government was formed which knew neither kings nor priests, but in whose secular hand was a naming sword turning every way to guard the sacred rights of man, and on whose banner was the brightest ensign of freedom that ever blessed the earth. And may not the most ardent look back (with no fear of that fabled Lot of Salt) on the dial of time and feel grateful for what doubt and investigation have done, despite their foes, faith and finality. Instructive, indeed, is that inspired pen that pricks the vain and heartless bubble of jealousy, that obstinate foe to human happiness, ihxtcoiling serpent with restless tongue, glittering eyes and cruel fangs. It always carries a concealed dagger to defend the love of self. Let its service be the service of warning and never entertain it as a visitor. It would fain come to stay and 80 inflate the imagination that you would become an exile surrounded by uou'd be friends only for your ugly companion. Jealousy is both cause and effect, aggressor and victim ; while favoritism is both soil and fertilizer fur the poisonous weed. Beware of both and be nobly free. And ask, ''is my soul delighted when others are blessed, and do I their happiness seek ? ' There is enough of warning to form a resolution in every young mind to subdue, bind, yea, kill this '' basest wolf that travels the devil's forest round.' Cultivate at home what you would admire in a visitor. If jealousy will live, either on favoritism or fancy, chain it at home, aud starve it out. Never vex your friends with the apprehension of mad dogs. Suggestive is the query, 'What of the future of Shakerism?' 1 am at one with the writer of that splendid article. If a sacred regard and rigid adherence to first principles had been the rule, 'the simplicity in which Ann Lee established them, the Shaker societies would now be a great power in the social, industrial, political and religious world.' Personal adoration will never atone for lack of living principles. Improved methods of cultivating the soil will bring an acceptable harvest, while the stars will shine without our praise or prayers. ' Divine things can never die.' Compare one hundred years ago with now, and be grateful that the assumed deities have retired from the affairs of men ; that the noblest and best are permitted to live and bless this green beautiful earth, that their blood is not required 'for Christ's sake.' Elijah Myrick.