Dear Br. Cooke: All your letters arrived... South Union. Ky. Dear Bit. Cooke :- -All your liters arrived .safely aud arc acknowledged. There are inquiries respecting your health aud I am j.leas - - to letirtl that you are improving. I hope to live to see that the seed which you plant is neither rotted in the ground, nor picked up by the fowls of the air. You are right, encourage no one to come to our home for the '- - loaves and fishes.' But if you can find any good people who are willing; to take a strong aud perpetual yoke upon their necks, and who are ready to renounce the devil and all his works, the pomp and vanities of this wicked world, and all the sinful lusts of the flesh, and feel like keeping God's holy will and commandments, and walk in the same all the days of their lives, we say, let them come, even at the risk of great disappointment. True, this is no ordinary vow. and it is sad to know how few keep it ; yet every one should feel that he bears this yoke, aud that if he breaks it or throws it away, it is at the risk of his final destruction. My purpose is to bear the evils and calamities of life, with less pain of spirit, to murmur against no dispensation of Providence, to bear ingratitude and unkindness, as things beyond my control, and though friends and confidents should fail, to depend more upon my everlasting friend, who never can fail, and who to the unkindly treated, will cause all such things to work together for their good. As to wicked men we must suffer them, for the wicked will do wickedly, that is their nature, and from them nothing can be expected. I no longer like strange company of any kind, not that I have fallen out with the world, for I feel nothing of t' e misanthrope. If God wills it I am willing to live on here to the day of my departure. I am ready to spend and be spent for the salvation of good men, and in manv things I think I am gaining the victory. It is hard to swim against the stream. I have labored to be useful. I have suffered and not fair ted ; but still, I may truly say that I have been an unprofitable servant. 1 trust the Almighty will have compassion upon my failings,- - smile upon the little good I have done and make it a blessing to myself as well as to others. The testimony of eternal life makes but little headway through the ranks of the world. The cause is apparent. A lukewarmness and selfishness prevails, until scarcely enough are left to light the lamp of God or to keep watch in the city by night. If '^order is the first law of heaven,' how ruinous the want will appear in all things to which its influence reaches. Want of method 'ind order is like the withering blast of the desert, it ruins every green thing. As everything should have its place, so every place should have its proper occupant. 'Go to' my brother, sound the trumpet, gather in well drilled soldiers and the victory is ours. The time has arrived, the mighty struggle has commenced. All the outworks of corruption must be carried and the battle turned to the gate. May God keep you from the pestilence that worketh in darkness, as well as the destruction that wasteth at noon-day, is the prayer of your friend and brother, C. L. Nelson.