THE BEST GIFTS, The apostle, so earnest in his exhortations and so solicitous for the protection and redemption of all who entered the church of Christ, would have us 'covet earnestly the best gifts;' gifts which were a ministration of light and life to those who loved the peaceable fruits of righteousness. He would have us learn that Christ was the spirit of wisdom, and that the manifestation of this spirit was in harmony with the laws of God. That the church or spiritual body must harmonize in all its parts, as did the natural body. Inharmony produced confusion. There were diverse gifts, and yet they were all of the same spirit. All could not become apostles, neither could all be prophets,, nor teachers nor be able to manifest the gift of healing. No one would dispute but that all these beautiful gifts belonged to the church of God, and were calculated to inspire the mind for good and for God. With a little observation we may find many lessons in our midst equally as potent. In the diffusion of God's blessing among those whom we are pleased to denominate as his children, we find one gifted in prayer, another in exhortation, and another in singing. One is especially prudent in the things of this world, while another has great care for the treasures of the kingdom of God. Some are abundantly blessed with faith, and are led to believe that all things will work for good to those who love the Lord. That every gift be it large or small may be harmoniously adjusted. That human nature is about the same now as it was in the days of the apostle, and that good calculation urges every one to covet earnestly the best gifts, that are to be found among men, for it is better to be intelligent than to be ignorant, better to be honest than to be deceitful, and far better to use the things of this world as not abusing them, than to be wealthy and covetous, to be in power and be tyrannical or to obtain a titled name among men and then expect everybody to do homage. All of these may be gifts but only the best should be coveted. And after these have been attained the apostle says, I will show unto you a more excellent way. Have charity, have love. It is the manifestation of universal good will to men. We must bear in mind that the members of the apostle's church had already destroyed their idols, which is more than can be said of all Christian churches, and had refused even the invitation to sit at the idolater's table. They could prophesy of wonderful things that would come to pass, especially upon the THE 1887. TERMS. ungodly; they could work miracles, heal the sick, speak with tongues and yet they remained uncharitable as a church. Universal good-will to man, and love to God is no less than the gospel of good news, no less than the testimony of Jesus Christ which is to save the world,- -and this is love,- -bearing all things, enduring all things, thinking no evil, but rejoicing in the truth. To indulge in an unkind criticism in regard to each other is very uncharitable. It generates evil influences, and largely multiplies sin upon the earth. If the gospel of Jesus Christ is the best gift of God to man, there love and charity stand promineut among the divine lessons which the disciple is privileged to learn. Whoever has in possession these beautiful gifts, should extend them and allow their own lives to be so moulded into the better state, that those who see the changed conditions from ig norance to intelligence may thankfully and with pleasure glorify God. Whosoever worketh righteousness is righteous, and as many as are led by the spirit of God they are the sons and daughters of God.