THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE The history of the development and growth of the English language, may be traced in the numerous versions of the Old and New Testaments, as found in manuscripts and old printed volumes. The following are specimens : In the Durham book, translated 950, the Lord's Prayer reads : Fader uren thu arth in hoefnum, sie gehalgud noma thin ; to cymeth ric thin ; sie willo thin susels in heofne &amp; in earthe, &amp;c. In the Ormulum, translated about 1225, John i., 35 reads : Thffirafiterr onn an otherr dagg [day] Stod sannt Johar. Bapptisste. Tweggen [two] stodenn thasr with th hirnm Off his Learninngenihhtess [Disciples] Richard Rolla, about 1325 translated the Twenty-third psalm after the following style : Oin lord gouerneth me u 1 nothynge to aiy slial wantestede of pasturethar he me sette. In the water of the hotytijt firth he me brought; my soule he turnyde, etc. Wycliffv, 1380, translated Matthew vi,. 24, as follows : No man may serue to two lordlft, forsotho outlier he sehal hate the toon and lone the other, outher he sehal susteyne the toon and disj)ise the totlier. Ye mowne not serve to God and richessis. In Tyndale's Bible, 1580, Genesis xliii., 11, was rendered thus : Than their father Israel sayde unto the, yf it must nedes be so now : than do thus, take of the best frutes of the lande in your vesselles, and brynge the man a present, a curtesie bawlme, and a curtesie of hony spyces and myrre, dates and almondes. In Coverdale's Bible, 1535, Mark xiv., 1 is thus printed: An after two dayes was Easter, and the daies of swete bred. And ye hye prestes &amp; scrybes sought how they might take him with disceate &amp; put him to death But they sayde : Not in the feast daye, lest there be an uproure in the people. The same passage was printed in the great Bible, 1539. thus : After two dayes was Easter and the dayes of swete breed. And the hye prestes and thscribes sought how they myghte take him by crafte &amp; put Him to deeth. But they sayde. Not in the feast daye. leest any busynes aryse amonge the people. In the Douay Bible, 1609, Genesis xliii, 12, is rendered as follows : Duble money also carie with you, and recarie that you founde in your saekes, lest perhaps it was done by an errour. Student's Journal.