TEXT selected for Evening Conference. ' Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone; but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit.' My Dear Associates ;- -Agreeably to my promise, I this evening present you my simple version of the wonderful text quoted last week for our consideration, together with the valuable lessons it suggested to my thought while pondering the truths it embodies. I presume you are each aware of the long established fact in the vegetable world, that every perfect seed contains the germ of a future plant similar to itself. Thus the corn of wheat instanced by our Savior was evidently supposed by him to contain all the elements necessary for the future wheat plant; and also that such acted upon by proper agencies must apparently die, or change, in order to live again in a uew form ; for remember, 'except it die. if abideth alone.' In the wheat kernel also we find that there is stored a substance which is evidently intended to nourish the life principle of the future plant. This substance, when ground, is known as flour. All ripened seeds, so Botany teaches, are miniature plants, living yet sleeping, but carefully sealed up for better transportation in future. If a seed continued to remain intact or impervious to moisture, it may sleep on for a series of years, thus, as the text reads, 'it abideth alone.' On the contrary, if rightly conditioned, it will eventually commence its wonderful development aad growth. Let us folloAv the curious phenomena as witnessed in plant life. Take an acorn for instance, which, perchance, having fallen into its approximate soil, and which having lain a certain time, anon bursts its shell where a tiny radicle may be seen peeping out from between its prison walls. Soon very soon however, the radicle becomes a rootlet and speedily directs its course downward; next the plumule shoots forth a little stem above the soil with a bud at its top, directing its course upward toward air and sunlight; meanwhile the rootlet continues to lengthen, enters the soil and divides into branches and fibers, all completely covered with fibrils. Through the latter our miniature plant draws nourishment from the soil. It no longer depending upon the parent seed for support, strikes deeper and deeper into the fertile earth, while the little bud mentioned is mounting higher and higher toward the light and gradually unfolding into stem, leaf and blossom. Thus is marvelously consummated the great miracle of growth in the vegetable world ; a miracle which all the wise men of the past or present could neither imitate nor perform. From this process of apparent death and subsequent life in the plant, it seems that we can draw a clearer inference from the Savior's meaning as applied to our spiritual unfoldment; and also that a similar process must be operative in the development and growth of that germ of immortality which exists in every 'Temple of the living God.' This vital principle, which every human being possesses, needs the divine light of truth and holy influences to attract it heavenward ; while the physical still remains a tenant of earth. Removed from these influences by inherent selfishness the mind is like the kernel of wheat which abideth alone, however long it may continue to exist. THE They whose spiritual faculties are never quickened into a divine consciousness of duty, as immortals, may be said to sleep like the plant, and consequently such experience no change, no advance in a higher life ; no real growth in Christian charity, love and fellowship. To die daily then to selfish loves, tastes and appetites is the only way to live anew and bring forth fruit worthy the Christian character and name. Your sister. A. C. Stickney.