WHY WE WEAR UNIFORM? [Contributed by J. B. Vance.] One would almost think to hear some people talk, yea, and even some of our professed friends, that it was really more humble to dress like the ' world ' than to wear uniform, and that to have salvation in our hearts, and in our outward dress was a sign of inconsistency. How often one hears the uniform, and those who wear it, slightingly spoken of by those who themselves have not got the moral courage to wear it, although professed followers of Jesus ! Says one, 'If I thought MY RELIGION WAS IN MY BONNET, I'd burn it!' Well, but why shouldn't your religion be in your bonnet? Would it be any the less a sign that you had Christ in your heart because you acknowledge Him in the shape and style of your bonnet? Rather one should expect to hear a child of God say, that if their religion was not in their bonnet they would burn it. 'God doesn't look at the cut of a man's coat,' says another. We humbly beg to differ. God does look at every action of a child of His. What! would you have us believe that it is a matter of indifference to God whether His people dress like the world or not? 'O,' but you say, 'we don't go in for dressing up gaudily, but we like to look decent and respectable.' Yes, and in your 'looking decent and respectable,' you look so much like the unsaved world, that no one could tell whether you were on the Lord's side or the world's side from your outward appearance. But. you say, ' Would you then have everyone dress in Salvation Army uniform?' We answer, we would have everyone who professes to be a child of God, 'come out from among the ungodly and be separate.' We would have them, 'not conformed to this world;' we would, therefore, have them not to dress like the 'world' but to be so 'transformed, inwardly and outwardly by the renewing of their minds' as to make it manifest to all around by their outward dress, as well as by their inward lives, that they are followers ot Him who was 'not of the world.' Why do professed Christians persist in dressing like the world? We maintain that it is because, in heart, whatever they may be by profession, they are of the world. They esteem the world's friendship. They will not ' Come out from among them, and be separate;' they will have so much, and only so much, religion and swim with the tide. The secret of it all is they love themselves, their own skins, their good name, their reputation, their own ease better than they love God, and numberless are the excuses they have on hand to justify their conduct. What a mean, dishonest style of argument it is to pretend there is nothing in dress and that it is NO CROSS TO WEAR UNIFORM ! Why don't these modest people who say so put it on and try? Go through the streets of a crowded city on a Saturday evening, in full uniform, with a bundle of War Crys to sell, and then talk about there being 'nothing in dress,' and no cross in wearing uniform ! Does the devil molest a person going inoffensively along dressed in the ordinary style of the world? Of course not. Why? Because they are not damaging his kingdom by doing that; but let them take the course we have just described, and see how they come on! They will soon find out there is a devil, and also that a very large number of those they meet are serving him; nice, respectable, quiet-looking people, whom they would have thought saints, under ordinary circumstances, they now find are possessed of the devil. Why? Because these nice quiet people hate the light that condemns them, because their consciences are pricked, because they are of the devil, and the right of anyone wearing something openly and boldly for God in their midst is more than they can tolerate; they hate him in consequence, and many of them, could they have their way, would serve him the same as the Jews served Jesus Christ; and yet our modest friends tell us there is 'nothing in dress,' and that it is pharisaical to wear something to show you belong to God. What an awful Pharisee Daniel must hare been to have prayed three times a day with his window open. Why didn't he shut it? He could have prayed just as well with it shut? Because he had a living God in Him; because he was not a coward; because he was resolved to be true to God, in defiance of the devil and the world, and for the selfsame reasons the Salvation Army means to wear uniform. Take the case of a man at work among his shopmates. Let him be an ordinary Christian; does anyone molest him? No; he can jog along peaceably enough. Before we were saved we worked with several such Christians for years, and never suspected they professed to be followers of Jesus until we got saved and began to talk to them about salvation, when to our astonishment they professed to be saved also, and to have been saved years. But let a man wear a bit of the Army ribbon on his working dress, HE 18 A MARKED MAN AT ONCE. Let him do anything wrong or inconsistent with his profession now, he'll soon hear about it. Why? Because the bit of ribbon is a continual and open confession to all around that he professes to belong to God, and, so far from desiring to hide the fact under a bushel, he is desirous that all shall know it; and, secondly, because such a person is a standing rebuke to sinners and lukewarm professors. One thing more- -just in proportion as a person takes up his cross and boldly stands for God in defiance of men or devils, in just such proportion do they enjoy the presence and fulness of God in their souls. 'He that will save his life shall lose it, and he that will lose his life for My sake shall find it.' Which side do you belong to? One Who Loves Keality. From, the War Cry.