Respected friend: In answer of your favor... REPLY, Mt, Lebanon, N. Y., July 2, 1887. C. M., Exeter, N. H. Respected Friend:- -In answer of your favor of June 23rd, I beg to say that a full reply to y- -ur questions would necessitate the writing of a small volume, which the multitude of other duties forbids. However I will endeavor to gratify your wishes as far as possible within the limits of a letter. 1. History. The history of Shakers and Shakerism is bound up in the history of the Christian church from the remotest primitive times up to the present day. The truths which our Savior Jesus Christ taught were to be applied to two separate orders- -the earthly and the spiritual. The former was to conform to the standard of righteousness as set forth in the Mosaic law, i. e. they were to do right in all their social and private, political, commercial and economic relations ; while the adherents of the latter were neither to marry nor to be given in marriage, but to be as the angels in heaven ; they were not to hold private property, not to mix in political affairs, forsaking father and mother, wife, husband and children, houses and lands, tor the kingdom of heaven's sake, and live apart from the world, being: obedient to the requirements of their faith in all things. These principles were largely adopted in the early church where celibacy and community of goods were distinguished features. The celibacy of the priesthood and the mouasticism of the Roman catholic and Greek catholic churches, and the movement now going on within the Episcopal church for the creation of celibate societies, are all recognitions of the same principles. Modern Shakerism was founded in the latter part of the eighteenth century by Ann Lee, of Manchester, who resuscitated from oblivion the divine principles of the higher life and embodied them in a rational commonsense system of theology and practical life. 2. Customs. Believers, called Shakers, dress plainly and for comfort an.! utility ; they do not follow the ups and riovvns oi' the fashions of this world; they use plain forms of speech ; men and women dwell apart, yet are united as Brethren and Sisters, taking their meals together in silence, aud meeting in social intercourse and devotional worship. All are expected to take part in physical labor according to capacity aud training, and all good Believers engage freely in spiritual labor for the overcoming of the world within and for the acquisition and maintenance of true gospel faith and practice. 3. Religious services. Religious services are held in family privacy aud at the society meeting he use, and are conducted by elders appointed for that purpose. The exercises consist of marching, singing and speaking, and the cultivation of such spiritual gifts as may best meet the necessities of individuals and societies. 4. Requirements for membership. Persons desirous of uniting with us must adjust all lawful debts and obligation they may be under. Married people are expected either to separate by mutual consent or legal process and the right of children are to be carefully guarded. The first step on entering is the confession of all known sin in the presence of a witness. Novitiate members may re tain control of their property ; covenaut members consecrate all interests to the use of the society. Obedience to the authority vested in Elders and other offi cials and faithful conformity to such rules and orders as '\re or may be established, is required of all. 5. Baptism. Nay ; the Shakers do not baptize with water, neither by sprinkling nor immersion. While they have a profound admiration for the efficacy of water, when frequently and freely applied in connection with soap and sponge and towel, the baptism they believe in and are seeking for is that spiritual baptism that even Jesus declared he was much straightened to obtain. 6. Creed. Nor have the Shakers a written creed or formal articles of faith, but they hold to certain well-defined principles the fruits of which appear in the inner life and outward appearance of Shaker communities. They also possess a complete system of theology that for beauty, simplicity and sound sense challenges comparison with any other system, old or new. They believe iu God as the creator and sustainer of the universe and worship him as the Father and Mother of all. Jesus Christ, a man divinely inspired to teach and reveal by word and example the truth of life and immortality, our Elder Brother ; Mother Ann, a follower of Jesus, our Elder Sister; the resurrection of the bo:'y is denied, but the immortality of all good souls rejoiced in ; the communion with the spirit world is accepted, but the external phenomena of spiritualism are considered as of rather doubtful utility ; there is progressive development of the soul in the next world- -'the gospel will be preached to all in the spirit-land,' was the teaching of Mother Ann ; an endless hell does not exist, but souls suffer the consequences of their wrong-doing till repented of and atoned for, while the good and the righteous enjoy the fruits of well-doing. It is held that the Bible contains a large portion of the word of God- -not all, but for its interpretation neither Rome nor Westminster, Andover or Princeton, are appealed to. Shakers do not believe in the propriety of making themselves unhappy and miserable in this world for the sake of being happy in the next. A. good Shaker is the most thoroughly happy being in existence. Why not ? The world, the flesh and the devil have no attractions for him ; he is at peace with God, himself and his neighbor; he lives by the fruit of his own labor and owes no man anything but love and good will; he is prepared at any time, come the call to-day or to-morrow, to meet the blessed realities of the unseen world. This felicity is not, of course, obtained by the mere adoption and outward conformity to Shaker life and rule ; it is a matter of growth, labor, and patient endeavor. What do you think of it all? I am your friend and well wisher, Louis Basting.