TESTIMONY OF JETHRO TURNER. In the spring of the year 1780, we heard of a religious people residing in the wilderness, about seven miles northwest of Albany, who were different from all other sects known in the world. During the preceding year, there had been a great out-pouring of the spirit of conviction, which produced a remarkable revival of religion in and about New-Lebanon. The subjects of this revival felt assured by the spirit of prophecy which attended it, that the commencement of the latter day of glory was approaching, and very near at hand, and were therefore anxiously looking for it. But knowing that the world was full of professions, and that false religion greatly abounded, they were determined not to be imposed upon by any religious pretensions which did not save the soul from sin, and afford that enduring substance of spiritual life which could not die away. With these impressions, some of the leading characters of the late revival, at the solicitation of the people, went to see these strangers, to inquire into the nature of their religion. After a close and careful examination, they were fully satisfied, and on their return made a favorable report, and advised (he people to go and see, and judge for themselves. Soon after this, many of the inhabitants of New-Lebanon and the neighboring towns, went to visit these singular people and satisfy themselves ; and they were soon convinced that this little family, who dwelt ia the wilderness, retired from all the rest of the world, were the people of the living God and possessed the gospel of salvation. In June following, I went, in company with my father, to see them, being then sixteen years of age. We were kindly received by Mother Ann Lee and her little family. Several young people of my acquaintance were there at the time; and the weather being warm, Mother Ann came out and took a seat in the shade ol the house ; and we soon gathered round her to see how she looked, and what she would say to us. She spoke to us iu the following manner : 'They that are wise will consider their latter end before it be too late. Itisa beautiful sight to see young people set out to follow Christ in the regeneration, before the evil days come.' I asked, ilow shall we follow Christ? She said, '- -'There is no one that can follow Christ short of confessing and forsaking all their sins.' She also spoke in substance as follows: ''They that are young, who make it their abiding choice to follow Christ in the regeneration, will find it much easier to travel into the gifts of God, in the union of the spirit, than those that have lived many years in the sins of the world : or every work of the flesh is death to the soul.' There were several young people present who had already confessed their sins, and had received the power of God which was manifested in various and marvelous operations, in signs and visions, in speaking with tongues, prophesying. But these gifts of the Spirit, though marvelous and striking, did not operate so effectually upon my feelings, as the heart-searching power of Mother Ann's labors with me the next morning. Here she wrought up m my sensibility, and made me feel the force of the cross to some purpose. Nothing in nature, nothing short of Divine Power could have given me such a feeling and powerful sense of the cross of Christ ag .inst a carnal nature, as her labors at this time. I had, the day before, manifested a state of mind by no means consistent with the demeanor of a humble penitent seeking the mercy of God, and meekly subjecting to the cross of Christ for salvation ; but had rather affected to consider the cross as no weighty matter with me. I was therefore fully convinced that this powerful sensation of the cross was laid upon my spirit, to show me that I could not treat the cross as a trifling matter, without being bi'ought to feel its force. Here I received the first planting of the gospel of Christ in my soul; and here was the beginning of my obedience to my gospel parents. After Mother Ann had given my father some counsel concerning his family, and taught us our duty in the path of righteousness, we returned home. In about two or three weeks from this time, I went again to see Mother and the Elders at Watervliet, where, after opening my mind, I found much comfort and releasement. At this time they were thronged with people from different places, who came to see the work of God. The testimony of the gospel was strong and powerful against the man of sin, and all that was of the world- -'the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye and the pride of life.' Believers daily increased in numbers, and grew in the knowledge of the gospel, and in the gifts of God. But the more Believers increased in number, and in the power and gifts of the Spirit, so much the more did the enmity of the wicked rage against the work of God ; which was vented out in malignant slanders and false accusations against Mother and the Elders. These accusations brought against Mother Ann and the Elders were known to be false ; because the Believers were personally and intimately acquainted with her, having been, more or less of them, continually with her, by day and night, from the time the people in this country began to embrace her testimony till she left this world ; except when she was in prison at Poughkeepsie; and even there she was several times visited by them. So that they well knew, and were fully able to bear witness to the purity of her life and character, and could easily see from what spirit such accusations proceeded. After Mother Ann and the Elders were imprisoned in Albany, I went to see them again, and was permitted to enter the prison where they were, and stayed with them some time. Their spirits were clothed with meekness and innocence; and though their bodies were confined within the walls of a prison, yet their souls were not bound. Here they worshiped God, and sung his praise in heavenly songs. Nor was the word of God bound : for they preached the gospel through the grates of their prison, to multitudes of people ; and mauy there embraced it, and set out thenceforth in the way of eternal life. I was frequently with them from the time I first found them till they left this world. And in all my acquaintance with Mother Ann, in all places, I never saw anything in her but the image and spirit of Christ. Her temperance in eating and drinking; her patience and resignation tn tribulation and sufferings ; her firmness, meekness and humility in times of persecution and affliction, all bore incontestible evidence of the spirit of Christ, with which her soul was abundantly filled. The s-ame remarks will apply to Elders William Lee and James Whittaker, who were her companions in tribulation, and helpers in the ministration of the gospel. Their unbounded love to the souls of men- - their kindness and charity to the poor, and their exemplary lives and manners in all things, were evident manifestations of that heavenly spirit which dwelt in them. When we visited Mother Ann, and heard her testimony, we found that the first thing required of a convicted soul, in order to obtain admittance into her society, was to make an honest coufession to God, in the presence of one or more of his witnesses, of every sin, whether secret or open, and to forsake them forever. By actually doing this, we gained her union, and felt the boundless love of Christ flow from her into our souls. The next thing required was, in case we had injured any of our fellow creatures, in person or property, by theft, or fraud or violence, or wronged any one, in any way or manner whatever, we murt make confession and restitution to the satisfaction of the injured party. By doing these things we found forgiveness of God. and felt his blessed power and gifts flew in upon us, in various ways and manners, blessing all our undertakings, both iu things spiritual and temporal. The next requirement was, to put our hands to labor and our hearts to God, and pay all our just debts. '- - In so doing,' said Mother, ''God will bless you iu your basket and in your store ; and you will soon be able to pay your debts, and have a sufficiency to support your families, and to help the poor and needy the widow and fatherless of this world.' Such were the instructions we received from Mother Ann ; and we to whom these instructions were given, have proved and realized these things by obedience. The blessing of God attended our obedience to Mother's counsel, and we were soon able to discharge our debts, and to assist the poor and needy with a charitable heart and hand ; and our Society is at this day, a standing monument of the truth of these things. It is admitted by all, that the fruit of any tee is the best evidence of the nature of the tree which produced it. And if' Mother Ann's ministration has be.-u productive of good effects on those who received it, then it must certainly have been a good ministration, and must have proceeded from a good source. We know, and can bear witness, that Mother did effect a work of righteousness, which no earthly power, no human wisdom ever did or could effect. That spirit which she administered to us, has turned many souls from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan to God. It has caused the dishonest, the knavish and the fraudulent, to become honest and upright. It has caused the thief to restore his stolen property, and pursue an honest calling for his support. It has caused the idle to become industrious, the prodigal to be prudent, the covetous to be liberal, the false to speak the truth, the proud and haughty to be meek and humble, the contentious and quarrelsome to become peace-makers, the glutton and the drunkard to become temperate, and the lewd and wanton to become chaste and honest. In short, it has caused 'the wicked to forsake their ways, and the unrighteous their thoughts, and turn to the Lord who has had mercy on them, and to God who has forgiven them.' These things we know to be true ;' and now, 'either make the tree good and its fruit good, or else make the tree corrupt and its fruit corrupt: for the tree is known by its fruit.' I can now testify that, by careful obedience to her instructions, and by folfowing her footsteps, I have been saved from the lusts and corruptions that are in the world, and from all sin for many years ; so that I know of a certainty that the way she taught, and in which she walked, is the way of salvation. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. 1826.