NOTES. THE MANIFESTO. SEPTEMBER, Office of publication. The Manifesto is published at Shaker Village, Mer. Co. N. H. All articles for publication should be addressed to Henry C. Blinn, and all letters on financial business to A. Y. Cochran. One cony per year, postage paid, ' ' six months, ' ' Send for specimen copy, free. .75 .40 PREACH THE WORD. The sacred charge that was given to the apostle, in his ministry before men, should never be lo&gt;4 to sight, it may not at all times and under all circumstances be the most popular amoug men and on this account may fail to receive the general approbation. Conditions arise in every age of the world that are held in close correspondence. These have been so marked that they have drawn forth this peculiar expression. 'As it was in the days of Noah, so shall it be in the days of the son of man.' During those two thousand years human nature had not materially changed, so that in the midst of the most wonderful events that had ever transpired in the world, mankind neglected to turn aside from their daily avocations to find safety on earth or to learn righteousness for righteousness' sake. ' They bought and sold, they married and were given in marriage till the day that Noah entered into the ark.' Contemplating that awful catastrophe, from the distance at which we now stand, it seems very stupid in those people that they did not avail themselves of the proffered privilege, as received from Noah, to enter the ark and be saved from destruction. The same indifferent spirit was manifested at the advent of Christ. The loving friend who came with good news and glad tidings ; the messenger bearing the words of eternal life ; the physician sent from God to heal the sick and to raise the dead, received no more attention than did the buying of a yoke of cattle or the ploughing of a newly purchased field. Men continued to buy and to sell and to foster all their evil propensities as though such things were the sum total of life, and nothing higher had appeared to claim their interest. Nearly two thousand more years have passed and a revelation from the resurrection heavens, has in its fulness been given to man. The angel from the temple of God has said, 'Thrust in thy sickle and reap for the harvest of the earth is ripe.' Light from God is now shining from the east to the west, and yet the unchanged human nature goes on as in the days of Noah, and as in the days of the son of man. Witnesses have arisen from time to time and through them the words of living truth have been made manifest. Faithful unto death they have testified of a life above the world and of a time in which the new earth and new heavens would be revealed, wherein all things should be holiness to the Lord. The day dawn of prophecy is with us, when 'judgment will be laid to the line and righteousness to the plummet;- - TERMS 1887. 'When swords and spears of needless worth, Shall prune the trees and plough the earth; When peace shall spread from shore to shore And nations shall learn war no more.' Walking in this light, God's witnesses can have no doubt. Their mission runs parallel with that of the apostle ; 'I charge thee before God and the Lord Jesus Christ, Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season ; reprove, rebuke and exhort.' In this duty so imperative, comes the necessity of using the sharp, two-edged sword, that it may reprove and rebuke wrong in the speaker as well as in the hearer, lest that by any means, as remarked by the Apostle, when I have preached to others, I myself should be a castaway. Let us work with earnestness and care to build upon that foundation as permanently laid through the testimony of Jesus that we may abide in safety through all trials and temptations. The Manifesto returns thanks to our very kind friend, and well wisher Hamilton Arnot for the generous gift of five dollars for the free distribution of our paper.