The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker. No. 18. Published expressly for the several Communities of Believers in 1816. Re-written by Henry C. Blinn. Miraculous Gifts. In the history of the church of God from the earliest ages we have the record of gifts which have been held as miraculous. The healing of the sick has been a speciality. A faithfulness to the laws of God has sometimes been a requisite, and God has healed them, as was promised in Exod. xv., 26. 'It* thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the Lord, thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I brought upon the Egyptians: for I am the Lord that healeth thee;' and in Deut. vii., 15. 'The Lord will take away from thee all sickness, and will put none of the evil diseases of Egypt, which thou knowest, upon thee ; but will lay them upon all them that hate thee.' Since this early date the sick have been healed by prayer, by the laying on of hands, by faith, by signs, by pilgrimages aud by the ministration of spirit influence. The prophets were gifted to heal the sick, and to give sight to the blind. Jesus gave this gift a prominent place in his ministry, and it continued to be one of importance with all of the apostles. Many of these marvelous gifts attended the spiritual work of Mother Ann and the Elders, and were received as among the blessings of the gospel. The Believers, however, never placed these gifts so fully in the foreground as to exclude others of more value. They taught that.the blessed fruits of the gospel, a practical righteousness and a victory over wrong, were the most powerful evidences in favor of its truthfulness, and that honest, upright souls would not be anxious for outward demonstrations. That ten thousand outward or physical miracles would never redeem the soul to God. It was a love for the truth, and a spirit of obedience for the principles of righteousness that would establish the Believer upon a sure foundation. That these gifts of healing have been manifested by the righteous and as well by the unrighteous, and given occasion for controversy, which in the end has produced offences against the sacred cause. A better test of a divine life is,- -By their fruits ye shall know them, whether they be good or whether they be evil.' Multitudes of cases might be collected, bearing an extraordinary appearance, but the following may prove sufficient. Noah Wheaten of New Lebanon, was formerly the captain of a whaleship a man of singular courage and invincible fortitude. In the year 1780 in July he was clearing a piece of land about forty rods from his house. On going to a spring for some drink, he jumped from a fence and by mishap, dislocated his ankle, and broke the outer bone of his leg just above the ankle joint. He crawled back to the place of his work, as he was unwilling to go to the house, on account of the enmity of his unbelieving neighbors, to whom he had often testified his faith, and now could expect from them nothing but derision. The pain increased in the swollen ankle, as he continued in the woods, for some two hours or more, and this was accompanied with great distress of mind. At length he crawled home on his hands and knees, under extreme mortification, of spirit for this misfortune, yet he was full of faith and confidence in the gift of miracles which he had so strongly testified to his unbelieving neighbors. He now felt the trial of his faith, and was resolved not to mar his testimony by flinching from it. He refused the assistance of a physician, or any attempt to set the bone, or even any outward application for the mitigating of the pain. Consequently his ankle and leg swelled greatly, and was excessively painful. While in this situation several of his unbelieving neighbors came to see him, and also many of the Believers. Confident of a miraculous cure to confirm his testimony to the friends present he would not submit to the ordinary means of relief. He remained, as above, from two o'clock P. M. till the evening of the following day, during which time he was in prayer to God for a miraculous cure. While the family were assembled for their evening worship, the spirit of God came upon him, and he was taken from his seat and whirled swiftly around on his feet like a top for nearly two hours, without the least pain or inconvenience. He then retired to rest, well and comfortable, and the next morning arose in health and took his team to plow in the field. The neighbors hearing of the miraculous cure came to see him, and to express their wonder at so remarkable au event. Phebe Spencer of New Lebanon in the year 1781 while erossiug a bridge, the horse broke through throwing her backwards, and falling upon the timbers broke two of her ribs, on the right side. She was carried into the house in an insensible condition. The neighbors urged her to send for a physician, but she could feel no freedom to do it, although in extreme pain. Jabesh, her husband, was also asked to send for a physician, but hesitated on account of her objectionable feelings. The neighbors considered this unwillingness to be obstinate wilfulness, and that as she was a Shaker, she would not receive any assistance from the physicians. She still refused to accept medical aid and remained a sufferer till the next Tuesday, when her husband reminded her of the advice given by the Apostle James, 'Is any sick among you, let him call for the Elders of the church,' A proposition was then made to send for some of the Believers, to which Phebe consented. At this time she was unable to rise from her bed. Hezekiah Hammond took hold of her hand, and told her to labor for the power of God, and take faith. She was immediately released so far as to be able to breathe and speak without difficulty. The next day, the whole family kneeled by the side of the bed and soon after she arose and sat in a chair. In a few moments she stood up the recipient of a healing gift. From this time she continued to improve aud did not share the least symptom of pain or inconvenience, arising from the fall. This miraculous gift was accepted by the whole family, Jonathan Turner when nine years of age was chopping wood, aud by a stroke from the ax, received a very bad wound on the top of his foot. He was carried to his home, the wound bleeding profusely. His mother was in distress as she did not know what to do for it. She then retired to another room to pray, aud receiving an answer to her prayers, by being filled with the spirit of God, and feeling confident that it was a gift of healing for her son, she returned directly to the room and put her hand on the wound, and it instantly ceased bleeding. She now walked the floor, and again laid her hand on the wound; this she repeated seven times, during which time it closed up and was healed. The next morning no appearance of the wound was seen, except a small white seam. The boy was fully restored and found no inconvenience from it afterwards. Sarah Jewett of Littleton by a sudden cold, lost her health and for some time was unable to take her food. At this time the Elders were on a visit to Littleton. Father William admonished her, saying,- -'' You do not do as well as you know. Go,' said he, 'and sin no more, lest a worse thing come upon thee.' From this date her health began to impruve, till she was better than ever before. In 1783 Abiathar Babbitt was sick with the mumps and having taken a sudden cold he was dangerously ill. Elder John Hocknell was sent to Petersham to see him, and soon ordered him to take the muffler from his face, which Abiathar resented. Elder John then bid him run aud leap, which he did with much difficulty. Elder John then bid him take faith aud go to work. From that day he was healed of his disease. Elizabeth Robinson of Harvard was suffering with a badly swollen and sore throat. Mother Ann laid her hand on it, and the throat was healed. Lucy Prescott was afflicted with a severe cough, and was reduced to a low state of health. Mother Ann asked Lucy- -'Are you not willing to suffer with me? I experience much suffering.' Lucy answered, 'Yea Mother I am willing,' Mother then gave her a little cordial, but Lucy hesitated to drink it as her stomach was so inflamed. Mother said to her, '' Drink it; it will not hurt you,' and from that time Lucy improved in health. Moses Mixer had his ankle bones dislocated and though they had been set by a skillful surgeon, yet he remained very weak. His friends prevailed on him to visit the Elders at Watervliet. He traveled some distance on foot which increased the swelling and made the ankle, very painful. On reaching the house he was obliged to sit quietly for some time on account of the pain, Elder John Hocknell asked him why he retired and then bid him take faith in God. As Elder John placed his hand upon the swollen limb the pain and swelling immediately left it. and from that moment he was able to walk with neither pain nor distress. Daniel Goodrich went to Watervliet to see the Elders. Some of his children accompanied him. One of the little girls was carried as she by a fall had dislocated the hip, and they had fears that her l'jg would perish. Daniel was sadly afflicted by this circumstance and expressed the same to the Elders. Mother Ann soon after assembled his children in the room and spoke to them. - -'0 Daniel, God has given you a special gift of faith. Signs and operations will fail, but faith and obedience will carry you through. Bear your testimony, purge your house and your family from sin, and you will gather your whole family.' Mother then took the little lame girl to her and placed her hands on the injured part, and said, 'Go home, Daniel, and be faithful. This your child will become well.' They soon left the place and the child was healed. The whole family embraced the faith of the gospel. Zacheus Stevens was on a visit to Watervliet with Eleazer Rand. Zacheus was taken dangerously ill. He informed Mother Ann that he had a large amount of unsettled business. Mother Ann then told him that he must send Eleazer for his horse, as, said she, ' You must take faith and leave tomorrow morning for your home, and you will recover your health. ' This command was unexpected and seemed strange to Zacheus ard to all who saw him. Eleazer thought it very singular to attempt a journey of one hundred and fifty miles, when a man was thought to be so near to death. In obedience to Mother Ann the two Brethren left the place the following morning and traveled thirty miles the first dav and on the whole journey Zacheus continued to increase in strength and arrived at his own house in Harvard Mass., in comf rtable health. John Bishop of New Lebanon made a journey to As'ufield to see the Elders. 1 he first day he walked ten miles and the next day thirty miles and reached the house of Asa Bacon not far from six o'clock. P. M. As he was unaccustomed to traveling on foot, he felt very wear}7 and lame. Mother Ann passing through the room, placed her hand on him, but did not speak to him. In a moment his weariness and lameness was gone, and John remained in the meeting till twelve o'clock. He then walked half a mile to the residence of Moses Bacon, wrapped himself in his great coat, and making the floor his couch slept as comfortably as though he had been on a bed of feathers. Zadock Wright visited the Believers at Ashfield. He was under deep anxiety of mind and felt very sad. Moth- er Ann, passing through the assembly, said to Zadock '-Repent' and the burden immediately left him. Numerous instances like the foregoing were very common, during the ministration of Mother Ann. Brethren and Sisters who visited the church under tribulation and sufferings of either body or mind, were often instantly released and filled with prayer and praise.