THE ART OF GIVING. [Contributed by Elder G. B. Avery.] Prudent thrift- -the art of saving, is a virtue that all should cultivate. The accumulation of property as a shelter and protection to old age, or as a shield against sickness and misfortune, is always commendable. But, in the exercise of this virtue it is not necessary that one should be wholly wrapped up in self as to be unmindful of one's obligations to society, or to the wants and woes of the unfortunate members of the household of our common humanity. In the churches, everybody, from the toddling infant to the gray haired sire, is expected to give, for the support of their religious institution*. * * * We see what Christianity is doing for the spread of its doctrines, and for the alleviation of wants and wretchedness in the world. * * * It is not the wealthy alone that should give, it is a moral and spiritual duty devolving upon all alike.- -The exercise of charity is a necessary means of spiritual unfoldment. It enlarges ones nature and brings one nearer to the heart of God. In proportion as we take an interest in the welfare of others, and aid in promoting the happiness of our common humanity, so shall we lay up treasures of soul that shall stand to our credit in the coming time, and far outweigh all the baubles of earth. When one has enough for all reasonable earthly needs, what does he want of more? He can only appropriate a certain amount of this world's goods to himself, and for the needs of those depending upon him. All else, which he must soon be called to leave, will go, perhaps, to feed the earthly vanities of those who have done naught to acquire it, and who are anxiously waiting the time that shall put them in possession of their inheritance. How much there is that needs to be done; our periodicals and publications and missions need a better support. We need homes for the poor, and schools for psychical support and research. * * * We need an organized missionary system for the dissemination of our Gospel! Indeed the harvest is ripening, for the sickle all around us! Where are the laborers to gather it in? Is it not time that we were up and doing? For lo the shadows are thickening and the night cometh apace, when no man can work.' Golden Gate.