Discourse delivered at Canterbury, N. H.- Shakers- June 19, 1887. The apostle Paul iu one of his letters to him whom he called his son Timothy penned these words ; ' Consider what I say; and the Lord give thee understanding ;' and I would say the same to those who hear me today. I tak.3 it for granted that among the friends who have met with us this morning to participate in our worship are some who never before attended a Shaker meeting, who know nothing of our lives and our belief, but who would like to obtain some knowledge on those points. They will after sharing in our worship form some opinion of us from what they see and hear, and though opinions are not always correct and sometimes are not of much value, yet we should aid where we can in that direction. Now the opinion of one man about another or the opinion of a number of men in regard to a movement, a cause or a sect, does not necessarily imply a correct premise or an unbiassed investigation. And yet there are today and have existed in the past, men whose opinions as to a cause and its advocates are worth careful consideration, because such men investigated from a desire to learn the truth. Such a man was one who passed on a few years ago to a higher life. He was one who loved to search out causes, to investigate and weigh in the scale of reason ideas and their advocates, and when he reached a conclusion and formed an opinion he uttered it in plain language that no one could fail to comprehend. This is what he put on record. ' With the Shakers so named, I hare some personal acquaintance, and I am not ashamed to own that I have been instructed and cheered by them. They have never been fairly appreciated by the world. Their condemnation of marriage and of individual property, their ceremonies of divine worship, and their testimony against all departures from celibacy as impure and sinful have repelled nearly all who are not of their own body. But might not a more expansive philosophy, a more liberal culture, discover in these very traits a moral worthy of the gravest attention? Are our relations as men and women so universally pure and exalted [it was one of yourselves, a married man who propounded this query] that we may rightly despise those who, unable to separate the palpable evil from the latent good reject both together? Is exclusive property so beneficent a feature of our social order as practically exemplified around us, that we may fairly stigmatize those who not needing its incitements to thrift or industry, see fit to decline them? The peculiarities of Shaker worship I readily abandon to the ridicule of the caviller, only wishing that theirs were the only errors committed in attempting to honor our Father in heaven, and that no religious errors more popular and more enduring than theirs were worse than simply ridiculous. When all that may be said against these simple-minded people has been freely admitted, there is yet left enough in their character and history to challenge our admiration. They present the sublime and hope-inspiring spectacle of a community founded and built up on the conquest of the most inexorable appetites ; lust, avarice, ambition, revenge,- -these are not merely discountenanced by the social economy of the Shakers, but this economy is based on their entire crucifixion. Nor can I see how any man can rationally conclude, as some have nevertheless asserted, that all this show of subduing the appetites is hypocrisy and a delusion. I can conceive no earthly motive for practising so much outward self-denial at so great inconvenience, and with no hope of honor or popularity, but a certainty of the reverse, if not based on obedience to an inward conviction. The uncharitable theory supposes a refinement of absurdity and self- annoyance which never yet possessed for any period the brain of any one sane man, much less of a whole community for generations. Let us then, profit by the lessons which these enthusiasts read us, while discarding what to us are their errors. Let us remember that they have solved for us the problem of the possibility, the practicability of a social condition from which the twin curses, pauperism and servitude, shall be utterly banished. They have shown how pleasant may be the labors, how abundant the comforts of a community wherein no man grasps for himself, but each is animated by a spirit of devotion to the common good. When I have stood among the quiet homes of this unaspiring, unpoetical people and marked how they have steadily, surely, advanced from poverty to competence; when I have observed how their patient but never excessive toil has transformed rugged barrenness into smiling fertility and beauty, how could I refrain from thinking lightly of that blind dogmatism which asserts the impossibility of inducing men to labor except for their own selfish gratification, and affirms the necessity of the stimulus of personal acquisition to save mankind from sinking back into the darkness and destitution of barbarism.' That was the deliberate judgment ot Horace G-reeley, who whatever may have been his idiosyncracies was certainly up to the level of the time in which he lived. He did not have the shallow idea that because our numbers are few the cause is a failure. A celebrated English preacher has said 'no man is a failure who is faithful and upright; no cause is a failure which is just and true. There is but one failure ; and that is, not to be true to the best one knows.' Now our numbers may be, nay, they are few, as compared with other churches and as a sect we have not spread as have others. But there is a difference between the spread of a sect, and the spread of ideas. In this sphere we claim that we have done some work, and that we have not labored in vain. The Shakers are a small body, arn-1 if there w no success but what depends on worldly combination, organization or policy, never had any men and women less chance of it than we. Bound only by mutual love an ! good-wi'l, with no creed but the gospel, thinking each one what he will, questioning ourselves and our actions sharply, finding all the fault we can with ourselves, looking out our defects and criticising them keenly as those only can who believe in immortal truth ; certainly we are the least politic of all people. Those who know of us say 'the Shakers are dying out,' and ''they believe in nothing.' Yea, we do believe in truth. And here we stand, 'as chastened and not killed, as dying and behold we live ; as unknown and yet well known ;' here we stand, this forlorn hope, if we are named such, we say rather this vanguard in the army of Christian progress, a vanguard which cannot be conquered, which cannot die for ideas never die. The breath goes out of a man's body and it is dead ; synods and councils of mighty men are dissolved and scattered ; churches and hierarchies decline and crumble; but ideas never die, truth never dies but is immortal. It may for a brief period be hid, but the time will surely come when 'truth crushed to earth shall rise again,' for 'the eternal years of God are hers.'' A.