PUBLIC DISCOURSE, No. 2. BY RICHARD MC. NEMAB. It is also to be considered, as an undeniable truth, that when Christ came, his commission was not to sanction and continue the old covenant, but to bring in and confirm a new covenant of greater efficiency and more direct efficacy. '- -But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also is he the mediator of h better covenant, which hath been established on better promises. For if the first covenant had been faultless, a place should not have been sought for the second. Behold, the days are coming, saith the Lord, when I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel, and with the house of Judah. In that he saith a new covenant he hath made the first old. Now that which decayeth and waxeth old is ready to vanish away.' Jt is however, to be remembered, that not the righteousness or spirit of the law is rejected, by doing away the old testament of outward ordinances, for the law is confirmed in Christ. 'Do we then make void the law through faith ? By no means ; but we establish the law.' It is farther to be considered that the opinion that salvation was to be found by faith in Christ before he was revealed is founded on a false view of his errand into the world ; namely, that he came as a surety for sinners, to pay to God, in their stead, the debt which they owed; or to fulfill the law, suffer its penalty, and satisfy divine justice as their surety and substitute, and that his righteousness might be imputed to them for their justification and acceptance with God. But we have not so learned Christ. That was not his errand ; but to reveal or declare the Father. ' No man hath seen God at any time ; the only begotten Son, who is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared him.' To declare or set forth to view, his righteousness, not for the remission of sins by imputation : but as 'a propitiation through faith in his blood, for an exhibition of his righteousness for the dismission of sins before committed, in the forbearance of God, that he may be just aud a justifier, who is of the faith of Jesus.' 'If any one will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross and follow me.' 'Be ye followers of me, even as I also am of Christ.' This is the true order of God, in the redemption of souls, and though little understood before the coming of Christ, we find it well expressed in the words of Elihu. 'If there be a messenger with him, an interpreter, one among a thousand, to show unto man his uprightness ; then he is gracious unto him.' This is very contrary to the prevalent notion of man, that a man may obtain redemption in secret, with God alone, without any visible medium. There must be an interpreter or minister to show to man his uprightness, to declare the righteousness of God, which is found in the minister, and is his righteousness, and can be shown no other way. Thus the errand of Christ was to consecrate the new and living way, in distinction from the old way of sin, condemnation and death. 'Behold I have given him for a witness to the people, a leader and commander to the people.'* The apostle is very pointed and explicit that the way into the holy of holies, that is into heaven, was not opened or known during the dispensation of the law: for speaking of the tabernacle, he saith. 'Now when these things were thus prepared, the priests entered indeed at all times, into the first tabernacle, accomplishing the service ; but into the second went the high priest alone once in the year without blood, which he offered for himself and the errors of the people, the Holy Spirit this signifying, that the way into the holiest of all was not yet made manifest, while the first tabernacle was yet standing; which was a figure for the time then present, in which were offered both gifts and sacrifices, which could not perfect him that served, as pertaining to the conscience ; which consisted only in meats and drinks, and divers washings, and justifications of the flesh, imposed until the time of reformation. Christ being come, a high priest of the good things to come, by a better and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is, not of this creation ; neither by the blood of goats and calves, but by his own blood, he entered once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption.' It may be said, Of what use was the law, and what benefit was by it, if it did not save the people, and no redemption could be found, during its operation ? Was it not a hindrance to life and salvation, rather than any benefit to its subjects or to mankind? What preference then had the Jew ? Much every way. In the first place, indeed, because the oracles of God were delivered to them and believed. The oracles of God, therefore, were not unprofitable to all. The law served to keep the people in remembrance of their rebellion, and their exposedness to misery, by the just judgment of God, without a Redeemer. But the law did not, and could not abolish and make void the testament, or promise which God had confirmed to Abraham and his seed before the law was given. These things are briefly stated in the following scriptures. 'Brethren, I speak after the manner of men ; likewise, a man's testament when confirmed, no man disannulled or addeth thereto. Now, the promises were spoken to Abraham and his seed. And this I say, the law, made four hundred and thirty years after, cannot disannul the covenant before confirmed of God to Christ, to make void the promise. Now if the inheritance were of law, it were no longer of promise. Then what doeth the law ? It was added because of transgressions, until he should come to whom the promise was made, being ordained by angels in the hand of a mediator, who was a proper type of Christ, the mediator of the New Testament. 'Now, a mediator is not of one, but God is one,' therefore his work is uniform, and the use of a mediator was to show the nature and intent of the testament between two,- -the testator and legatees, and to unite the people into one with him. ' Is the law theu against the promises of God ? By no means ; but if a law had been given able to communicate life, verily righteousness had been by the law,' and thus the law had been contrary to the promise. 'For if the inheritance were of the law, it were no lowger of promise. For if they who are of the law be heirs, faith is made void, and the promise disannulled.' 'But the Scripture hath concluded them all under sin, that the promise by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to them that believe,' in him when he came and his faith was made known. For before the faith came, we were kept under the law, shut up to the faith which was about to be revealed, and which we could not know nor put in exercise until it was revealed. Wherefore the law was made our schoolmaster unto Christ that we might be justified by faith. But the faith being come we are no longer under a child guide. For ye are all children of God through the faith which is in Christ Jesus. For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ, have put on Christ. There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free, for ye are all one in Christ Jesus. Union Village, 0.