Dear elder Avery: Your very kind and interesting letter... Schiedam, Holland, June 1, 1887. Dear Elder A very :- -Your very kind and interesting letter, together with the books, were duly received by me, and I must first of all thank you and the society which you represent, for sending me this most instructive reading1 matter. I have read the pamphlets and am about to read the large book. I have at any rate obtained some idea of your views in regard to doctrinal points wherein you differ from the other denominations, and I must admit, that however new and strange they appeared to me at first, I can concur in many of them. For instance, your teaching in regard to the divine Fatherhood and Motherhood of God is to me a sublime idea. For as in nature no child is the offspring of but one parent, so in the divine order of things Christ must have had an Eternal Mother as well as an Eternal Father. And likewise as a male does not represent a whole human family, neither can there be a perfect divine family without a daughter. This is clear to me, but, what I should like to read above all things is an impartial Biography of Mother Ann Lee. I can fully believe that she was a very holy woman, but the subject is too scantily treated in the books which you had the kindness to send, to take away my doubts on that point. You surely are not ignorant of the fact that other women have put forth claims of a divine mission; amongst others I will name a country woman of Mother Ann Lee, Johanna Southcote, who also professed to receive revelations from heaven. Now I know nothing of the latter person but what I have just stated. If we believe in the manifestation of the divine daughter, it is of the highest importance in whom that Daughter Spirit was revealed. I admire your views upon matrimony very much. To my mind they are most logical. A tree is known by its fruits and if the fruit is bad, how then can such a tree be called good. Let the tree represent the marriage state and the children, (conceived and born in sin) the fruit, how then can a state of life which is a continual spreading of sin, be called holy? And if not holy, how can it be a gospel state of life, pure in the sight of God and permitted by Him in his true church ? Your having all things in common is too plainly apostolic to require any discussion. Your place for our Lord Jesus Christ in Shaker theology I can't comprehend very well, but I believe Him to, be equal to the Father in divinity, and therefore as much, according to his divine nature, an object of supreme adoration. You Jpave not mentioned anything about the price of the books in your letter. If you intended them as a present from the Society, permit me to express my sincere thanks; if not I thank you all the same for the trouble you have taken, and beg to know how much I am in your debt. Thanking you once more for your kindness, I remain, dear Elder, gratefully your friend H. Wormhout.