THE TEACHER. Whatever else may be brought forward as a religious subject upon which to write or to speak, men have never gone beyond the plain and simple expressions that were uttered by the voice of Jesus. He may have been learned or unlearned, he may have been thoroughly acquainted with the devious ways of man, or he may have been ignorant of some of the lowest strata of society. Whatever may have been his position in the world, he was emphatically the friend of poor men, and his words and the influence of his spiritual life has remained with them more fully than with any other class. From the Edenic age to the present, the life of man has claimed more or less attention. Teachers of all kinds hava each in their turn exercised a moulding influence, and consequently man's journey has been as varied as are the figures in the kaleidoscope. That, however, which interests us the most, at this time, is his moral education, and on this subject the Bible affords us much satisfactory information. The Mosaic institution was of great value to man. It obliged him to learn lessons of morality and to practice a commendable degree of self-denial. His food and clothes came under the direction of the law. Indeed, the food of man has always been a subject of discussion and at times, has taken precedence of all others. It has been accepted by many that in the diviue plan it was to be of the fruits of the earth. The controversy has led to states of mind that has brought forth hatred, jealousy, evil speaking, bloodshed and war. Whether right or wrong in this, there is one thing quite certain, man as found to-day, is a variable creature and accommodates himself to the surroundings in a most wonderful manner. His long march of thousands of years, has been one of singular interest in which may be found almost every shade of humanity, and equally as well every shade of religious belief that could originate in the mind. From among the multitude of nations has arisen the Hebrew, and that nation has published a higher code of morality than the others, has sung more beautiful songs, and has left on record a class of writings that after these thousands of years has a world-wide circulation. Out of this nation has arisen a man, a teacher of righteousness, a son of God. Obscure in his parentage, he followed the trade of a carpenter with his father till he had reached the age when a Jew was permitted, by the law, to act as a public teacher. His mission was that of repentance and a preparation for the kingdom of G-od. Those who had sinned against the law 1887. which God gave for the protection of man were exhorted to repent acd make due confession of their wrongs, while all who had walked in crooked ways were urged to make strait paths for their Lord, and for themselves. Through his influence, as a friend to the poor, and as a good physician to the afflicted, several persons accepted him as a Divine Teacher, who had brought to them, 'Glad Tidings.' The gospel of 'good news' was one of wonderful simplicity. Every thing that he said was within the comprehension of a child. Live peacefully with each other, said he, that you may be called the children of God. Be anxious to do right that other people by seeing your good works may learn of you to love God. Jesus taught a great many useful lessons by the flowers of the field, the birds of the air and by the noticing of little children. To follow the great Teacher of .righteousness, we have only to live in peace, keep the heart pure, and - -,|ir life unspotted from the world. He wrote mo creed, established no system of theology and was not a founder of any dogmatic constraint upon the mind. The kingdom of God was a theme upon which he constantly dwelt. ' Thy kingdom come,' was his prayerful petition and it was to come in the hearts of his faithful followers. In obedience to his commandments they were to receive this great, good and heavenly kingdom. It was not to come to them by personal observation but by living as he lived, meek, merciful, pure in heart, and by hungering and thirsting after righteousness. This state forms the church of God as described by the Apostle,- -a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but it should be holy and without blemish. Eph. v., 27. That such a harmonized and purified company of the sons and daughters of Adam, may even at some future day be found in the service of God, worshiping in the beauty of holiness and spiritually bearing xhe beautiful name of sons and daughters of God, is one of the encouraging promises that enlivens our joy and makes us strong and determined to bear more faithfully the cross of Christ, and to say our last farewell to the relations of the world.