DR. PEEBLES AND ELDER EVANS IN GLASGOW. Farewell Meetings. We have had quite a time of rejoicing in Glasgow, having been privileged to see much of those estimable men, Dr. Peebles and Elder Evans. It is not necessary that we agree intellectually on all points to appreciate their moral and spiritual worth. Had we as a body been at one with Shakerism we could not have loved the Elder more than we did. More than one felt that here was not only a moral force, but a man of ideas, and so we have all been stirred in a measure by the sweet simplicity, the naturalness and purity of the man. Altogether a striking figure is Elder Frederick with his large fund of common sense, throwing light on ancient errors, thrashing the absurdities of the churches, and trying to work out the problem of a community in which righteousness will reign. To get at the better way is the object and aim of all re^rmers, and the Shakers are surely entitled to the credit of doing something to help the world to get at a higher truth than has yet been reached. Hepworth Dixon, in his 'New America,' published over twenty years since, seemed to be much attracted to Elder Frederick and the people. 'The people,' he says, 'are like their village ; soft in speech, demure in bearing, gentle in face ; a people seeming to be at peace not only with themselves but with nature and with heaven.' And again, 'after spending a few days among them, seeing them at their meals, and at their prayers, in their private amusements, and in their household work, I found myself thinking that if any chance were to throw me down, and I were sick in spirit, broken in health, there would be few female faces next after my own wife and kin that would be pleasanter to see about my bed. Life appears to move on Mount Lebanon in an easy kind of rhythm; order, tern- perance, frugality, worship, everyone seems busy, everyone tranquil.' We may not comprehend Shaker theology, cannot make much out of the Second Advent, some of us may not be so certain of the first advent, but we can admit to the full that it is a sweet picture, which not only Hepworth Dixon but so many other workers have drawn of their life, in marked contrast to what is got out of the gas-lighted and gas-inspiring Christianity we are triumphant in. John Ruskm forcibly says : 'You might sooner get lightning out of incense smoke than true action or passion out of your modern English religion.' The Shakers have undoubtedly made a road on which we can travel a long way; they have given us many lessons as to life culture, given us many seeds of future life for our little garden. Men might go leagues to listen to such a man as Elder Evans, and come back well paid. One feels that the realization of heaven on eartli looks a bit nearer than ever it did before, and that it does not belong to dreamland, but is practical and present. ' Measured against the millions of Christian people in the United States, six or seven thousand Shakers may appear of small ac count; and this would be truth if the strength of spiritual and moral forces could be told in figures, but one man with ideas may be worth a parliament or armv,' says Dixon. The greatest, work is one which the world does not talk about, does not even see. The Shakers soar above the level of all common vices and temptations, and from the height of their unselfish virtue offer to the worn and wearied spirit a gift of peace and a place of rest. Dr. Peebles, by his books, which like sacks of corn are carried from land to land to be sown and bear their manifold fruit, was closely known to all of us. It is a great thing even once in a lifetime to come into contact with such men, to be cheered and comforted in your wayfaring, and get filled with new vigor and new faith. Dr. Peebles is certainly a representative man amongst Spiritualists. He is read and admired in every quarter of the world, and seems to be growing in the esteem of spiritual worthies. With much poetic feeling his keen eye sees mines of wisdom not quarried before, and brings a power of unsummed gold to light. Called iconoclast by one school of thinkers, Christian by another, he seems neither, but he is undoubtedly a man whose mind and conscience, heart and soul are all well developed. The striking characteristic of the man as of his books is his warm affectionate nature. The affections, after all. take the lead of the spiritual powers. Men trust the heart more than the head. Dr. Peebles breathes a spirit of love to all mankind, has an affection transcending family and kin, which has gone beyond all private friendship, overleaped the barriers .'f land and people, and got to human kind. In every man who loves a true life, the affections grow continually, and a sure belief in immortality idealizes and embellishes our daily life. Born to a large estate of spiritual wealth, Dr. Peebles makes the most faithful use of his opportunities, and however widely we might differ from such a man, no one could call him narrow-minded, sectarian or bigoted. On Sunday last our hall was open for the first time at a holiday season, but the desire to hear our visitors was ?n great that we had quite large audiences. Each of the speakers did real service to us, quickening the feelings, imparting ideas, seeking to supply pure religion to common life At the evening meeting, Mr. J. C. Macdonald, from Manchester, presided, and gave forth some pie sing thoughts previous to introducing the speakers. On Thursday last a farewell soiree was held in honor of our visitors, Mr. James Robertson, president, in the chair. Again wms the dry ground watered with the eloquence of Dr. Peebles and the homely teachings of the elder. Dr. Peebles said that the books which he had written were as nothing compared to the books which were yet in his head, and which never could find full expression. The elder said his theology did not recognize the Bible as the word of G' d, that Jesus was not the Christ, and that the Gcd of Israel was not the God of the Universe. Songs and readings were rendered by Mr. J. Bowman, Mr. E. E. Barker, Mr. John Robertson, Miss Griffin, &amp;c, while short addresses were delivered by Mr. David Anderson, Mr. Gavin Findlay, Mr, John Griffin, Capt. Fash Mr. McNish, &amp;c. A nicely bound copy of Burn's poems amongst other gifts, was presented to each of the guests. It would make too long a paragraph to report all that was said or done, and words would but faintly echo the sweet feeling that prevailed. Everyone felt deep regret at parting with the friends, who seemed much affected at the warmth of their reception. Yesterday, Friday July 22, quite a large crowd followed them on board the steamer ' State of Georgia,' to say farewell to the kindly hearts and attractive souls who had blended us together so closely. A strong wish was expressed that it might be our lot to meet them yet again in the form. All were deeply moved when the time came to say the last final words. When Dr. Peebles' new book on 'Spiritualism, Past, Present and Future' comes out, we feel that it will be brave and good, and that it will quicken the progress of mankind. Jas. Robertson. Glasgow, July 23, 1887.