The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker. No. 19. Published expressly for the several Communities of Believers in 1816. Re-written by Henry C. Blinn. General Instruction for Believers. Mother Ann often renewed the promises of God and of Jesus Christ, to those who were faithful to take up their crosses against the sins of the world. She often said, 'Fear not little flock, for it is your Heavenly Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom.' If you are faithful to take up your crosses against all that ii evil and follow Christ in the regeneration, you will receive an hundred fold now .in time, houses and lands, Brethren and Sisters, Fathers and Mothers and children, and in the world to come, eternal life. Blessed shalt thou be when thou comest in, and blessed shalt thou 'be when thou goest out.' Blessed shall be ttoy basket and thy store. To a company of young Believers she said:- -You should love one another, and never have one hard or unkind feeling toward any one. You should live together every day, as though it was the last day you should live in this world. Never forget one another, and never forget that you have been blest with a privilege among Believers. On your return home be diligent with your hands, for godliness does not lead to idleness. When you are at work, doing your duty in the gift of God, the wicked one can have no power over you, because there is no room for temptation. 'Children should obey their parents, for this is right.' You should come to the requirement of the law. Christ did not come to destroy the law, but to fulfill it, and you should do the same. Arm yourselves with meekness and patience. If you improve in one talent, God will give you more. Be obedient. This is the way to find salvation. I have taught you the way of God ; you must keep it. I am but one, I do ray work and you must do your work. When I have finished my work I can help you no more. I wish you knew your day and privilege. You have a privilege that many souls have desired and could not obtain. If you take up your crosses while you have power to please yourselves, you offer to God the first fruits. Such souls will receive that honor and crown of glory which other souls can never obtain. All souls will have a privilege of this gospel, either in this world or in the world of spirits. You have your day now ; you can travel out of your loss by obedience, by taking up the same cross that Jesus took up. Those who bear the cross in this life, and faithfully endure to the end, will be brighter and more glorious than the angels. They will be kings and priests unto God. Mother and the Elders always manifested great care and interest for the children and youth, and often counseled the parents conceraing their children. They took pleasure in speaking to the children of Believers, and teaching them to be obedient to their parents. Little children are nearer to the kingdom of God than those more advanced in years. Jesus took little children in his arms and blessed them and said, .Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of heaven. Little children are simple and innocent and should be brought up in that manner. If they were brought up to be simple and obedient, they would receive good as easily as they would evil. God created the soul pure and iunocent, and when souls shall be redeemed from their loss, they will be restored to God and will be pure and innocent. Little children were instructed to kneel and to pray before partaking of their meals. Keep your children neat and clean, and they will be blest with the gifts of God. Never call them bad names. Let your conversation before them be as becomes godliness. You should not talk about that which will excite their minds to evil. Set before them a godly example, as becomes the gospel of Christ. In the condemnation of sin, Mother Ann exercised a remarkable power, while at the same time great charity was manifested toward those poor souls who were blinded by the sins of the world. At times her spirit seemed like flames of fire, and her words penetrated to the heart. hove God, love the way of God: love the gospel. God feeds the hungry with good things, but the rich he sends away empty. If you are not fed, it is wherein you do not hunger and thirst after righteousness. Those who do shall be filled. You may be deceived as others have been. They think they have enough, and so do you, and at the same time you have no victory over sin. Two of the Brethren were unjustly accused and wronged by a merchant of Albany, and they threatened to prosecute him. Mother Ann said to them. You should not touch the law. He that takes the sword shall perish by the sword. If you take the law you will lose the gift of God. Trust in God. What! build the things that God will destroy? Woe to the lawyers ! They take away the key of knowledge. Trust in God; He will deliver his people. Go in faith and God will deliver you. Bear this in mind.- -The law shall go forth from Zion and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem. Trust ia that law and God will deliver you. All have the nature of sin. AH are lost in that nature which was received from your fore-fathers. You were born in it; have been brought up in it and still persist to bring up your children in it. Your teachers never taught you a better way. They taught you as they lived. I know there are souls here that will receive the gospel. Now it is presented to you, and if you obey it, and take up your crosses against all sin you will find a victory. You ought to let your light shine that others may see your good works, your faith and repentance, that they may take knowledge of the way of God. To a company that came from a great distance. Mother Ann said, Why do you come from such a distance, spending your time and money, to see me while you judge me in your hearts as no better than a witch? You that are guilty of this, should come forward and humbly confess it to God. Three of the company came forward and confessed that they were guilty of the charge. You are required to go and keep the way of God, and not return to your former sins. The labors of the people of God will not be lost, but will be a savor of life unto life or of death unto death to all souls. Will you stand by me and be a witness for God? Let the word of God take deep root within. Plough up the fallow ground of the heart.