'BATTLES OF SHAKING.' No. 1. ALONZO G. HOLLISTER. Jesus foretold that immediately preceding 'the sign of the Son of man, coming in the clouds of heaven, (these clouds being religious assemblies of people,) that the powers of the heavens would be shaken. What are these '- -powers' but the traditionated doctrines and systems of religion in which men for many generations, have been taught to place their hope and trust for future happiness? Systems whose false foundations of arbitrary and partial election, vicarious atonement, imputed righteousness, and justification by faith without works, doctrines prove them to be of the class to which Jesus referred when he said 'lie that heareth these savings cf mine and doeth them not, shall be likened to a foolish man who built his house upon the sand. And when the winds (of the spirit) blew, and the rains (of truth) descended, and the floods (of Divine light) beat against that house, it fell,' Matt, vii., 26, because of its false and treacherous foundation, and a superstructure of like ma- terial, cemented with sin. Rev. xviii., 5. It was a mighty revolution or shaking which began with the preaching of Jesus Christ, and after abolishing the Jewish ritual and national polity, continued to the overthrow of the powers and institutions of heathendom in Europe, and also in large parts of Asia and Africa. But then the mountains and islands of human power and defense, were only moved out of their places as foretold in Rev. vi., 12-14. The power of Imperial Rome was divided, ravaged, and overturned by hordes of barbarians. Heathen rites and customs were labeled Christian, and the conquerors after joining the church, compelled their brother barbarians to profess the same, or peril their lives by refusing. Heretics, who stocd for freedom of conscience, were destroyed out of the laud as history shows, by fire and sword, or by more dreadful tortures, until a corrupt church which had risen up in all the high places and defenses of the displaced order, could say in its heart, ' I sit as a queen, and shall never know sorrow nor widowhood/' But its power was greatly shaken by that famous division called the Reformation, which was a premonitory symptom of her end. ' For every house and every kingdom divided against itself, cannot stand, but is brought to desolation.' Another shaking is foretold in chap. xvi., 18, in which 'Every island fled away and the mountains were not found.' Arbitrary governments and military defenses, all these must go. The writer of Hebrews referring to the voice which shook the earth at the promulgation of the law from Sinai, says, ''But now He hath promised saying, Yet once more I shake not the earth only, but also heaven. This yet once mort, signifies the removing of those things that are shaken as of things that are made, that the things which cannot be shaken, may remain.' Behold now this shaking the earth, in the shaking governments of the earthy man. In the year 1787, in which the witnesses of Christ's second appearing ascended from the earthly into the communal order of the heavenly societies, began the 'great earthquake' Rev. xi., 13, called the French Revolution which shook the nations of Europe, changed long standing customs and usages, and broke the continuity of the ancient regime. In Feb. 1848, a tremor ran through the kingdoms of Europe, like the shock of an earthquake. A number of ruling monarchs abdicated their thrones, or fled as from an invisible avenger, to die in private life. The king of France did the latter. Kingly power or autocratism has been weakening ever since, and the power ot the people has been rising. And the shaking continues, uncovering the roots of despotic rule in civil society by arraigning at the bar of enlightened reason, all monopolies protected by human enactment, also feudal tenures of land, which have enabled the strong and scheming to grasp irresponsible power, and with iron hand to lay unbearable burdens on the defenseless, and to compel the sweat of the poverty stricken laborer to pile up wealth for their masters to waste in luxury, extravagance, unbridled license and idle ease. These things being tested in the judgment, are found wanting in all the elements which make for righteousness, justice, and equity, and are utterly an- tagonistic to harmony, happiness, and the peace of the millennial reign. Near the same date, began the 'Rochester spirit knockings,' the dawn of 'modern spiritualism,' which is shaking the strongholds of denominational creeds and distinctions, or ' powers of the heavens' in the religious world, to their lowest foundations, strongly seconded by the rationalistic tendency of the human mind, freed from the domination of a false ecclesiasticism. The light now coming into the world through this channel is making a mighty shaking in church opinions and beliefs relating to the future state, the conditions of souls hereafter, and the causes which produce those conditions. The knowledge is gaining ground that life is continuous- -that for the ascending, progressive soul, there is no appreciable interruption of consciousness- -that the dissolution of the mortal body, introduces no one to an arbitrary and miraculous change of life, nature, or disposition, let his belief be whatever it may, but that the same general laws of growth and development by voluntary action, preside over the manifestations of character after, as before the change to invisibility- -that the will for a season at least, is as free there as here, and that changes of state are wrought by voluntary action upon motives which appeal to the will or to the understanding, or to both. 'Increased knowledge' is proving many doctrines of the churches to be the invention of blind guides, false alike to truth, to reason, and to revelation. Among these is the doctrine of no repentance nor change of character by change of motives and conduct after death- -the physical resurrection of the mortal body- -the miraculous transformation of sinners into saints by faith without works, that sinners can be saved from the penalties of sin by giving money ; or by submitting to a priest, and being sprinkled with holy water, or what is the same, by joining a church and performing certain ceremonies called sacraments ; or by imputing to the sinner, the good deeds of some one else ; or by anything short of genuine repentance and the utter forsaking of all sinful desires and practices. What are some of the things that cannot be shaken ? Ans. The absolute and immutable distinction between moral good and moral evil, as pertaining to human conduct. Also Justice, Equity, Righteousness, Integrity to truth and honesty, Benevolence, fair dealing, Love to God, and Fraternal brother and sisterhood. These things are being established aud more and more extended, notwithstanding the apparent increase of materialism, which depresses the spiritual and exalts the beastly elements of human nature. Many, having discovered that much which has been taught for immutable truth in the name of religion, is unworthy of credit, have lost confidence in everything called religion, and have turned to war upon it, striking blindly and beating the air, because they do not discriminate between the true and the false ; between what is of the earth and what is of God, but exulting in their release from unreasonable fears, and the restraints of discipline, they war as fiercely against 'the Lamb,' manifest in a divine spiritualism, as against ignorance, superstition, and false ecclesiasticism. Nevertheless, as 'God has put it into their hearts to fulfill his will,' their ha- tred to a church which professes to be espoused to Christ while really wedded to the world, and pandering to all the perverted passions and propensities of the cai'nal mind, helps - -n the shaking of those things which cannot abide the test of emancipated and illuminated reason. The TRUE INWARDNESS OF ALL GENUINE religion, is supreme love to God, and its correlative, love to man as his offspring, the fruits of which are manifest in its votaries, and need never be mistaken. Many hearts possess this love in a less or greater degree, both without and within church organizations. Probably there are some in e^ery denomination who are better than the system they advocate, for systems accounted religious, which embrace the corrupt life and practices of the world with its mixture of evil and good, do encourage the propagation of evil in the seed, on one hand, while attempting od the other to hold its grosser manifestations in check. But souls actuated by the love of God, will not be prevented by denominational or sectarian bias, from free and friendly interchange and mutual understanding. True religion a'ppeals to the love of God, or to love for the truth in which He is manifest, and to love fraternal. False religion appeals to fear and says in theory and practice, if not in so many words, 'Save your soul from an avenging God aud from everlasting hell by joining the church and paying its dues. Do not rely upon your own good works for salvation, but upon the merits, or the blood of Christ. Nor think it possible to live without sin in this world ; but avo*d public scandal, and condemn every one that refuses your currency. Though ';idol shepherds who feed themselves and not the flock.' cry 'Witchcraft! Delusion! Sorcery ! Doctrine of Devils !' a few earnest watchers see in the ' knockings' a sign that 'the marriage of the Lamb has come,' heaven is open to man as it never was before, and 'Christ stands at the door and knocks,' to call souls to the feast. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.