Dear elder Avery: I presume you received... Schiedam, Holland, July, 1887. Dear Elder Avery :- -I presume you received the postal card which I sent some weeks ago, and wherein I gave my consent to the publishing of the letter as you desired. I have read all the books which you had the goodness to send, and I must say I can fully agree with many of the views of the United Society, however strange they may appear to many 'orthodox' Protestants. How much more comforting is your doctrine of the Fatherhood and Motherhood of God than that of most Christians ! I must confess I could never love the Calvinistic God, who, 'just for the fun of the thing,' cau condemn millions of people to hell without even giving them the chance of getting to heaven. The tenderness of a divine Mother is wanting in popular theology, and I think that is the reason why, in the Roman and Greek churches such a prominent place is given to the holy virgin mother of Jesus. I admire the biography of Mother Ann's life very much. I have no doubt that she was a most remarkable woman, full of faith and possessing the spirit, of Christ. Yowr doctrine in regard to an intermediate state after this life appears to me most reasonable and in perfect agreement with the justice of God. It is an undeniable fact that all are not in this life judged according to their works, therefore there must be some place where it is done. It would also be the height of injustice to condemn whole nations for not believing in Christ, who have never had an opportunity to hear about Him. I sappose one of the points in your belief least liked by the opponents of Shakerism must be confession of sin to members of the ministry. Some will say it is 'popish' but if that is a valid reason, they should drop the other 'ordinances' as well, because they are also observed in the Roman Catholic church. Others will not hear anything about human mediators between God and man. But permit me to ask, why then have they ministers at all, if they can administer their own sacraments, such as baptism and the Lord's Supper? And if, according to their belief, they require ordained ministers to administer the said ordinances in order to obtain some spiritual grace or blessing, how then can they consistently object to confession. and absolutism pronounced by members of the ministry of the church. Some will say :- -You Shakers have no true ministry, because not ordained by us. But do not the Greek and Roman churches say this very thing to all Protestants on the face of the earth ? The resurrection of our carnal bodieis another point in which I have never had a strong faith. I could never see the beauty nor the utility of the dogma. I may here remark that Job xix., 26, is translated ; zal ik nit myn vleesh God aanschouwen, in the I)utch- -State Bible, which is in English literally as follows : 'Shall I out of my flesh God behold.' In regard to our Lord Jesus receiving the divine or Christ spirit at his baptism, what can be more scriptural and rational ? How could Jesus receive anything from God that He did not possess before, if, as the orthodox assert, He was both God and man from his birth ? Jesus could not have received the Holy Spirit before his baptism, at least in such a special mauner, for then there would have been nothing more to add at his baptism in order to complete his divine mission. I notice from the books which you sent that the worship of the United Society is entirely different from that in vogue among other denominations, and that dancing forms an important part in it. It cannot be denied that it has Holy Scripture in its favor, but it seems to me that if Shakers do not care about what the world says iu regard to a virgin life, the intermediate state, living in communities, concession of sin, they might employ other adjuncts of worship as well. I refer to the use of lights, incense, special robes for the ministry during divine service, flowers, etc. Not for the glory of man, but for God's praise, could you not then say with the Psalmist: 'I have loved O Lord the beauty of Thy house and the place where Thy glory dwelleth.' Because in some churches they use these things iu the service of human beings, it does not follow that they are wrong, when employed for God's service only. I am glad you do not make a sort of paper god out of the Bible. I don't be- lieve aa open Bible only, is a salve for every religious or moral wound. What authority have those for their opinion who say we are not to believe anything unless it is foun d in so many words between the covers of the book, and why are we to believe that God confines Himself to this book only. The Bible is a book of historical events, more especially of God's people or church, and since they have not ceased to exist, it seems to me the Bible will not be complete until the last of God's people have been received into heaven. Therefore I see no reason why the life and revelations of Mother Ann Lee and her companions should not form as much a part of the New Testament, as the history of our Lord Jesus Christ and his immediate followers. There are many other points to which I could have referred, but it would make my letter too long. Neither have I mentioned any texts of Holy Scripture which go to prove your faith, since they are better known to you than to me. I hope, dear Elder, I have made myself understood, for I am but a sorry scribe. My letters are generally few and far between. Permit me again to express my thanks for your kindness, and I remain, with my best wishes faithfully and most respectfully yours, H. Wormhout.