THE CROWN OF CREATION [Contributed by Elder Chancy Dibble.] Mr. Trumbull, editor of the Sunday School Times, is one of the ablest religious writers in the country, and not at all one of the sort of men who would be inclined by nature to over-estimate the position assigned to woman in the economy of revelation. The following words from his paper, being part of a reply to a correspondent, who claims that woman is morally superior to man now, and, therefore, must have been created so, are, therefore, all the more remarkable, and will be read with special interest: Woman was the crowning act of God's creative work. It is not to be supposed that God's climax of creation was morally inferior to that which preceded the climax. Even in fallen humanity, woman's moral nature is stronger than man's ; and it is in her greater moral power that woman is still a helper to man in the direction of his chiefest need Woman is fittingly characterized by the Apostle Peter (I. Pet. iii., 7) as 'the weaker vessel,' but the weaker vessel can contain the larger treasure of moral power; and man is told to render honor to woman for her moral dignity. It would have been sheer folly on Satan's part to test his strength on one of feebler moral power, while one of greater moral force was left uncontaminated, and capable of resisting a similar temptation. Satan's victory would have been incomplete, if, indeed, his failure had not been wrought by his leaving the real stronghold unassailed by him. But because the conflict was a moral one, Satan made the issue at humanity's moral centre. And it required adroitness and persistency on Satan's part to carry the moral citadel. That carried, Satan's victory so far was achieved. The woman, as the moral superior, having been led astray, man, morally the weaker one, was sure to follow. It took a fallen angel's fullest strength to lead a pure woman to ruin. A fallen woman's simple invitation was sufficient for man's overthrow. He waited for no arguments to convince a reluctant will. The order of the curse seems to furnish added proof of the greater moral responsibility, through the greater moral power, of woman The heaviest curse came on the tempter, who planned the ruin of the new race. Then came the punishment of the one who ought to have resisted evil, but who yielded to it. Last of all came a milder sentence on the weaker victim of evil. Woman had not been content with her moral superiority in the human race. She had aspired to 'be as God,' and her sin was a result of a disobedient action in the direction of that aspiration. As a punishment, woman was put in a certain subjection to man. It is in explanation of this subjection that Paul (I. Tim. ii., 11-14) says : 'For ....Adam was not beguiled [he had no struggle of temptation] but the woman being beguiled hath fallen into transgression.' Poor weak Adam was an easy victim, when the support of Eve's moral force was taken away from him. She, as the moral superior, was chiefly responsible for the transgression, an.'1 must accept the larger consequences of her larger responsibility. And now, as before the fall, the woman is morally superior to man. She seems by her very natnre to be more like God than is man. She turns more readily than man toward God. And she wins man to, and inspires man in, the loving service of God. God would not be God in man's conception, if there were no suggestion of the woman nature in God. Hence it is that while God says He pities his wayward children as a human father pities his children, God goes far beyond the thought of pity, when He declares of his loving tenderness towards his penitent child, 'As one whom his mother comforteth, so will I comfort you.' Ay! woman was foremost in the likeness of God before sin entered into this world; and she is foremost in the likeness of God now that sin is in all the world. And as it is true that by woman sin came to the race of man, so it is true that by woman there came a Savior to the race of man. And man has reason still to honor the larger moral treasure which he sees enclosed in the weaker vessel submitted to his loving charge; reason to honor woman, as woman for what she has been, and for what she is. N. Y. Weekly Witness.