Books and Papers Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Hall's Journal of Health Plague and Peril of Monopoly Popular religions Grammar School The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health. Sept. Contents : Count Lyof N. Tolstoi; Know Thyself; Natives of North America, No. 2. A Noble English House; Reciprocal Influence of Mind and Body; Centennial of the National Constitution ; A Girl's Problem; Handwriting and Character ; Notes from a Teacher's Diary; A Post Fourth of July Oration; Palpitation of the Heart; Health Papers, etc., etc. Fowler &amp; Wells Co. 775 Broadway, N. Y. Hall's Journal of Health. Sept. Contents; Amusements; 111 Health from over Eating; A Natural Healer; Laws of Health; Spirit Likeness; The Spirit Form; Libraries of the World; Starving the Teeth; Children and Pet Animals; Liability of Physicians; Clothes that Kill; A Triumph for Pasteur; Heloise, etc., etc. Office 206 Broadway, N. Y. The Plague and Pebil of Monopoly. A Lecture on Labor, Laborers and Employers; by Parker Pillsbury, of Concord, N. H. Price 15 cts. 'Under our present corruptions in the government, our heartless and hypocritical modes and forms of religion and worship, and our false and foolish construction of the social order, we may expect, we must see, strikes, tramps, paupers, idiots, lunatics and criminals in number and character more appalling than were ever known before.' The Popular Religions, and what shall be instead, by Parker Pillsbury. Price 10 cts. This little work of twenty-six pages, is certainly well worth the careful perusal of every one who is interested to know more about the ' Popular Religions' of the day. The age of the author and his many years of active experience in the cause of humanity, allows him to speak with authority upon this and kindred subjects. Grammar School. A Monthly Magazine of Instructive Reading for Young People. The Interstate Publishing Co. 30 Franklin Street, Boston, Mass. The Sept. No. of the above work has a table of Contents that would interest almost any pupil. The articles are all beautifully illustrated, which adds so much more pleasure to the story. Price $ 1. per yr.