WONDERFUL MIRACLES AT STE. ANNE DE BEAUPRE. J. M. OXLEY. It is not my purpose to enter into any discussion as to the credibility of miracles, whether wrought at Ste. Anne de Beaupre, or by one of the innumerable host of faithhealers that nowadays would fain persuade us to throw physic and physicians to the dogs. In 1662, as Abbe Casgrain tells us, a young man named Nicolas Drouin, from the parish of Chateau Richer, who was tormented with a very grievious form of epilepsy, obtained complete and permanent relief, as the result of a nine days' mass, at Ste. Anne. Two years later, one Marguerite Bird, whose leg had been badly broken, on being carried to the sacred spot, was there made whole and strong again. Blie Godin, brought almost to the grave with an incurable dropsy, while re* ceiving the eucharist felt his sickness depar from him, and sprang up shouting, 'I am healed.' The following incident I have upon the testimony of one of the most intelligent and well-informed French Canadians I have ever met, who witnessed it with his own eyes, and related it to me : Three years ago a well-todo farmer, living about ten miles above Quebec, who had been dumb but not deaf, from his birth, determined to try if Ste. Anne would vouchsafe him relief. Accordingly, bare-footed, bare-headed, coatless and fasting, he walked the entire distance to her shrine. Fainting, but full of faith, he wrote out ids confession upon the slate he always carried, attended mass, received the communion, and then lay down to rest. Next morning he was one of the first at the cotrmunion service. The church was crowded with reverent worshipers. Suddenly the service was broken in upon by a strange, half-articulate shout that startled every one. All eyes were turned toward the spot whence it came, and there, with countenance whose exultant brightness transcended all expression, stood the mute, a mute no longer, giving vent to his emotions in joyful ejaculations that filled the edifice. Thenceforward he spoke freely, and, with tears streaming down his cheeks, said to my informant: 'Ah, Sir, won't my boys be glad to hear my voice! ' With these and a hundred like marvels to kindle and sustain their faith, one can readily conceive with what sincerity the myriad pilgrims, scorning the logic of unimpressionable rationalism, chant their canticles in honor of their patron saint. In the August Cosmopolitan.