TRUTH. MARION JOHNSON. What is truth ? This is a query which has often been propounded since the days of Pilate, but to which the mass of mankind, even if they wait for an answer, which Pilate did not, seem to pay very little attention to it, evidently preferring not to be aroused from the slumberous apathy which enshrouds them which the truth would effectually do were its enlightening rays once suffered to find a lodgment in their hearts. Truth is that divine and eternal principle, originating in the realms of everlasting light, which will ever stand in direct opposition to all darkness and deceit, evasion or subterfuge. Only the most open candor and sincerity and ingenuousness will meet its requirements. Jesus said, *- - 1 am the truth,' and a careful study of his recorded life, reveals to us, that Me embodied and personified all truth in his lovely character, and as such was to us a worthy pattern and exemplar. Again, He promised his disciples, that He would send the Comforter to them, even the spirit of truth who would lead them into all truth. They were no doubt blinded, as are the masses now, by the false traditions and superstitions in which they had been educated. They could not perceive the truths which He preached and lived, in their excellence and purity. When their eyes were opened by the pewer of truth, they found that they had been cherishing false and mistaken ' ideas which vanished before its irradiating light. Truth is eternally progressive, and as we advance in our spiritual travel step - - by step nearer to the great Source and I Fountain of all truth, new unfoldings and developments of this divine principle are continually opening to our inner vision drawing closer and closer the line of demarkation between the false and the true ; showing us in an ever increasing light, the duty we owe to God and to each other. It reveals truth in its majesty, as it ever beckons us on to those glorious heights whereou it sits eternally enthroned. 'Ye shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free ;'- -that is and must of necessity be its mission, but how is this freedom to be accomplished ? As the warm and life-giving light of truth enters the soul, it loosens the fetters of false reasoning and erroneous opinions which a blind bigotry have forged ; vivifying the spirit into newness of life, leaving it free to soar above all that would bind or limit its capacity ; bringing into subjection every lawless passion and propensity of the unsubdued heart which would hinder its upward progress, and prevent it from expanding and developing into all truth. Canterbury, N. H.