A TREATISE ON THEOLOGY. No. 1. F. W. EVANS. Our sources of the knowledge of gospel faith and doctrines are, first, revelation ; second, the records of revelation- - the scriptures; and third, facts- -the subject matter of revelation aud of its records. 2. Adam, when in Eden, was in the midst of an external world of facts, of which he was the observer, exponent and interpreter. He also soon found that he was intimately connected with an interior (or invisible) world of facts, equally as real and substantial as those of the external. That interior world contained its own observers and exponents of its facts. 3. These were Adam's derivative creators, and interpreting agents and instructors, who revealed to him and his posterity a knowledge of the facts of their world and their significance to the race of mankind upon earth. 4. Adam and his immediate descendants possessed no scriptures. During the first dispensation, observation and revelation were the basis of their enacted laws and of their principles of action. The external and internal worlds, and man's civil and religious systems formed from, and in reference to those worlds, constituted the first heaven and the first earth. 5. There were fixed constitutional laws in man, and in the worlds of which he was the offspring, that could not be infringed with impunity; ' Dying, thou shalt begin and continue to die,' was the penalty of their violation. 6. The free agency of man, in either good or evil, in the first dispensation, was limited to the natural and spiritual worlds in which it operated. Their boundaries could not be passed by man in his normal condition. 7. An historian records past facts; a prophet, future facts. The latter was thus formed : An angel from the second heaven (the one above that in which the man lived) descended to and opened the interior of a man or woman, and then communicated to him or her those things that already existed (in an embryo state) in that heaven; which things would be incarnated on earth, in that or some succeeding dispensation. 8. To the angel, such things were equally matters of fact as were those recorded by the historian to man. Man, for evil, could not ascend above the stars (lights,) or sons of God in his own heaven. 9. The first three heavens were the creative or generative heavens, from whence the propagation aud increase of the human race primarily proceeded. The rulers in those heavens had the especial charge of the process of creative generation, in the order of election, or line of the Messiahs and prophets pertaining to each dispensation. 10. It should be understood that the creation of man was not completed, but only begun, in Adam ; and that creation continued to progress, conjoined to propagation, until it culminated in the man, Jesus, and then in the woman, Ann Lee. 11. The fulness of the first dispensation was attained through the line of righteous souls, ending in Abraham, who walked in the truth, and possessed a heart devoted to the service of God. To him the second heaven was opened ; and a messenger from thence, who had superintended Abraham's creative generation (as the angel Gabriel did that of Jesus) saluted him, and became his guardian spirit- -to him. God. This spirit anointed or baptized him into the second heaven ; and thus Abraham became the Lord's Christ, or Messiah, of the second dispensation. And, through obedience, he began to create a new heaven and a new earth, wherein dwelt the righteousness of the second dispensation. 12. The faith of Abraham evidently was not in any records or Scriptures of the first dispensation. But his trust, his faith and his dependence were placed primarily in the revelations to him from the second heaven, through that spiritual being who had charge of him, and whom he called God. 13. Moses was his descendant and successor ; and he was ministered unto from the same source, and by the same spirit; he walked by the same rule and minded the same authority. His quotations from and reference to Scriptures of the preceding dispensation are few indeed. But the records of his own deductions and laws, drawn from the two worlds of facts, by observation and revelation, (including the Scripture records) are somewhat extensive ; and to them men ought to pay far more practical respect than they now do. 14. From that period, those who came into the second dispensation exercised their free agency therein. They could only obey the laws of the second heaven and earth, and be blessed by them; or, by violating them, they could corrupt themselves. But they could not go beyond their own order, to prevent or defile the third heaven ; that was beyond their reach and power, and beyond the influences of the fall; and could only be entered through obedience to its truths, and by fulfilling the laws of the two preceding heavens and earths. 15. Jesus came of the line of the righteous of the second dispensation, as Abraham did of the first; and, like him, was perfected in his order, as a natural earthly man- -the finished scholar of the Mosaic schoolmaster. At his birth, he possessed a good physical organization, his creative generation haviug been superinduced by the angels of the third heaven. 16. These were they who, at his birth, sarig glory to God, good will peace to man. They also attended to his education, from his childhood upwards ; even as did the angels of the first heavens- -Adam's creators- -educate him. Yet they infringed not his free agency. At the age of thirty, he had attained to the full measure of a perfect Jew; and he also became a prophet, and was continually inspired by the angels of his own heaven- -the third. This prepared him to be reached by an angel of the fourth heaven. 17. And when the spirit of Elias, through John the Baptist, came preaching repentance unto Moses, and the people came confessing their sins committed under the law and against it; which sins had excluded them from the camp, and John baptized them into it again, among the rest came Jesus, to open his mind and confess to John ; and John found that Jesus had kept the law as neither himself nor any of the people had done. For, as no one of them could convict him of wilful sin, so neither could Joha, who then affirmed that Jesus, rather than himself, was the most proper person to be priest to hear confession and do the baptizing. 18. An angel from the fourth heaven immediately descended upon Jesus, anointed him with the oil of gladness above his fellows, and begat him into that heaven, which was a ' heaven of heavens,' as the great jubilee was a Sabbath of Sabbaths. 19. The first effect of the ministrations from this new fountain of truth was, to teach Jesus that, inasmuch as he had hitherto kept himself from all fleshly defilements, which were condemned by Moses, he must now take up his cross daily against the generative life of nature itself, in even its most innocent and lamblike state. He was taught that, from the beginning, it had been destined to be 'slain from the foundation of the world,' and that, a he had been faithful in resisting the temptations arising from the cravings of the fallen nature he inherited (on his mother's side) from Adam (though, in the line of the Messiahs, the least perverted of the human family.) he must thenceforth resist unto death the temptations, drawings and attractions of the earthly generative sexual nature, which, by virtue of his manhood, he possessed, and which he had inherited incorrupt on his paternal side. 20. The end- -the harvest then commenced in him ; and the lust of generation would be effectually destroyed ; for the life of generation itself, and the life of the generative relation of the sexes, were to be slain- -destroyed and burnt up by the fire of the fourth heaven. 2.1. Jesus was the only individual in that day who was begotten by a spirit of the fourth (the Christ) or resurrection heaven ; and he continued his travail until he was born thereiuto ; and there he remained, isolated and alone from the human race. This was that ' far country' that the king, in the parable, went to. This was 'the heaven' which the apostle said must receive him, 'until the restitution of all things that God had spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began ;' that is until the second appearing of Christ: which of necessity must be the time of the begetting (and travail for the new birth) of a female, as this alone would prepare a helpmeet, a bride, that the marriage ol the Lamb might be consummated. 22. This female the earth produced under the action and guidance of the same third-heaven angels that brought forth Jesus. They now operated, not upon the physical elements merely, as in the ease of Jesus, but upon the moral, the intellectual and the spiritual; and in an especial manner in the line of the witnesses. The Jews betrothed children as soon as they were born ; but marriage itself was not consummated until the parties were of suitable age. 24. One important principle of interpreting Scripture is this : Those travailing in the third dispensation, and heaven and earth, which are still generative, could not know or see, or even prophecy, except 'only in part,' of the things pertaining to the fourth dispensation audits heaven. 25. The duality of God ; the existence, nature and duality of Christ; the plurality of churches, and of Holy Spirits- -the anointing- -from them ; together with the all-important subject of a spiritual pareutage, and the begetting and travail towards the new birth into the fourth heaven, or resurrection state, were to the apostles, and all other Jewish Christians, as to Nicodemus, an incomprehensible mystery, which they, as Christianized, generative men and women, could not understand ; as by themselves was fully and freely acknowledged, saying, 'It doth not yet pppear what we shall be. '