LIVING FAITH. CATHARINE ALLEN. ' As the ancients of the city pass away, Who will keep the testimony burning bright? Who will hold the Virgin Standard snowy white Like the saints who've gone before us in our day?' It seems to me there has never been a time in the history of Believers, when these weighty questions should have recurred so often for serious consideration, as during the past few years, when, through all the Societies, from Maine to Kentucky, the Reaper of souls has removed from our ranks so many of the brave and true, who have borne a heavy burden amid the noonday heat of Zion's trial, and on her watch-towers have faithfully kept their vigils through the weary hours of night, when in the guise of pretended progress, the enemy has sought entrance at every gate, to under miue the beautiful temple, whose corner stone is Virgin Purity. All of those who first embraced the Gospel have long since been gathered home, and those who received the flame of the testimony immediately from them are following in quick succession. Still we are blest with a faithful remnant, whose lives are a glory on the earth, and a continual song of praise to God ; and they look to those whom they have nurtured with the milk of the Word, to gather and perpetuate with increase, that living testimony of truth, which has been to them nearer and dearer than life itself. The present depletion of our ranks is not the least cause of discouragement, fear or doubt, to those whose faith is rooted in eternal principles, and in that gift of divine revelation in which this Gospel was established, and in which alone it can be maintained. It certainly is not the product of human wisdom, and neither can human agency subvert or destroy it. That power which creates is able to sustain. Never shall those flames of truth be extinguished, which have been kindled in the hearts of humanity, by those burning coals God drops from his altars above. God has always had his witnesses;- -a peculiar people, separate from the world, who have in their day and dispensation been as a type or foreshadowing of the Kingdom of Heaven. With the founding of the American Government, and correlated thereto, was established the ' Shaker ' Order,- -the Millennial Church, the beginning of the kt new earth and new heaven.' Both these civil and religious systems were in advance of any that had preceded them and as good as the people were then prepared to accept; and although not in themselves perfect, yet they comprehended those principles of eternal progress, which if left free to adapt themselves to the ever expanding needs of humanity, will render them acceptable, and equal to the demands and highest aspirations of future ages. Herein is grounded our faith and hope ; and here rests our responsibility ; that while we look well to our foundations, and keep every stone iu place that has been iaid by our predecessors, we must reach forward for their ministrations, a new influx from the Christ heavens whose baptisms shall enable us to carry forward the work which they so nobly began. An olden prophet spake of a time wheb ' the light of the sun shall be seven-fold as the light of seven days, in the day that the Lord bindeth up the breach of his people, and healeth the stroke of their wounds,'- -a beautiful type of the consummation of the Gospel work, when the '' seven seals' shall have been opened and the 'b seven thunders' shall have uttered their voices, through those by whom progressive degrees of truth shall be revealed. Those echoings that have come down to us through the long corridors of time, speak not only of geological epochs, or of the successive changes through which all human organizations, politically and socially considered have passed ; but they teach us that above and encircling all, are spiritual cycles, which are marked by the onward course of that orb of celestial radiance which has ever operated on mankind to develop and uplift. These cycles have their seasons whicli follow each other successively, as those of earth ; and as surely as the gushing life of Spring, and the golden wealth of harvests are wrapped in the cold bosom of Wiuter, so during the long period of spiritual inertia that has brooded over humanity, vital forces have been concentrating, which ere long will burst forth over a more enlightened and progressed people than have ever before been the subjects of a deep religious revival, the ripest fruit of which will be reaped from the earth, and gathered into spiritual communities of the resurrection life. The intelligences of the spirit world have been acting as missionaries upou the inhabitants of earth to prepare them therefore, and I really believe that as those pass from us who have been faithful in the work of their day, that instead of leaving Ziou weaker, her strength is increased thereby. They still live, and, united to stroug ministers, return and seek to inspire those who inherit the fruition of their labors, with fuller consecration and devotion to the Cause, and to bestow that power of deep conviction for sin, which shall prepare us for a permaneut increase. Let us welcome the lightning's flash, and the voice of a Second Thunder now rolling th;ough the Heavens. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.