An Exemplary Life the best Preaching. CHARLES JULIUS PRETER. A seemingly well to do, cultured, and intelligent man, in company with two females, visited us one day, purposely to find out if the Shakers did live up to their profession of living a pure and holy life. They were greatly pleased with all that they saw, and admitted, that^ Believers came nearer to the example and life of Jesus, than any people, sect, or denomination, they knew of. They declared that they were disgusted with all the preaching in the world, they did look at it as vanity, priestcraft, and folly. The gentleman of the party said, 'Obey the golden rule, and the two great commandments, and live up to the fifty-eighth chapter of Isaiah, and you will sure and certainly be saved and kindly received into the spirit spheres. This made quite a sensation in our Family, and caused us to examine those texts in the Scripture by ourselves. The golden rule is, ' Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them, for this is the law and the prophets.' Matt, vii., 12. The two great commandments are, 'Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind,' this is the first and treat commandment, and the second is like unto it, 'Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself, on these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets.' Matt, xxii., 37. The fifty-eighth chapter of Isaiah reads thus, 'Is it such a fast that I have chosen ? a day for a man to afflict his soul ? is it to bow down his head as a bulrush, and to spread sackcloth and ashes under him? wilt thou call this a fast, and an acceptable day to the Lord ? Is not this the fast that I have chosen? to loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to let the oppressed go free, t nd that ye break every yoke ? Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungry, and that thou bring the poor that are cast out to thy house? When thou seest the naked, that thou cover him, and that thou hide not thyself from thy own flesh? Then shall thy light break forth as the morning, and thine health shall spring forth speedily ; and thy righteousness shall go before thee; the glory of the Lord shall be thy reward. Then shalt thou call and the Lord shall answer, thou shalt cry, and he shall say, Here I am.' In these few texts are comprehended the true meaning and purport of all the scriptures. 'If a man say I love God, and hateth his brother, he is a li-ir, for he that loveth not his brother whom he haih seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen ?' 1 John, iv., 20. And how can any one love his neighbor, or his brother as himself, except on the strictest principles of equity and equality, justice and righteousness? All who constitute the true church of Christ live in a community as Brethren and Sisters, where all fare alike, and where those who stand in front are showing by their works, 1hat they bear the greatest cross of self-denial ; Jesus said unto his disciples, 'If any man will come after me let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.' Matt, xvi., 24. Self-denial is the first thing our Savior requires, the next a cross to bear, by living a pure, chaste, and holy virgin life, and then 'follow me,' to live just as he did. The mission of Jesus was, 'On earth peace, and good will toward men.' Luke, ii., 14. 'Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God.' Matt, v., 9. 'All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword.' Matt, xxvi., 52. Our Savior set us an example of meekness and humility, of charity and love. 'Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me ; for I am meek and lowly in heart and ye shall find rest unto your souls.' Matt, xi., 29. 'Bre'hren if a man be overtaken with a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such an one in the spirit of meekness.' Gal. vi., 1. The advice given by Mother Ann was, ' Never speak to, or reprove any one, while under excitement or in a passion.' 'In meekness instructing those that oppose themselves.' 2 Tim. xi., 25. A good Believer will never give any one a harsh or unkind word, but will remember always the advice of our Savior, 'Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you, that you may be the children of your Father in heaven ; for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and the good, and sendeth rain on the just and unjust.' Matt, v., 44. 'By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another.' John, xiii., 35. Believers who are now established more than one-hundred years io this country, have given evidence to all men, that they are the children of the Prince of Peace, for they have always been opposed to all wars and fightings, they would rather suffer death, than be compelled to kill, or even to injure, wound, or hurt any one of their fellow men. There are but a few denominations of Christians outside of our Order who follow our principles in this respect, such as the Quakers, Dunkers, Menonites etc., who have our blessings and sympathies on that account. But what do we behold among the rest of the self-styled Christian nations in the world, Catholics, as well as Protestants? Not less than eighteen million soldiers are enrolled, drilled and armed, liable to be ordered out, to butcher one another among those who call themselves civilized in Europe alone aside of those in other continents and divisions of the earth. A person's life is far more safe in Constautinople, Smyrna, or Cairo, than in New York, Paris, or London. What awful crimes are committed to these (christian ?) cities ! Are not the large Mahometan cities far ahead of them in regard to common decency and morality ? There is not a single house of illfame, nor places where intoxicating drinks are sold, to be found in all the moslem cities. The Turkish police would severely punish them, if such were to be found. Are any so blind, as not to perceive the difference between the peaceful followers of the meek and lowly Prince of Peace, and the murderous followers of Cain, who are seeking to imbrue their hands in their brethren's blood? As true believers in Christ's second appearing, let us give evidence to the world by our exemplary lives, by living strictly chaste, righteously, godly, and soberly, by practicing every virtue, and good work, to be honest, kindly treating all men, to abstain from all filthy, vicious habits, intoxicating drinks, and tobacco, but above all things labor for charity, which is the bond of perfection, so that those outside of our order, when they see our good works, may praise God in the day of their visitation. Union Village, Ohio.