Dear vegetarian friends, Ernest and Paul: I have received your letter... San Francisco, Cal., July, 1887. Dear vegetarian friends, Ernest and Paul :- -I have received your letter, also Manifesto. The motives which led you to settle at Mount Lebanon, I cannot understand, at present at least, but since you invite me to do the same you will not deny my request for further information. Before putting direct questions, I would state certain points upon which we perhaps agree. The starting-point of all intellectual activity is the b &gt;dy, beginning with the development and ending with the death of the animal organism. Morality is intellectual activity. The healthier the body is the more perfect will be its intellectual activity. Perfection is an ever eluding object; it may be yearned after, but can never be reached. If morality is an intellectual activity resulting from the development of the animal organism, sensuousness must be a part in the growth of that organism when the human being was yet so imperfect that no intellectual phenomena could be produced. Therefore, a continued development of the body, would make the human race perfect, both intellectually and morally. Since the Shakers believe to have shaken off sexual sensuality they can count only upon the development of single individuals; Shakers are therefore a portion of humanity that disappears with the death of the single individual. Man is the product of the evolution of generations; there is, therefore, a doubt whether single individuals may reach that development the attainment of which has hitherto been the task of his ancestors. If we regard the religious systems of the day as the dogmatic forms of the culture of the different historical periods, we are compelled to come back to our starting-point, recognizing the human body as the material basis of all and every reform. Having become Shakers you accept a religious view which our contemporaries in their progressive march have left behind them long ago. This is about my view of the ethics opposed to the aims of Shakerism. We vegetarians should, according to our individual gifts, stand as high as any of our contemporaries as regards health, morals and economies, because we obey the laws of nature. If you can prove these views to be incorrect I shall be thankful for your instructions, and will act accordingly; if not, let us at least continue to work together in the field of dietetics. With kind regards, L. R