The Alpha, is published on the first of each month, by the Moral Educational Society of Washington, D. C. The reformitory work which this paper seeks to establish in the world, and the devoted interest which it manifests in calling the attention of all classes to a higher standard of morality, it worthy of much praise. It is quite time that these lessons, so essentially necessary for happiness in this life, should be placed before the public, that this form of ' knowledge may cover the land as the waters cover the sea.' Edited by Caroline B. Winslow, and published at$l. OOayr. Prim art Monthly. An illustrated Magazine for supplementary reading in primary schools, pp 32. 3 cts. pr copy. Interstate Pub. Co. 30 Franklin St. Boston. Intermediate Monthly. An illustrated Magazine of entertaining and instructive stories for boys and girls, pp 32. Price same as ' Primary.' The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health. Contents: Oct. Luke P. Poland; Observations in Mesmerism forty years ago; Some Notable Characters of the Day; Christian Religion, Its History and Divisions; Evolutionary Problems; Old Time Courtesy; O. S. Fowler; Heredity; Mrs. Smith's Way; Indications of Disease in Infants; Healthy v. s. Injurious Brain Work; Should Women remain in the Medical Profession ? Child Culture; Notes on Science; Poetry, etc. Fowler &amp; Wells Co. 775 Broadway, N. Y. $2. a year. Thirty Second Annual Report of the Odd Fellows Lib. Association of city of San Francisco, for 1886- -87. Peter Henderson &amp; Co's Autumn Catalogue of Bulbs, Plants and Seeds, for 1887. 35 Courtland St. N. Y. Hall's Journal of Health. Oct. Contents: Our Prospects and Purposes; Prohibition; Natural Gas; Instinct of Animals; Mesmerism; Damp Cellars ; Treatment of the Hair; Influence of drugs; Dress; Defective Speech; Fish Diet for Children; A Curiosum; Household, etc., etc. Office 206 Broadway, N. Y. $ 1. a year. The Forest and Steam Publishing Co., (New York) announce for early publication ' Uncle Lisha's Shop, or Life in a Corner of Yankeeland,' by Rowland E. Robinson. The dialect and faithful portraiture of Green Mountain characters are said to be very felicitous.