PERSEVERANCE. MARY JOHNSTON. '' Let us not be weary in well-doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not. ' Perseverance is the vital spring that forms our lives and characters and makes it possible to overcome apparently insurmountable obstacles in the pursuit of any great or noble achievement. In reviewing the past, all great enterprises and undertakings have succeeded over the great mountains of discouragemeot, unbelief, and opposition by a firm and steady adherence to this beautiful virtue, Perseverance. So it proves at the present day equally as important towar Js the unfolding of the latent g'M'ins that lie hidden beneath the chaos of the unsettled mind, to persevere onward and upward from the labyrinths that would obstruct our advancement to higher conditions. The beautiful text above promises that if we are faithful we shall reap of the fruits of our labors. Had not our parents of the Gospel persevered in maintaining the testimony of light and truth, where would be their followers to-day? But thank God ! they have paved the way of freedom from the dominion of the adversary. The flood-gates of light are swinging open to the world, and people are beginning to see the light and Power that will aid them to fight the good fight and triumph over all. Although our opportunities for doing good may be small, yet we must remember it is not the great acts, but rather the litile deeds of love that are the truest and the purest. We all have i within our pow7er to contribute towards each other some little attention of kindness ; though small it may appear to us it will not be lost- -therefore ' let us not be weary in well-doing : for we shall reap if we faint not.' Nothing but perseverance ever accomplished the great reforms which bless our country to-day ; workers whose indefatigable energies sought to alleviate the wounds and bruises of a needy and suffering people- -and as we reflect upon their labors, we will note how all thought of self was left far in the distance. Through this channel of great and successful efforts attained, mighty evolutiots of the mind and soul enforce the practicability of recognizing woman at the standard of equality. Woman is the great emblem of liberty for our beloved land, and why should it not be so in reality? Shall our emblem ever remain a fac-simile of the true and perfect organization of God's law ? I see from various sources outside the pale of Shakerdom that many minds recognize the duality of a Father and Mother in the God-head, and from all appearances the time is not far distant when the Holy Spirit will again visit the children of men, with great power and baptize with the fire that will not be quenched until all the chaff and rubbish of a proud and worldly spirit shall be consumed. May the time hasten when the earth shall be so favored- -for few are the laborers to reap this great and glorious harvest, but ' let us commit our way unto the Lord ; trust also in him, and he shall bring it to pass. ' Psa. xxxvii., 5. There are two great epochs in the world's history that always rise before our vision with special reverence. First, the life of our Savior and his disciples how they suffered all persecution even unto death- -and second, the life of Mother Ann Lee and her followers. What violent and abusive conduct was their portion as they endeavored to establish the great Millennium that showed the necessity of bearing a full cross in order to be one with Christ in that kingdom where no unclean thing can enter. These two cycles embrace all the conditions that man could wish to attain, and right here, we see a noble banner with the inscription in golden letters that tells us 'Our Hope is through Faithfulness and Perseverance.' This encomium is awarded our Goapel Parents, and all who make the full sacrifice. Oftentimes when I am called to traverse the field ot test and trial, if I find any lurking foe not rallying round this standard of trust, I ask at once is every motive acceptable to the Holy One? Is his honor and glory the first thought? or is the first thought for the honor and glory of self? It is only through adherence to this divine injunction : 'Not to grow weary in well-doing' that we may at last reap the blessed result. Pleasant Hill, Ky.