OUR FATHER CHANCY DIBBLE. God dwells in a multitude and works through unnumbered instrumentalities, to whom He imparts life and through whom He makes his character and will known to all his intelligences, so far as is within their comprehension. Truth does not shine in all its luster where ignorance and superstition reigns, hence, inconsistent ideas of the past must fade before the advancing light. Yet there are eternal truths to which every rational mind must concede. Whatever shades of error may cling about us, virtue, peace and love must be respected throughout the realm of intelligences in heaven and earth, aud those who practice these virtues are the light of the world. All our life service, our encomiums upon the loveliness of our Savior, of his death and suffering upon the cross, all the churches and church going, the prayers aud missionary labors will never atone for disobedience to our convictions of right. We look with scorn upon the Jews of old for rejecting Christ. Have we emerged out of that savage condition, sufficiently, to accept practically, the life of the Savior ? Does the pomp and splendor of the churches, the revelry in luxury and ease, manifest the graces of meekness and love? We complain of the spirit of monopoly and fraud that is growing so mightily in society. Are professing Christians a whit behind in these? Does the stupendous preparations now in progress among Christian nations for war, prove them to be followers of the Prince of Peace ? Christian nations have the most destructive war materials, are the bravest, and fear each other most; a compliment indeed for our military heroes ; and are they not most haughty, revengeful and tyrannical? Do ouch endorse the motto, '' Pray for those who despitefully use you. Love your enemies.' We look and pray with longing hearts for the Millennium to dawn. Are the people prepared to accept it, in its purity peace aud harmony? We fear if Jesus should come ne would be as of old, without where to lay his head. The self-righteous cannot, will not be baptized with that spirit, for the Gospel is opposed to a lif.- of worldKness We need not expect to see heaven coming down f-om the skies or be wafted to us already prepared, if we neglect to cultivate gospel graces in our own hearts. This consecration of our lives to the good of others ; this dying daily to all our evil habits; is this too expensive? We may yet meet ourselves in a straight place where there will be no turning. and the record of our lives will be plain before us. Then shall. we be thankful for a gospel of mercy. Would it not be wise to commence a reform right here ; to become clothed by degrees with those graces which adorn the angel world ? This requires patient continuance in well-doing, until sin is eradicated and we reign triumphant over self. Such have eternal life abiding in them for they live in the spirit and can never die. When the animal part decays, the spirit lives in all its intelligence, to meet kindred fssociations in a sphere beyond, where our associates will be those of our own choosing. May the kind Father aud Mother of all, aid us through those ministering spirits of light, whose love extends to all the needy. May we feel the warmth of the sun of righteousness which shines equally for all. May Christian equality prevail, aud all be made happy together. Then will heaven come nearer to earth, and angels shed their blessings freely upon us. Watervliet, N. Y.