Fear of the Lord... ASENATH C. STICKNEY. ' The fear of ihe Lord is the beginning of wisdom.' This saying, though written centuries since, contains a truth, which in my estimation, is as appropriate in its application to us of the present age, as for those to whom it was addressed by the devout Psalmist. 'The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom,' was the oft repeated lesson in our copy book when a pupil, and although the impress of its certainty has never faded from memory, yet its deeper spiritual meaning recurs to me today, with new force, and so instinct with vitality is it, so freighted with wisdom that to repeat, or transcribe the same in a mechanical way would now seem but a very feeble use of its twofold value. Hoping, therefore, to make it a medium of practical benefit, personally coupled with a deep solicitude for the welfare of youthful mind.- -, I invite the attention of the latter to the meaning of the text quoted, and to bring to their notice also in how many simple ways the same is and ran be actualized by individuals v\ho fear God rather than human opinion. I am happy to realize that there are worthy characters with whom we are daily conversant who are patterns of goodness, and in whose lives the beginning of wisdom is so vividly apparent, in bearing and address that the most morally obtuse, and uncultured in our ranks are compelled to admire, in such, what they cannot imitate, yet are attracted to a better life, through the unassuming, moral dignity and politeness of such. Experience teaches that God-fearing persons are proverbially well-bred and consequently, are invested with a charm which is especially winning to youth and has in itself a power for good. 'We invariably find that the genuine Christian, though 'ruthfuland simple in demeanor, is yet courteous in speech, deferential to youth, as well as to age, cordial to equals, charitable to inexperience, and forgiving to the wayward. Such are never boisterous or in any way inconsistent with their profession of practical peace, and oft in their near and prayerful approaches to God, I seem to hear them breathe with the poet, the sentiment of the beautiful lines addressed to Him. ' What are ten thousand worlds, compared to Thee? And what am I then? Heaven's unnumbered host, Though multiplied by myriads and arrayed In all the glory of sublimest thought, Is but an atom in the balance weighed Against thy greatness;- -is a cipher brought, Against Infinity! O! what am I then? Naught.' Bu1. to return to practical experience I will add that one rarely hears the heavy footfalls of these, in dwellings consecrated to prayer, nor is annoyed by the harsh raising or closing of windowsashes or blinds especially in hours sacred to worship or repose. No reckless opening or slamming of doors heralds their casual entrance or departure from any apartment, or in other words, no echoes reach us indicative of the gross language of uncurbed passion, for the fear and the love of godliness rules the entire being. Still further, no exaggerated statements fall readily from their lips about common occurrences to shock the ear or pain the heart of the truth loving, and thus we might continue to enumerate the excellencies of those whose habits of politeness, resting upon a basis as exalted as is the truth of our chosen text make peace and harmony in the externals of this life. From examples instanced here, I think we may readily discover from whence proceeds the real goodness which we so much admire, and from what principles of honor too real excellence of character is evolved. Hence, we infer that it is no mark of superiority to be loud and boastful in speech, or dictatorial in manner. That truth is never made more conclusive by strong expressions, that falseness of assertion through habitual exaggeration, whether employed in praise or censure, betokens moral weakness, and strictly speaking is the language of ignorance, dictated by passion rather than by superior intelligence. To my dear youthful friends let me extend this cordial invitation, that as you essay to join the ranks of the disciples of the cross, you will unite with us in a renewed covenant to cultivate good manners, and aim to be more select in your choice of words in common conversation. Permit me to instance just a few specimen expressions from the many which you should avoid and which unfortunately too often, find their way into would-be refined circles of the present age, trusting that by so doing, you will see more clearly the errors to which I point, as follows :- -It is horribly cold today. I think this rain is just horrid. I am awful tired. I am tired to death. I believe I shall starve. That is an aw ful, pretty flower. Such a remark was awful cute. Added to the grammatical incorrectness with which the words, awful, horrid and terrible are used, there is such a falseness in the statements thus made when viewed from a moral standpoint, that though used as qualifying adjectives, or adverbs, they are not only misplaced in that sense but in connection with all slang phrases, are as entirely out of place in the social converse of Christian civilization, as are common outlaws and criminals among peaceable citizens. One of our early leaders, Father Job Bishop, often reproved young people for the too common use of the word awful. He said, ' There is nothing awful but the judgments of God, and you should not make a free use of this word.' Trusting that some youthful mind may be worthily impressed with what is here written I will conclude this appeal by repeating, - -' The fear of tht Lord is the beginning of wisdom, and the knowledge of the holy is understanding.' Canterbury, N. H.