ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL. ANNA WHITE. It so happened recently that it fell to the lot of the writer, in company with four others of the family, to visit that great modern Babylon of confusion, New York City, and that too, when a tropical sun shed its fiery rays unreservedly from out a clear July sky, threatening to dissolve, if not consume. A releasement of thirty-eight years from confinement within brick walls and stone pavements, out into the green pastures and beside the still waters, made my heart leap for joy at the recollection of so happy an escape. The wickedness existing upon that little island of over one million inhabitants, is undoubtedly sufficient to sink it out of sight; and were it not for a few righteous souls a similar fate might occur which befell Sodom and Gomorrah. It has been prophecied that New York City would be swallowed up by water, and as immigration and crime increase is there not danger? We would readily admit that a spiritual wave, or earth quake might engulf it to advantage. As character is moulded anew by virtuous living, it makes its impress upon the features, and shines forth with a divine radiance that betokens a union with the Christ spirit, so with a character that is selfish, intemperate and licentious, whether arrayed in purple or hcarlet colors, and decked with previous stones and costly pearls, or, in tattered habiliments of poverty and siu- -the moulding is there- -it cannot be hid, not even from mortals, much less from an All-seeing eye. The mark of Cain, of disobedience to moral and divine law, is stamped on the visage. And perhaps nowhere else are all the varied characteristics of life better exemplified, thau in the densely crowded thoroughfares of an over-populated city. But where are all these people going, as they rush to and fro and dash against each other like the angry waves of the sea? Why do they flock together in such multitudes, when acre upon acre of land is lying idle, and suffering for the want of cultivation ? Ah ! this is the great problem that is agitating thousands of minds on both continents ; and who is able to solve it? A mighty struggle between capital and labor is going on in the heart of humanity, a war of ideas, that will eventually put to flight the childish notion, that 'might makes right.' But anon. Wending our way up the broad avenues lined with palaces on either side, with now and then a 'steeple house,' we find upon the highest site of ground in that vicinity on Fifth Avenue corner of 50th street, the famous Roman Catholic Church, St. Patrick's Cathedral, 'the greatest and most magnificent church in the United States. It was projected in 1850 by Archb'shop Hughes, and dedicated by Cardinal McCloskey. It has cost over $2, 000,000. It is in the thirteenth century decorated Gothic style, and the material is fine white marble. It is a Latin cross, 306 feet long, and 120 feet wide (140 at transepts,) and 108 feet high, with a noble clere-story upheld on, long lines of clustered marble columns, and carrying a lofty and richly ornamented ceiling. On each side of the front gable (which is 156 feet high, or taller than most of the steeples of America,) the carved and pinnacled spires are to be carried to a height of 328 feet when this huge marble mountain will be a landmark for leagues. The 70 windows (37 of which are memorial) are of rich stained glass, and were made at Chartres, France, at a cost of $100, 000. The main altar is 40 feet high, of Italian marble, inlaid with gems, and bass reliefs of the Passion ; and on one side is the great Gothic throne cf the archbishop. The altar of the Holy Family, of Tennessee marble and Caen stone ; of the Blessed Virgin, of curiously carved French walnut; of the Sacred Heart, of bronze ; &amp;c.' Entering this immense chapel, still unfinished, we find a few worshipers kneeling before the altar. One approaches in mourning apparel, and after a few ceremonies of introduction, in painful solemnity announces in the Apostles' Creed, 'I believe in the Holy Catholic Church, thank God.' Yea, we said, in all due reverence to her sincerity, 'and thank God we live in a free country, where all may worship according to the dictates of their own consciences.' 'Ah! but there is only one Church' continued she, and then repeating the Nicene Creed, 'I believe in one Catholic an''! Apostolic Church,' moved on to the vestry room. Here we were escorted by a matron in charge, a noble specimen of womanhood, who kindly and courteously answered our numerous questions and showed much pleasure and interest in taking us around. Here were the sacerdotal garments made of linen that the priest had just laid aside after mass, and something rolled up in a napkin that he held in his hand at the ascension that no woman was allowed to touch; also a silver chalice from which he drank wine upon certain occasions, that likewise whs not to be defiled by the hand of woman. Our womanly instincts revolted at this, and put in their claims that 'a woman was as pure as a man, and indeed called to be the redeeming ageut to lift out of the mire and mud of sensuality her brother man, by bruising the serpent's head, which is the lust of the flesh, and living a pure and spotless life here in this present evil world.' It was seemingly admitted. She informed us that at the foot of the altar in the church vault lay the bodies of Archbishop Hughes and Cardinal McCloskey. Here we made a remark that greatly shocked her as we related the fact that 'the Archbishop was partially converted to Shakerism while on a visit to Mt. Lebanon some years since, and that he then endorsed most of our principles, and undoubtedly had united with our Order in the spirit world long ago.' We next attacked the needless labor and lavish use of money expended upon the church, when it would have served a far better purpose in filling the mouths of the hungry with bread and covering their bodies with clothing. This touched a tender spot. 'The poor ye have always with you,' she quoted, 'and earthly temples cannot be too grand and costly reared for the Lord.' 'Jesus was forced to make that declaration' we remarked, 'and would be obliged to do the same today were he to enter a city like this and witness as we are now doing the inequality existing. In Christ there is neither rich nor, poor, high nor low, bond nor free, Jew nor Greek, male nor female. You will find upon examination that the principles which Jesus taught are practically illustrated in our Shaker homes ; and gathering up the crumbs that nothing be lost, is not regarded as among the least of his precepts. But what are you going to do with Father McGlynu ? 'Oh! the blessed saint,' she ejaculated, 'so good, so humble, to think he could commit such an error.' 'What has he done in violation of the church discipline?' we queried. 'That lies between the father and the son- -between Pope Leo xiii and Dr. Edward McGlynn.' Farewell my catholic sister, while we admire and reverence your sincerity, we detest your false system. At this instant the entire scene changed, a shudder crept over us as suddenly this splendid cathedral, to our mental vision, was converted into the Inquisition with ail its horrors. You could almost feel the grip of the gibbet, the cruel fangs of the rack, the dismal damps of the dungeon with the faggot and flame. The same spirit was there as existing in the loth century when thirty thousand heretics in the name of God were slain in one day ; and did the same power rule we might expect like results. Xo wonder that men like Dr. McGlynn feel the oppression of the usurper's yoke, and not for themselves only but for thousands of workingmen and women whom they represent. May their influence under the Christ spirit help 'loose the bands of wickedness, and undo the hea^y burdens, and let the oppressed go free.' Farewell to St. Patrick's Cathedral, thy glitter and luster without, hides not thy deformity within. 'Woe unto you Scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites ! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres which indeed appeal' beautiful without, but are within full of dead meu's bones, and of all uncleanness..' Jesus. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.