NOTES. MANIFESTO. NOVEMBER, 1887. Office of publication. The Manifesto is published at Shaker Village Mer. Co., N. H. All articles for publication should be addressed to Henry C. Blinn, and all letters on financial business to A. Y. Cochran. TERMS. One copy per year, postage paid, ' six months, ' Send for specimen copy, free. .75 .40 THE CHURCH AND ITS PROMISES. Although we may differ from the great body of Christ.ans, in our acceptance of the life of Christ, we feel well assured that we have received the spirit of his mission. As imperfectly as-we may represent the order of the work, we know that the foundation principles are sure, and that all who are led by the spirit of God, are the sons and daughters of God. Against this life and testimony of Jesus Christ, 'the gates of hell' can never prevail. It may become a matter of convenience for some to throw aside the yoke and the cross which belongs to the work of regeneration, when they learn that there is danger of losing their fellowship with the children of this world. By the law of corresponding necessity, they must have their reward, as a just retribution must follow all the deeds done in the body, whether they are good or evil. To us, it seems hardly consistent to accept a teacher and then show an utter disregard to his special instructions. No order of an earthly government would tolerate such a dereliction of duty, without the infliction of severe penalty on the transgressor. 'If you love me,' said Jesus, 'you will keep my commandments.' This proved to be a correct test, although so kindly and so carefully referred to their own consciences. But the Christian as an individual, the Christian Church and the Christian world, have chosen to modify and to change the order of the primitive or apostolic church, till it would be difficult to recognize it by the name which it assumes. That is, if to be a Christian, means 'one whose inward and outward life is conformed to the doctrines of Christ.' The simplicity - -f the word that was preached in the wilderness, by Jchn, while calling men to repentance, and subsequently, the deeper and clearer word of Jesus, which made the deaf to hear and the blind to see, has but little in it that moves harmoniously by the side of a creed-bound and world-absorbing Christian church. From the first to the last day, in the advent of Jesus, his whole theme was the coming of the kingdom of God, and the manner in which it was to be established on the earth, among men. In this kingdom, or church, God was to be hallowed; men were to forgive their enemies, as they would ask of God to be forgiven ; and the ruling spirit was to harmonize through all its government, with that in the kingdom of heaven. The selfish relation of the world, which has its foundation in the flesh, and which has ruled, more or less directly every action, must now give THE place to a life of self-abnegation, when those who do the will of God, as Jesus taught, are to be his and our brothers and sisters. He tells us that he had no private inheritance in the world, no place, even, to rest his head, and yet, at the same time, he advised those who would become his disciples, to dispose of their earthly treasures and form, with him, a community of united interest, where they could realize an hundred fold of all the blessings of this world, and an assurance of eternal life. All this was promised to those who would follow him in the regeneration. The lv.',velator, in his beautiful vision, saw those who were redeemed from among men, who stood without fault before the throne of God; and this class 'follow the Lamb of God whithersoever he goeth.' If Jesus taught his disciples to lay up their treasures in the kingdom of God, we must do and teach the same, or we cannot, in truth, follow him. Every writer of the history of Jesus, understands all this, and also understands equally as well, that the Pentecostal church was built upon this very foundation of obedience to the life of Christ. It was a church where the members were to have a love and a brotherly interest in each other, which should stand in advance of any order to be found among the children of this world. A righteousness that should exceed the righteousness of all religious professors who came before him. It was to be a living church, rising in the resurrection of Christ. Death was to have no part in it, for those who were alive and believed on him, should never die. Jesus, no doubt, gloried in his freedom from the selfishness of the world, when he said, 'The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests, but the son of man hath not where to lay his head.' Every Christian communist can say the same, and yet, enjoy to a fulness the hundred fold relation. 'Seek first the kingdom of God and its righteousness,' said he, and not occupy all the time in thinking what we shall eat and drink, and of the garments in which we are to be clothed. Something higher and better should be found upon which to dwell. To the virtuous, rich man he said, 'If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell all thou hast, give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven ; then come and follow me.' Sell all thou hast! It was in this religious brotherhood, this community of united inheritance, that those who possessed property were to sell their houses and lauds and make their consecration to the church. The fearful example that was made of two per.sons, by the disciples at Pentecost, who by deceitfully representing the amount of their property, lost their lives, might, seemingly, be clear to the most obtuse mind, and yet the Christian church by some form of twistificatiou, ignoi*e all these lessons, and rush along among the multitude, hand iu hand with the sons of Belial. There were lessons of value, also, in the days of Moses, bordering very closely upon this same form of discipline, and as he was called a schoolmaster to bring souls to Christ, his work was, in all respects, a much needed preparation. The earthly blessings which God promised the Israelites, through Moses were abundant. 'The Lord thy God bringeth thee into a good land, a land of brooks of water, of fountains and depths that spring out of the hills ; a land of wheat and barley, and vines, and fig trees, and pomegrauites, a land of olive oil and honey, a land wherein thou shalt eat bread without scarceness, thou shalt not lack anything in it; a land where stones are iron, and out of the hills thou mayest dig brass.' Deut. viii., 9. And this extended promise was made while the Israelites were wanderers in the wilderness, and forced to live on bread and water. But the promise was good to those who were privileged to enter the land of Canaan. Jesus in the same spirit promised to those who love him and keep his commandments, an hundred fold of earthly blessings and spiritually eternal life. And this, when he had no home and no earthly possessions ; yet his words have been and are being fulfilled in those who live as he lived. Everything of this order gives its inspiration to the work in which the ' Believers' are engaged. 'Blest be that universal love, For which the Christian aims ; Whose source in God, is found above All narrow, human claims. As towers the lofty mountain top Above the distant sea, So stands the merits of this love In its divinity.'