L. R. Respected friend: Since your last letter to our beloved... Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., Aug. 1887. L. R. Respected Friend :- -Since your last letter to our beloved brethren Ernest and Paul contains such severe strictures upon what you terra '- -Shakerism' I feel justified in taking the liberty to answer your views in their and our behalf. Your arguments culminate in the sweeping assertion that the Church of Christ's Second Appearing is a relic of the dark ages which men of your progressive ideas have long ago left behind. Do you know what you are talking about when you make such an assertion ? Are you so well informed in regard to the aims and endeavors and practical life of Believers, (called Shakers) that you feel competent to condemn them as unworthy of your consideration? But since you ask for further information aod promise to act accordingly, it is clear that your opinions are based upon ignorance ; but I also discover the honest heart of a wellmeaning, enthusiastic young man behind it all. Allow me to enlighten you. 'Shakerism' is a narrow, denominational nnd rather disrespectful term for the everlasting gospel of Christ. All '- -isms' savor of bigotry. The gospel is glad tidings of joy, i. e. happiness. What and who is Christ? Not only the man Jesus but every one who possesses his spirit and endeavors to do the will of God according to his light and knowledge. Who and what is God? The etymology of the word explains it sufficiently ; it is good and goodness. All men worship something, either consciously or unconsciously. You worship the human body, and the stomach at that! It is the most ignoble of all worship, even below the fetichism of the poor African. Men grow like unto what is most in their thoughts. If God is their all in all, a sublime ideal, embodying love, justice, mercy and power in perfection, a beautiful character, a peaceable, pure and righteous life will be the result. But what if the stomach is the continual object of contemplation ? Not even physical health, moral stamina and intellectual vigor will thereby be created. You are right when you say that the starting-point of all individual, intellectual activity is with the body ; you are wrong when you say that it euds with the body. Any spiritualist, aod there are millions of them, can tell you that the dead do live without the physical, material body. You are wrong when you declare it to be a fact that the healthier the body the more moral the person will be. Is John L. Sullivan, the prize-fighter, a moral character whose conduct is to be imitated ? Yet he is as healthy as man can be. Are the Apaches of Arizooa, whose physical endurance is undisputed, such a virtuous people as to excite admiration ? Physical health is desirable above all earthly things, but unless it is supplemented by that moral and spiritual health that causes men to leave off sinuiug, even sacrificing health rather than do a positive wrong, they will be but little better than savages. Why talk about perfection when you say it is unattainable? Yet you also say that a continuous development of the human body will make the race perfect in all respects. I leave it to yourself to harmonize the contradiction. But there is to be perfection ; if not in this world then in the next. Man has his roots in the soil of this earth ; he is to grow up into heaven. Of course Shakers are born and die as individuals like all the rest of the race ; but their faith and principles live after them ; oth- er hands will take them up. Je^us was never married, but his words are influencing more lives for good today than ever before. There is a power in moral and spiritual truth that does not perish with the body. How can the race as a whole progress and develop unless individuals, the units composing the whole, arise and advance to higher spheres? Morality and spirituality are acquired chiefly by careful training and education, by correct habits of life and the stern lessons of experience. It is therefore not necessary for Shakers to marry in order to perpetuate their institutions. How mistaken you are to consider the human body as the all that there is of mau ! Again you demonstrate the fallacy of your own doctrine. You yearn for progress, development, advancement. But man cannot lift himself up unless he lays hold of something outside and above himself. No one has ever succeeded in elevating himself by pulling at his boot-straps. Please do give al! the many millions who believe in God and immortality credit for some common sense, honesty and discernment. Do not consider all as being fools or slaves of superstition and bigotry who pass through life trusting upon a heavenly Father for strength to do their duties, hoping to dwell at last in a better land where sin and death are no more. Whatever progress the race has made, whatever is good and desirable in civilization, is the fruit of the genuine religious principle. If all men thought as you profess to think almost every incentive that makes men orderly, law-abiding, self-restrained, moral beings, would be swept away. If the body is all, then the gratification of the bodily senses will become the chief aim of life and corruption the inevitable result. You are a vegetarian, therefore I have hope of you that you may be converted to true Christianity ; not that a supreme importance attaches to a vegetable diet, but my hopes are based upon the fact that a man who can deny himself, in opposition to universal customs, for what he considers a righteous cause, has the stuff and quality in himself to become a righteous man in all respects. As it is, you are clinging to a single frail plank barely able, to keep you afloat. Why not climb on to the mighty Argosy of which Christ is captain ? Perhaps in after years you will discover that your present ism is but one side in the many sided, well-balanced character of the perfect man. Ever since the founding of the Shaker order many of its members have been vegetarians; their wants have been and are today being supplied. We are opposed to the party-spirit that is as death to the delicate organism of a community. We take no part in politics. Democrats and Republicans are unknown, yet we are patriots who love our country and desire its peace and prosperity. Should at any time public sentiment become aroused regarding animal food, that sentiment would find a cordial response in Shaker communities; just as the temperance agitation of forty or fifty years ago resulted in the abolition of all- alcoholic drinks as a beverage. To make vegetarianism a requirement today would be premature ; it would exclude many who i.re willing to live the higher life. Have we a right to deny the privileges of the gospel to those to whom the consumption of animal food is not a sin ? The tree is known by its fruits. There is abundant evidence that the fruits of the gospel system are the very things hum-duity has longed for so long. Poverty does not exist, because all labor and are satisfied with the necessaries and simple comforts of life ; neither are there great riches to tempt to idleness and dissipation. Drunkenness, gambling, sexual immorality, vice in all its various forms, is unknown. Many useful inventions have originated in Shaker communities. A new system of rational theology has been created. Hell has been abolished; the fear of death is taken away ; the avenues of communication with the other world are opened ; a heavenly Mother has been placed by the side of a heavenly Father ; the hope of final salvation and eternal happiness to all is held out. And we expect to be happy here in this world by getting rid of sin of every name and nature as fast as possible. But those who are merely seeking a temporal home where they can nurse their miserable egotism at the expense of the consecrated labor of others find it about the most uncomfortable place they can get into ; while they who come. in through the open door and by an honest confession of their sins, prove the sincerity of their convictions, a new life is dawning upon them, the kingdom of heaven on earth is opening before them, peace and consolation are theirs, the Father's name is written on their foreheads and his spirit dwel's in their hearts. Brush away the scales that are blinding your vision. Do not think of God as the Jewish war-god or as the triple incongruity of orthodoxy; but rather think of Him as with swelling heart you think of your earthly parents, conceive Him as a being of perfect love and mercy, who will sooner or later, draw all home to Himself. I have written at greater length than I intended, but I never weary telling of the beauty of the spiritual life. We are in the midst of a busy season ; God has blessed us with an abundant harvest of fruit and grain and vegetables, and it requires much labor to take care of everything. Now I must bid you farewell, praying that God's holy spirit may lead you into paths of truth and right and make your life a useful and a happy one. But should at any time the spirit within you struggle mightily to burst the chains that now bind it down, and you feel as if the ends of the world had come upon you, and things once near and dear appear as loss and dross, then think of Mt. Lebanon, as a haven of refuge, think of your friends, those who are watching and praying for you and many others whom the Lord will call in his own good time. Your friend, Louis Basting.