UNREST. MARTHA J. ANDERSON. Heave, heave ye giand billows on time's cradled sea, Tumultuous toss on its breast! Break, break on its strand ye wild waves and free, Ye are emblems of human unrest! The surging of thought from the depths of the mind Is swaying the nations today, The tides that are rushing, what power can bind? Who, truth's potent forces shall sway? There are prophets arisen as true as of yore, Apostles who hallow no creeds, Who are waking to action as never before, To work for humanity's needs. With new inspiration the people are stirred, How the old wrongs and new wrongs will quail, Till righteousness answers to justice deferred, And the true golden rule will prevail. While the voice of the throng loudly clamors for right, There are many who silently bear, Awaiting God's time, and the arm of his might, To bring a response to their prayer. The strong rule of centuries rise9 to sight, A castle, with battlements high, Which the art, skill and valor of labor's bold knight With courage and patience defy. Not force or blind passion will conquer or win, Nor the red flag, defiant unfurled; Ope your hearts O ye people let Christ enter in, He triumphs o'er sins of the world! The Master was greatest, yet humblest in name, No landed estate did He own, No home, and no title to wealth laid He claim, By love was His mission made known. The friend of the poor, the weak and oppressed, Reprover of folly and sin; The wrongs of the widow and orphan redressed, And strove all the erring to win. Are ye his vicegerents, ye sceptered and crowned, Who rule with the pomp of a state, ' Whom thousands of vassals with splendor surround, And homage receive from the great? Ah nay! the cry passes from door unto door, From the temple whose service He loved, The Savior is found in the ' Priest of the Poor,' His mission is blest and approved. God sends through the lowly the means of his grace, Through hearts that are rich in his love, Whose feelings go out to the whole human race, The worth of the gospel to prove. Pride and power hath narrowed redemption's broad The Church would extinguish its lights, [plan, Its prelates deny the true manhood of man, And would wrest from him heaven-born rights. Low arched are its portals, and dim are the rays That fall on high altar and aisle, Or lume the deep transepts where worship and praise, Resound through the time-honored pile. Shall he be disgraced whom the Lord would uphold ? Who loveth like him to do good, Whose teachings to-day, like the precepts of old By the selfish are not understood. Aa multitudes listened in reverent mood To truths which the Savior declared, Nor went from his presence till comfort and food From his bounteous hand they had shared, So the teachers of men must in sympathy blend With hearts that have one common need, Equality, justice and mercy defend, The cause of the lowliest plead. Then, blessings will follow Religion's pure name, Its ministries truly divine Will kindle anew its bright altar flame, And souls will return to its shrine. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.