A TREATISE ON THEOLOGY. No. 2. F. W. EVANS. 26. But when, under the influence of the angels of the third heaven, the earth had brought forth a woman, who fulfilled the righteousness of the third dispensation, Jesus returned, accompanied by his spiritual parents, the true Christ; and, through their conjoined ministrations, Ana was enabled to '- -make herself ready' for the final marriage, or rather betrothment of the Lamb and Bride. 27. The seventh trumpet had sounded, and 'the mystery of God was finished,' by the revelation of the fourth dispensation itself, and not by the Bible, the mere record of the three preceding generative dispensations, under which, none were children of the kingdom any further than 'by adoption,' being simply under the promise that 'when Jesus should appear, they should see him as he is, and be like him.' 28. The Scripture records may be divided into three parts : First. The abstract truths, or higher law- -as, perfect love to God and man, the moral precepts, etc. Second. The types and symbols, and prophecies of coming events. Third. The statutes and laws of expediency, which were 'not good ;' the lower law, by which they should always 'not live.' 29. This was added because of transgression, and was a descent, or adaptation of truth to the 'hardness of their hearts.' The penalties, sacrifices, washings and carnal ordinances were of this latter class. This additional law comes to an end with all who can say, 'Lo, I come to do thy will, O God.' By which will the original law itself was fulfilled ; and the old heaven and earth will pass away before that law will come to an end. 30. Unless premises, as a basis to reason from, be agreed upon, and some general principles by which to interpret the Scriptures be laid down, I do not see that a oneness can be arrived at. If two men enter into an argument, and quote the Scriptures, should one believe them to be the Word of God- -infallible ; the other, that they are merely the word of man ; their quotations might be as endless as the Jewish genealogies, and equally as unprofitable. 31. I do not perceive why Jesus and his apostles should not, in their teaching, have been confined exclusively to the records of the Jewish church, upon the same principle that we are to be compelled to find all the light, the doctrines, and the complete system of the fourth dispensation in the records of the first Christian church ; and so entirely ignore the revelation of the dispensation itself. But it is undeniable that each preceding dispensation brought forth its own revelations, and formed a Scripture record of them. 32. As Jesus and his apostles stood superior to Moses, saying, Moses said thus and so ; but I say unto you, not so ; so do those who stand in the gift of this second Christian church, possess the same authority over all past dispensations, to correct their errors, and to dispense with their laws of expediency, and to explain their parables and dark sayings. 33. The Scriptures are valuable in their place and order; out of it, they 'kill,' and quench the spirit. 34. Truth is older than the hills. What Jesus uttered was not true because he said it; but, because it was true, he uttered it. 35. Should we not, in reading the Scriptures, seek to know why such and such things are stated by the writers? If we have 'life in ourselves,' the law and principle will be 'in our hearts,' as it was in theirs ; and we shall know the thing whereof we affirm, from that ground ; not from the Scriptures alone. 36. When the apostles teach me respecting the truths of their church and order, I am all respect; but when I come to our own church and order, to me, Jesus Christ alone is authority. I do not look to Paul for a clear understanding of the cherubim, of which he tells us he could 'not speak particularly.' The duality of God, who and what was Christ, his powers, office, order, aud his relation to Jesus, were matters entirely beyond his travail and dispensation. 37. As the time had not arrived for the influx from the resurrection heaven to go forth, except to Jesus, no one else could possibly understand the things pertaining to them. 38. The Holy Spirit that ministered to Mary and the Apostles was from the third heaven only ; how then could they comprehend the distinction between Jesus and the spirit who ministered to him?- -when that spirit would not again be fully revealed to any human being until nearly eighteen hundred years afterwards ; at which time, the mother spirit in Deity, and the pre-existence of Christ and his dual order, would both be declared together, by a suitable and appropriate witness- -a woman. 'For only a part of God, and a part of Christ were facts to the primitive church.' 39. I suppose that, in the early ages, men, by nature- -the things that were made- -knew the order of the godhead ; but sin caused them to become gross, so that they held the truth in unrighteousness, and formed sensual ideas of the great supreme, that was idolatry. To destroy this, it was necessary to take from man a knowledge of the personality and order of God, and a law was passed, or given, through Abraham, prohibiting the formation of any likeness or image, of the Divine Being. They must not, even in their minds, form any image ; nor were they allowed to mention the name of God except under certain restrictions. The children of Israel were thus saved from idolatry, by being kept in ignorance of the dual order of God. 40. In the kingdom of Antichrist, the same result has been attained through the Trinity idea of three males. These have done good service as a cloak to cover the dual order of God, until such tim- -. as men cou'd receive and retain it in purity. 41. As male and female in the natural man, Adam is a type of the duality of the '^quickening spirit,' Christ, so is the pre-existence and duality of Christ, a stepping stone to a proper conception of our eternal heavenly father and mother. 42. It is agreed by all that Messiah and Christ mean the Anointed one ; and that the Jews did receive predictions respecting him, and formed their conceptions of him, according to their natural state. They expected he would be a prophet like unto Moses. 43. Jesus did come and inaugurate the third dispensation, as Abraham had done the second. And as Abraham had been ministered to by the second heaven angels ; so was Jesus ministered to by those of the third heavens ; and under their guardianship he was perfected as a Jew. Now comes the question. How is he (Jesus) 'i Jew, to become the Messiah, the Christ, the Anointed? 44. We, standing in the revelation of the fourth dispensation, answer- -Jesus, having the unction of the fourth or Christ heaven poured upon him without measure, by his guardian Christ Spirit (who anointed him at his baptism by John,) became the Messiah, the Christ (or anointed) to us, as to Abraham his ministering spirit was God. 45. Melchisedek, who met Abraham, and anointed or blessed him, and from whom he received tithes, was a type of the primitive Christ, who anointed Jesus. 46. All those passages of the Scriptures of the second dispensation, that speak so positively of the then ruling spirit being God, the .Almighty, the great I Am, specifying all the characteristics of a primary Creator, are explained by Elder William Leonard, on the general principle that it was a representative spirit; but that Abraham, Moses, etc., did not see the God that was back of aud beyond the God of Israel; but they saw that, to them, he exercised all the authority and possessed all the power of the great Supreme. So that they would have felt quite as much outraged, on being informed that Israel's God was not the primitive God, as the Samaritan woman, or Peter, or the third heaven angels who presided at the birth of Jesus, would have been indignantly surprised at being told that Jesus was not the primitive Divine Christ. 47. It is highly probable that the Christ who anointed Jesus had himself been anointed by others above him. 48. The simple fact, then, as I understand it, is that the first was a god, but not the primitive God, and that Jesus, to us, is the Christ, or the Anointed, which He could not have been had there been no primitive Christ to anoint Him. ' 49. Paul, in the latter day of his travail, declared that 'though he had known Christ (or Jesus) after the flesh, yet now henceforth knew he Him no more' in that way. He began to be more spiritual. And it may be that, long ere this time, Abraham has seen beyond his former god.