The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker. No. 20. Published expressly for the several Communities of Believers in 1816. Re-written by Henry C. Blinn. Exhortations, etc. Mother and the Elders spared no pains to instruct the Believers in the things of God, and in the path of their duty. They were employed, day or night, when occasion offered, in giving counsel and instruction, where it was needed, whether in things temporal or spiritual. In all their labors they were careful to impress upon the people the absolute necessity of perfect obedience, in order that they might profit by their privilege and find justification before God. At Watervliet Mother Ann spoke to an assembly and said; 'Hear ye my words, and understand. It is but a light thing to speak the word to the souls of men, to what it is really to help them. He that helps souls, must have the spirit of Christ to administer to them, and must take their infirmities upon him, and be able to suffer for, and bear with them.' ' Be obedient in all things both spiritual and temporal. If you are faithful you will have strength according to your day. Be free, and not be a stranger. A strange feeling never came from heaven.'! 'Never give offence to any one, nor take offence from any one.' Mother Ann in bidding farewell to a company, said,- -'Go and tell your Brethren these things which you see and hear. The blind receive their sight, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised and the poor have the gospel preached to them, and ble-sed is he whosoever shall not be offended in me.' 'People see and judge according to the state they are in. When their senses are darkened and their minds under the influence of an evil spirit, they see and judge according to the dictates of that evil spirit; but when they are under the influence of the spirit of Christ, then they see and judge according to the truth.' '' If you will take up your crosses against the works of generation and follow Christ in the regeneration, God will cleanse you from all unrighteousness.' 'Be faithful to keep the way of God. If you are faithful you will be guarded by good angels.' ' The head of a wicked man is as full of evil spirits as is a sponge full of water. The head of a good and faithful man is filled with good spirits, and he will be guarded by the Angels of God. They will protect him day by day.' 'Go and testify to the children of this world that Christ is reigning on earth, and that he has sons and daughters. The world know it not because they do not confess their sins to God.' In bidding farewell to the Believers in Littleton, Mass., Mother Ann said, ' We will return to our home in Watervliet, N. Y. We have great sufferings to pass through. We will suffer at our own home and not be burdensome to the Brethren and Sisters of this place.' ' If you should be so persecuted, as to have your houses torn down over your heads, and you cast into the fields, you must not neglect to meet together for the worship of God. We may never meet again, but God has raised up those from your own ranks who are able to guide you in the way of peace and holiness, if you are faithful to obey them.' Mother Ann taught the Believers to kneel and pray. ' The gift of prayer is with the gift of kneeling.' 'You should never be idle. It is ali ways good to kneel in prayer to GoJ and ask for that which you may need. You - - should avoid confusion. Never ask for ! i what you do not want, as that is taking God's name in vain. Be fervent in spirit, and Godwill hear and bless you.' ' Wait on God for the answer ofyour prayer. God has waited many years for you. He will bestow his gifts according to your needs.' ' Brethren and Sisters you are all the interest i have in this world.' Although Mother Ann was a woman of few words, yet her soul was filled with wisdom, and her speaking was a demonstration of that spirit. Many precious words were spoken to the Brethren and Sisters, by Mother Ann and the Elders, which left an indelible impression upon their miuds. God's work upon the earth was not for one day nor for one year, and in answer to a young man who sought advice about the cultivation of fruit, Mother Ann said, 'Yea, plant the plum stones, and do all your work as though you had a thousand years to live on earth, and as you would if you knew you must die tomorrow.' A young woman solicited the privilege to live with Mother Ann, and received this clear and Christian response. 'Live with me, my child. The foxes have holes and the birds of the air have nests, but I have not where to lay my head. Go child, and I will go with you. If you go through the waters, the floods shall not overflow you, and if you go through the fire, it shall not kindle upon you, and if you goto the ends of the earth, I will never leave you nor forsake you.' To one who asked Mother Ann if she felt any promise of God for her, she replied, 'Yea, God's blessing be with you and rest upon you. God's everlasting grace and salvation be unto your soul, if you will obey. Go to your home and about your duties, and 1 will be present with you.'' To a poor man who complained of his rich brother, Mother replied, 'That is the way of the world. The rich are covetous and will not help tha poor, and the poor will envy them for it, therefore they are both wicked. One of the Believers made reference to the faith which he had received, to which Mother Ann replied, 'I own your faith. Faith is the anchor of the soul. It is like an anchor to a ship. An anchor will hold a ship when the winds blow and the waves run high. In like manner faith will keep the soul in trials, temptations and bufFetings. Your spirit shall find a resting place with my spirit.' After Daniel Wood had accepted the faith of the Believers, the Elders said to him, u Daniel your faith is like the faith of John the Baptist. You must go and prepare the way of the Lord. Go preach the gospel to the ends of the earth. Go first to your own family. Let them confess their sins that you may know what is done in your own house. Go and testify your faith to those you call your Brethren and let them accept the word of God.' To one of the young sisters who came to Mother Ann for advice she said, ' Elizabeth, I love you. You shall be my sister. I see the glory of God shine all over you, so great that I cannot discern your body with my natural eyes. You must take good care of your little children and bring them up in the love and fear of God.' One of the sisters remarked that she could not understand the benefit of some of the gifts and operations that she had witnessed. Mother Ann replied, 'You should rather labor for the gift of God in your own soul. Leave such gifts as you do not understand, as they are not for you. Great gifts may be manifested in the Church, and you may love the power of God.' One of the Brethren inquired of Mother Ann why some who were lame or sickly were not healed. Mother answered, ' We can do nothing of ourselves. It is God that heals the sick, and it is God that makes us whole. We cannot do miracles any more than others. All that we can do, is to be workers together with God.' To one of the Sisters Mother Ann said, ' Jesus took up his cross against the spirit of the world, and did the will of his heavenly Father. You must take up your cross and live as he lived. Be not unbelieving, but believe and God will make you able. If you obey God, he will send his holy augels to guard you.' The Elders in their exhortations were anxious for the protection of souls, and labored faithfully to houor their call. ''Treasure up the gifts of God, and they will wake up in your soul when you need them. Labor to feel the life of God and to make his work, your work and his way, your way. Let it be your inheritance, your treasure, your occupation, your daily calling. Do not fight human beings, you will spoil them. Fight the evil spirit. Fight that spirit that leads mankind into sin.' Elizabeth C . . . . became a faithful young sister, and often visited the society at Watervliet, N. Y., to see the Brethren and Sisters. She was very anxious to live with Mother Ann, but the gift was for her to return to her own home. ' They need you,' said Mother. Elizabeth prayed to be retained, ' They need your help,' said Mother, 'The wicked people are all about them, and it is your duty to go to the family. Go and hold a testimony of light before the wicked and God will be with you. You must not be discouraged, for I see your mission in heaven, and your soul will be released. Go in peace and take my love. You can do more good there, than you can with me.' On reaching home Elizabeth retained the gift and fearlessly spoke the testimony of the work of Christ.