Esteemed friend, Louis Basting: Gladly would I write to you... Vienna, Austria, June, 1887. Esteemed Friend, Louis Basting :- - Gladly would I write to you in the English language, but you must still have some patience. I understand your writing quite well, and I beg you to continue to address me in English; by that means 1 shall learn in two respects and my gratitude shall be two-fold. I sincerely thank you for your kind words ; they have given me much joy. Gladly do I discern from them that my being, feelings and thoughts are not incomprehensible to you. And since you understand me, I indulge the hope that when I arrive at your honored community and feel the elevating influences of the brotherhood and sisterhood, what is imperfect in me will become perfect, and I shall experience the happiness of being one with you and yours in heart and mind. Be assured that I am possessed of a deep earnestness for the cause and that I consider it my 'life's labor' to devote my feelings and emotions to the practical work it demands. When I come to you I expect to find friends and counselors to assist me in that endeavor. You are quite right when you say that saintship may be acquired in the Catholic church, but that the masses are far removed from it and are likely to remain so. This deplorable state is partly caused by the spirit and example of the teachers, partly by the institutions of human society, which appear to be hostile to all unselfish, spiritual aspirations. The leaders at Rome are so much engaged in politics and the asserti; n of claims to temporal power, that the practical realization of the doctrine and life of Christ are overlooked, and their words and formal ceremonies remain without effect. The office and calling of our priests is not a God-given profession, but an acquired, learned trade. No wonder that there is so little of inspiration, love and grace, and that both priests and people are lacking the elements of the truly moral and Christian life. Oh, all that I feel with you and am deeply pained that it is so. Could I but haVe found one place or order among all the many so-called Christians, where the example of the Savior really lives, I should have acknowledged it with joy, sought it out and imitated it. But it does not exist among these Christians. But now blooms the only home of genuine, resurrected, ancient Christian- ity in far-away America, among the Shakers ! But I believe that it will again possess the heart of the world, for life is ever and ever breaking away from the old, decaying world and pushing into a new land, the cradle of future histories. There dwell the Shakers in a new valley of the rejuvenated, sacred Jordan river, overshadowed by the new Mount Lebanon ; there, like John, the fore-runner of our Lord and Savior, to teach, baptize and cleanse- -a living example to future generations. It is an exalted vocation to fulfil; it is everyone's duty who is seeking to know and follow Christ, to unite with them and be a pillar and support to sustain that beautiful communion that it may continue from age to age above the falling nations and peoples, victoriously, unchangeably faithful to preserve the kingdom of God on earth for those who are hungering and thirsting after righteousness. 0 blessed communion of souls ! Why should not the blessing of God, and peace and happiness, be in the hearts of those whose life-work is to do deeds of love to each other? Do not blame me, dear friend, if I give way to my feelings, but I believe to be upon the right road even if I cannot find the right word. 1 fully acknowledge the obligation of celibacy, and of obedience and subjection to the counsel of Elders ; a Christian community cannot exist without these fundamental principles. I see that and I admire the discernment of those wise men, and especially of that enlightened woman, who were the founders of that system. Is not the very first principle of the genuine, Christian doctrine found in the words of the Redeemer; 'If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven, and come and follow me.' Therefore is voluntary poverty, humility and cross-bearing included in the invitation of Christ. That he who lays down his own sensual life and denies himself of all worldly lusts, for Christ's sake, seeking for better things, will no longer desire to return to the worldly life and run anew the road of suffering, and can in this world already bring his soul to God without division or partition is certain ; and the result of all is chastity and unselfishness in celibacy. Therefore let my life prove what my heart knows and feels. To do that work requires strength, charity, patience and above all, the grace of God. I am sincerely yours, J. S.