OUR ENEMY. Not long since I was looking at a little book containing some of the sayings of a good old man, who is called a saint by the church of which he was a bright and shining light, and amorm other good words which I read there were those : ' there is no worse enemy nor one more troublesome to the soul than thou art thyself, if thou be not in harmony with the spirit.' Can it be denied but what the good old man wrote an indisputable truth when he penned those words? What worse enemy can any human being have than one's self if not in harmony with the spirit of good, of love, of purity, of the Christ spirit which embodies all that there is of good? What is it that makes the wretchedness, the sorrow, the sin of this life but that we are not in harmony with this spirit which is 'first pure, then peaceable,' and which gives all good to those who cease to repel it and become harmonious with it. If a man or a woman desires or hopes to be a conqueror of that enemy how is the victory to be obtained? Is it not by ''turning the sword within,' and slaying the worldly, carnal nature which is always watchful, always alert, never resting, never sleeping, but always ready to use any means to acheive a triumph over the better part the diviner portion of our nature? We must 'turn the battle to the gate,' we must be always on guard with our equipments ready, our weapons of spiritual warfare in good order and thus be realy to defeat and- crush the foe who is striving to overcome us. We must as the good apostle said 'take unto us the whole armor of God.' And how can we best 276 THE MANIFESTO. fight this battle and have the assurance that we shall win the victory ? Is it not by being busy in good works, by being ever constant in that best and loudest of all preaching, practice, so that 'others seeing our good works may glorify our Father ;' by living upright, loving, pure lives, in short the Christ life ; for that is the way to glorify our Father. Shall we not be in harmony with the spirit if we adopt and live up to that best of all teachings as promulgated by him whom we claim to have been the first and best of Shakers, to '-love the Lord thy God with all thy heart and mind and strength and thy neighbor as thyself.' If we do this, if conscientiously and faithfully we strive to be true to duty and to 'do unto others as we would that they should do unto us' we surely shall come off conquerors. 'There's a battle to be fought Between the soul and sin ;' a battle in which we require all the spiritual strength which we can attain unto ; and let us fight it bravely, trustingly, steadily; never resting, never laying aside our armor till we are sure we have won the victory ; till we can truly say ' I have fought the good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faitL. We shall assuredly know when that glorious time has come, there will be no uncertainty then, for the 'still, small voice' within which we call conscience, but which is the voice of God will surely say to the victor 'well done, good and faithful one.' 'A.' Canterbury, N. H.