GOOD WILL TO MAN. It is with feelings of gratitude that we find ourselves penning these lines for the Dec. Manifesto. The twelve months that have been given to fill out the full year, with buds and flowers and fruitage will soon have passed peacefully into the land of shades. Each season has borne precious treasures for the good of mankind and in these seasons we have shared abundantly the many gifts that came from the hand of our Heavenly Father, and Mother,- -God. New interests will now be developed, new life demanded and an earnest, prayerful attention to the needs of humanity, our work of gospel love. It was in the beautiful spirit of this same love element that Jesus impressed this truth upon his disciples. God maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust. We marvel at this great condescension of our God, as it is in striking contrast with the selfishness that is in man, where the strong dominate over the weak, and where the rich live in luxury at the expense of the poor. However, fair or faulty we may have presented ourselves before God or man, we have been privileged to gather in vessels of our own preparing, and through God's infinite love, preserve those gifts which have held us to some extent, under the care and protection of an over-ruling Providence. Although 'we may not have whereof to boast,' we have seen the light of God's truth and heard the voice of the messengers of love, the gospel testimony of Jesus Christ. It has whispered this unerring test to our souls.- -'All that a man hath, yea and his own life also,' must be given to secure the promised reward. Volumes of nicely adjusted theology, or tomes of speculative Christianity may be beautifully written, but their value would be as the value of dust, when righteousness or a pure heart was demanded. The wants of humanity are such that there is no time to waste in non-essential speculation. We must work while the day lasts, for the night will certainly overtake us, in which no man can work. That we have been sheltered from over whelming calamities a,nd are still spared to enjoy the immunities of life, - -That we have been blessed with the fruitage of honest labor, and can say with the apostle, 'We owe no man anything, but to love one another; for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law.' We find in these subjects many good gifts over which we may rejoice with thanksgiving and praise. On every hand the goodness of God is seen in its unfolding beauty, fully and freely TERMS proffered to the willing heart and to the obedient mind. The time has been when men accredited themselves with rights to divine favor as special privileges for something which they may have said or done. This assumption has paved the way for countless forms of cruel persecution, to be inflicted upon the less powerful class. Whatever may have been brought down through the ages, by legendary lore, or retained by any form of tradition, we rest assured that the laws which G-od has establi shed in his wisdom, will act, harmoniously, irrespective of ' names or sects or parties.' Divine love can be no respecter of persons, only so far as they work iu harmony with the law of right. Hearts that are unclean cannot be wholly suitable for the preservation of divine gifts, and interests that are divided between righteousness and selfishness can never secure peace or prosperity to the individual. Increasing with the light that has come into the world, we shall see in all clearness the manifestations of God's work. Every year, month and day presents to us some unfoldment of spirit power, some demonstration of God's love to man, and some duty where the cross and the crown can bring victory for right and make on earth a paradise of God.