A TREATISE ON THEOLOGY. No. 3. F. W. EVANS. 50. 'The angels (of the fourth heaven) are the reapers,' who are to go forth at the 'end of the world.' One of them visited Jesus. But in the second appearing, there would be a general influx of those holy reaping angels, to cut men from the earth, and to administer the resurrection power. 'But unto the angals (of the first, second and third heavens) hath he not put in subjection the world whereof we speak'- -the Christ world? On the contrary, the children of the resurrection would 'judge angels,' that is, the generative angels, by preaching to them the things pertaining to the Gospel; which things even 'the angels desire to look iuto.' 51. Jesus is made so much 'better than the angels,' that they came at his birth and 'worshiped' him. These could not have been of the same order of angels as those who came and ministered unto him. It appears to me that they t&gt;re the angels who will minister the work of judgment and conviction in the coming religious revivals ; and therefore there will then be something more radical- -a testimony against all 'fleshly lusts, which war against the soul.' 52. Jesus alluded to these pure angels, when he said : ' Hereafter ye shall see the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of Man'- - upon those who should 'stand with the Lamb on Mount Zion,' in virgin purity. 53. Of John the Baptist, Jesus said : 'If ye will receive it, this is Elias that was to come.' Elias lived under the second dispensation ; but, as a prophet, he was inspired by angels from the third heaven ; the same ministered unto John. 54. Ann, as had been Jesus, was ministered to by angels from the fourth Leaven ; being their first and second appearing upon earth. 55. Do any of us believe that John the Baptist was Elias? Not at all. Now, when we put the man Jesus for the spirit of Christ, who inspired him, and yet deny that John was really either Elias, or the spirit who inspired him, notwithstanding the plainest declaration of Jesus himself that John was Elias, do we not 'strain at the gnat and swallow the camel' at one gulp ? 56. When Peter says of Jesus, 'Thou art the Christ,' it is by some deemed conclusive that the man Jesus is the very Christ. But when this same Christ tells Peter that he will build his church upon him, we are coolly informed that Jesus did not mean the man Peter, but that spirit which inspired him ; as in the instance where he calls Peter, Satan ; he did not mean that for Peter, but for the evil spirit. 57. But, good friends, I think that if Peter did imagine that Jesus was the primitive Christ, he was as much mistaken as were those who thought John was Elias ; or that Peter was to be (as the Roman Catholic church holds) the foundation of the Christian church. 58. I have no objection to the Apostles, and all those of past dispensations, calling Jesus the Christ, for so he was to them. But I deny that they are any more the rightful teachers and instructors of the second Christian church, than were the disciples of Moses their rightful teachers and instructors. 59. 1 earnestly contend for the revelation and gift of our own church and dispensation, as being more worthy of our confidence than are all the Bibles and books in existence. Yea, more than that, I claim that the truths of the present revelation are far better sustained by Scripture records, than are any errors which we may have imbibed. 60. Antichristian enslavement and subordinatiou to the ''letter,' kills and creates discrepancies aud contrariety of sentiment on doctrinal matters. 61 j It cannot be expected that, as a people, we have had sufficient time to travel entirely away from Bibles and creeds aud commentaries, and the opposite extreme, infidelism. But I believe that, ere long, another degree of the Gospel will open ; and that a fire will be kindled in Zion and a furnace in Jerusalem, that will consume error, and cause the watchmen to 'see eye to eye.' 62. The debris of the past degree obstructs and prevents new openings of Gospel truth, which ministering spirits are laden with. They are waiting for au entrance into the hearts of the children of the Most High. What can they do without, until those within are imbued with the truths they are commissioned to dispense? 63. But, to return from this dreaming, it surprises me to see writings that were addressed to the poor Gentiles, who had to be fed with milk, because they could not bear meat (the truth,) quoted as infallible authority upou doctrinal matters pertaining to the Millennial church. 64. The foundation of anti-Christ is the letter- -the record. Jesus Christ was the true church. The apostles were the foundation of the Jewish Christian church; Peter, of the Gentile Christian church; Constantine, of the Roman Catholic church; Luther and Calvin, of the Protestant churches. Kach of them one degree below the other ; till we come down to the largely adulterated Christianity of the Chinese rebels. 65. The foundation of the Christian church, in Jesus, and also in Ann, was Christ revealed in them ; a living revelation, that opened an entrance, and gave access to the resurrection heaven, from whence the reaping angels descend and ascend continually upon its true members. 66. The Apostle Paul, writing to the Eptiesians, speaks to them on this wise : 'Ye have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God, which is given me to you- -ward; how that, by revelation (not by the Scriptures) he made known unto me the mystery * * which in other ages was not made known umo the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy Apostles and Prophets by his spirit.' 67. Paul further says: 'We speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom which God ordained before the Avorld, unto our glory.' Again: 'Eye hath not' (hitherto) 'seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him. But God hath revealed them unto us by his spirit; for the spirit searcheth all things, yea, even the deep things of God.' Mi. Lebanon, N. Y.