EXHORTATIONS OF IGNATIUS, BISHOP OF ANTIOCH. [Contributed by Elder G. B. Avery.] Ignatius was martyred at Rome, by being thrown to the wild beasts in the Roman Amphitheatre, in the year 107. While on his way from Smyrna to Rome, to be martyred, he wrote the following Exhortations. These papers were found and first publised by Arch Bishop Usher from two old manuscripts, their first publication was in the year 1647.- - - Exhortations of Ignatius to the Christian Church at Ephesus. 'Neglect not assemblies for thanksgiving and prayer; for, when you assiduously attend on these things the powers of Satan are demolished, and his pernicious kingdom is dissolved by the unamity of your faith.- -Remember me, as Jesus Christ also does you.- -Pray for the Church in Syria, whence I am led, bound, to Rome. Lay aside the old bitter leaven and be transformed into a new leaven, which is of Christ; therefore, being his disciples, let us learn to live according to Christianity. Be studious of that best of all blessings- -unity !' IGNATIFS LETTER TO POLYCAKP''I Exhort thee by the grace with which thou art clothed to apply thyself to the course of duty, and to admonish all, that they may all be saved.- -Do justice to thy station with all diligence, both temporal and spiritual.- -Be studious of that best of all blessings,- -unity. Bear with all, as, also, the Lord with thee.- -Bear with all in charity, as indeed thou dost.- -Find time for prayer, without ceasing. Ask for more understanding than thou hast at present; Watch, and possess a spirit ever attentive.- -Speak to each separately, as Almighty God shall enable thee to do.- -Bear with the diseases of all as a perfect combatant.- -The more labor, the more reward. If thou love only the obedient disciples, thou evinceth no grace. Rather bring into orderly subjection the turbulent, through meekness. Every wound is not cured by the same method of application.- -Watch as a divine wrestler ; thy theme is eternal life, and immortaliLet not those who seem as experienced Christians, and are yet unsound in the faith stagger thee : stand firm as an anvil continually struck.- -It is the character of a great wrestler to be mangled, and yet to conquer. Be more studious than thou art; Consider the times, and expect Him who is above all time, who is unconnected with time, the Invisible One, made visible for us :- -the impassable, but passable for us, who bore all sorts of sufferings for us.- - Let not widows be neglectad ; Next to the Lord, do thou take care of them. Let nothing be done without thy cognisance.- -Do thou nothing without the mind of God.- -Let assemblies be more frequently held, seek out all by name. * * * * If any can remain in chastity, for the honor of the Lord, let them do so without boasting ; if they boast, they are lost! And, if the man set himself above the Bishop, he is lost.'