FRlENDLY NOTICE. The other day I, [Editor of the Albany Argus,]met Elder Frederick W. Evans, of the Shaker Community at Mount Lebanon, He seemed to have been benefited by his. English trip, concerning the results of which he waxed most eloquent. The Argus published an account of his reception meeting, with the addresses of Dr. Peebles and the Elder giving a report of their mission. Naturally this was largely concerned with the doings of these preachers, but the result of their earnest words is only now becoming manifest. From letters and papers received from the other side, it is seen that they made lasting impressions, and that their arguments have been discussed and pondered, to the effect of making more converts. The Elder said to me : ' We brought over a few with us, and left a goodly number preparing to come as soon as they can settle business affairs. But what I hope to see is the Shaker order established in England. There is where it properly belongs. The governmental upheaval is the indication that the time has come tp abolish church and state.' Owing to our proximity to their leading settlement, Albanians have always been, familiar with the tenets of their ordei. We cannot quite realize how striking these ideas must seem when promulgated to those in other lands. Not a few of the great intellects have been strangely interested in, and drawn to the Shaker faith. Twenty years ago Hepworth Dixon wrote: 'The people are like their village, soft in speech, demure in bearing, gentle in face, a people seeming to be at peace not only with themselves, but with nature and with heaven.' And again : 'After spending a few days among them, seeing them at their meals and at their prayers, in their private amusements and in their household work, I found myself thinking that if any chance were to throw me down, and I were sick in spirit, broken in health, there would be few female faces next after my own wife and kin that would be pleasanter to see about my bed. Life appears to move on in Mount Lebanon in an easy kind of rhythm; order, temperance, frugality, worship, every one seems busy, every one tranquil.' Still further he adds: 'Measured against the millions of Christian people in the United States, six or seven thousand Shakers may appear of small account ; and this would be truth if strength of spiritual and moral forces could be told in figures, but one man with ideas may be worth a parliament or army.' The full force of such a tribute will be understood when it is remembered that these virtues are not predicted of individuals, but of a sect. Could equal tribute be paid to Christians, as a body? The Albany Argus.