Beloved elder Henry, I copy the following... Editor of Manifesto. Beloved Elder Henry ;- -I copy the following from letter of a correspondent, in Sacramento, Cal., I. H. Burbank. Dear Cousin ;- -The reading matter you have sent me has been very interesting to me and also to our cousin, Clara B. who recently visited me from Oakland, Cal. She enjoyed much satisfaction in reading the Manifestos, as she never before could learn much about your people, and has always desired to. I have still all the numbers you have sent me and of late they have given a better insight of the gospel doctrines of your people, or Community, than formerly, i think. And again, C. C. Lerned, of Hopkinton, N. H. writes me thus, My Dear Friend ;- -In answer to your inquiry regarding those Monthly magazines I would say, that we take great pleasure in reading their pages, also in mailing them to friends south and west, many of these persons being interested in the origin and progress of your religious organizations. At any time convenient, we will be pleased to receive The Manifesto. And I would add my own testimony of approval of matter and manner of arrangement in the pages of The Manifesto. The subjects, in general, being treated in a clear and comprehensive style so that any ordinary mind can readily read and understand their import. The serial, of The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker, is opportune in its publication, and will no doubt lead to a clearer understanding of the object and aims of our religious institutions, from the commencement, than could otherwise be obtained. The Trumpet of Truth gives no uncertain sound, that reverberates through the columns of The Manifesto. And may it continue to sound till it thrill the soul of humanity to a realization of the necessity of more fully observing, God given physical laws, and the unfolding of psychological powers, to the salvation of body and soul from sin, and the noisome pestilence that stalks through the universe unimpeded. Harriet Hastings.