The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker. No. 21. Published expressly for the several Communities of Believers in 1816. Re-written by Henry C. Blinn. The Elders return to Harvard. On the 30th of April 1783, Mother Ann and the Elders left Ashfield, and passing through Petersham, tarried there one night. The next day they reached Harvard. They visited the Believers in that vicinity, and in the neighboring towns. Destined as they were to suffer persecution, they were soon called to prepare for a new and trying scene. Mother Ann was warned, in vision, several days before the event, which took place on the first of June. The Elders, at this time, were at the house of Jeremiah Willard. Elder James Whittaker made the remark, 'There will be a great persecution, for I have seen the figure of a persecuting man.' The circumstances which gave rise to this affliction were as follows ;- -Sarah Turner had married a deaf man by the name of Jude Carter. Sarah having gained a love for the Believers, was anxious to live their manber of life and her husband appeared to be equally interested. Jude had a fancy for silver buckles on his shoes and also for silver knee buckles, but Sarah urged him to sell them and to buy something that would be of more use in the family. He replied, by signs, that other people wore silver buckles and it could be no harm for him to wear them. The next day they went to the city of Boston, where he sold his buckles. Oti their return she prevailed on him to have his hair cut, he consented to have it cut, as she directed, which was accordingly done. Jude seemed quite well pleased with his new friends, for a few hours, but suddenly becoming offended, he left the place without even giving his wife the knowledge of his departure. So soon as she learned what he had done, she returned to her home, accompanied by some of the Brethren and Sisters. In passing through the village of Harvard, Jude made a grevious complaint, by signs, that the Shakers had robbed him of his silver buckles, cut off his hair and taken away his wife. This furnished sufficient foundation for those who were watching for an occasion to persecute the Believers without 266 THE MANIFESTO. inquiring into the true state of the case. Secret measures were taken to raise a mob, of which the Shakers had no knowledge till the people appeared in mob array at Elijah Wilds, in Shirley, on Sabbath evening, June 1, 1783. They guarded every door a^d window, and no person was permitted to go in or out. The Believers were engaged in religious service, but retired from the room, ho soon as they learned of the presence of the mob. The leaders of this lawless company were Phineas Farnsworth, James Pollard. Elisha Folium and Asa Houghton. With them were a company of base characters from the towns of Harvard, Roxbury and Bolton. Like the men of Sodom they attempted to enter the house by pressing hard against the door. This, the Brethren on the inside prevented. David Meacham was in an adjoining building. Seeing the mob he attempted to force his way through the crowd and enter the main dwelling but was unable, lie then attempted to reason with the mob on the impropriety and unlawfulness of such proceedings, and inquired the cause of their coming in such a manner. He urge I, in his remarks, the testimony of truth, the liberty of conscience and the duty of Christians. A large number of persons gathered around him and gave good attention to what was said, which soon caused a disunion among themselves. The leaders nf the mob on seeing the effect of David's lecture, took hold of him with violence and thrust him into the house with this remark.- -'You shall not preach any more to the people.' Although the mob had ordered that no one should leave the house, they permitted one of the Believers to return to her home to take charge of her infant. After attending to this duty, and opportunity offering, she sent word to the officers of the town, of the lawless mob that was gathered at the house of Elijah Wilds in Shirley. The mob continued at the place all night, with much railing and unbecoming behavior; but committed no personal injury till the next morning. At an early hour the leaders demanded that Mother Ann and the Elders should come out. This they refused to do, but consented that four persons might come in. Four accordingly entered the house. They were soon invited to breakfast which invitation they quite readily accepted. Elijah Wilds, by advice of Mother Av::,, carried brea 1 and cheese to the mob, and many of them very readily accepted it. Elder James Whittaker who was anxious to appeal to their better feelings said, 'I must go and speak the word of the Lord to this large company of meu.' He went from the house, accompanied by some of the Brethren aud spoke to them as follows ; 'Why have you come here in such numbers? What have we done? Have we hurt or injured your persons or property? If we have, make us sensible of it aud we will make you due satisfaction.'' At these words the mob broke into a rage and seized Elder James by the collar. The Brethren instantly stepped forth to rescue him from their merciless hands. In the struggle he cried out,- - 'Father, Lord of heaven and earth, forgive them, O forgive them for they know not what they do.' Thomas Buckmour the Grand Jury- THE MANIFESTO. 267 man of the town aud James Parker a Justice of peace arrived at this time and immediately commanded the mob to desist from troubling the Shakers. For a very brief time only the word from the officers quieted ihis lawless company. The mob still continued to increase and it was not till after several hours of contest with the Believers and the peace officers, that the leaders of the crowd consented to give up their unlawful demands, upon the following conditions. 'Tf the two Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker will go with us to Harvard, we will leave your Mother Ann, and withdraw in a peaceable manner. 'We promise, upon our honor, to treat the Elders with kindness and civility and they shall not be hurt.' Upon these conditions the Elders consented to go with them. David Meacham, Calvin Harlovv aud several other Brethren accompanied the Elders. On entering the town of Harvard, the mob manifested a renewed degree of temper and commanded that all the Shakers, except the two Elders should return to Shirley. David Meacham aud Calvin Harlow did not choose to obey this tyrannical order and refused to return. The mob immediately seized the horses, upon which the Brethren rode, and would not allow them to advance. Calvin and David leaped from their horses, and forced their way through the lawless crowd, and hastened on to meet the Elders, who had called at the house of Jeremiah Willard. A faint hope had occupied the minds of the Believers, thxt in the house of an honorable and respected citizen they would be comparatively safe from all harm. In this, however, they were again, to be sadly disappointed. Regardless of the order, by the owner of the residence, not to enter his house, and irrespective of the laws of civil society the mob broke into the house and inhumanly dragged Jeremiah from it, by his feet. They then went through the building as only infuriated beings could go, aud seized the Elders, forced them violently into the street, and to the place where the main body of the mob were stationed. Plans were now laid for the execution of their premeditated designs, and the speaker announced ;- -'James Whittaker and William Lee shall be tied to a tree, and be whipped !' David Meacham and Calvin Harlow were then seized and thrown upon the ground and held fast by ruffianly hands till the barbarous deed was accomplished. Elder James was divested of his clothing, to his waist, and tied to a tree, when Isaac Whitney, with sticks, that had been cut for this special purpose, began the cruel work of scourging an innocent and God fearing man. As the number of strokes had not been limited, the fearful, lacerating work continued till the flesh was bruised to a jelly, and his back a gore of blood. Satisfied with their own savagery, they untied the good Elder, and allowed him to go. Still furious in their evil work, they seized Elder William Lee intending to have him subjected to the same form of cruel treatment. Elder William asked the privilege to receive, what his persecutors chose to inflict, while on his knees, and the whippers began as in the former case. Elder James, already so cruelly beaten, placed himself so as to shield 268 THE MANIFESTO. Elder William from the strokes. Several others followed this genuine Christian example, and among the number was a woman of God, Bethiah Willard. At this display of self-sacrifice, the rage of the persecutors increased and the Believers were inhumanly beaten without regard to age or sex. Bethiah carried the wounds inflicted at that time on her head and face till the day of her death. Evidently frightened at their own abusive treatment, of these innocent people, the mob began to disperse and soon left the suffering objects of their cruelty, to take care of themselves. After these persecuting Christians had left the Believers, Elder James broke forth in the ministration of a new song, and all kneeled in prayer. The company then went to the residence of Jeremiah Willard, and received the best of (are. The Elders and the two Brethren who came from Shirley soon took their horses, and returned to report to other dear friends, the severe persecution through which they had passed. Elder James iu speaking to the Brethren and Sisters, said, ki 1 have been abused ; and it is not for any wrong that I have done to them. It is for the gospel's sake. I have nothing against them for what they have done to me. They were ignorant and knew not what manner of spirit governed them.' All the Believers then kneeled in prayer to God, that he would forgive their bloody persecutors, - -' Father forgive them for they know not what they do.' 'This' taid Mother Ann, 'is the life of the gospel, and we should be thankful that we are counted worthy to suffer persecution for Christ's sake.' It was subsequently learned that no one in the mob was a resident of the town of Shirley. Many of the citizens were displeased with the transactions.