LIFE IN CHRIST. ABRAHAM PERKINS. What is to be done to inherit eternal life? What is to be done to be saved? This is a problem of the greatest importance, commanding man's highest interest and his best and fullest powers to solve. The question is simple in its nature, and its solution easily found, setting aside self, the ruling passion of the heart. Honest living is the answer which embraces all the duties of life, physical, moral and spiritual. As the sparks fly upwards, so is man prone to evil. Whoever knows his own heart, knows it to be selfish ; knows that his inclinations tend largely to the indulgence of the animal part of his creation ; knows that his proclivities lead to corruption. Consequently, he can but. realize that Self is the judgment seat for consultation and representation, and the tribunal for decision, and therefore the God of this world, whose mischiefs are cropping out in a multitude of ways. Our manners, our habits, our conver sation and acts are witnesses of our life and character, and demonstrate our positive leauiug, whether towards that which ennobles and elevates, or to that which is low, degrading and groveling. To the young who are emerging from childhood to manhood, the period of their existence iu which habits of life are generally formed and character almost universally established, allow me to say,- -if you would respect yourselves and command the respect and confidence of others, if you would honor yourselves and truly honor society, you must live and be governed by principle ; thus, in your life, you will give the evidence THE MANIFESTO. 269 of honesty of purpose. A life governed by the law of Moses leads directly to Christian conditions, spiritual life and resurrection. That law is a schoolmaster to briug us to Christ. The true Israelite in his life, unmistakably typifies Christian character and life; and the ordinances and principles of that law show precisely what is to be practiced in the resurrection order. Witness the order of the priesthood and confessional of the Mosaic dispensation. The priests ministered at the altar and were the expounders and teachers of the law. They were the mediators between the people and Almighty God. They siood before them as God, as the Scriptures declare, and to them made their confessions as unto God, and also how confession was to be made ; as in the case of Achan, when Joshua bid him 'Give glory unto the Lord God of Israel, and make confession unto him, and tell me (Joshua) what thou hast done ; hide it not from me.' Josh, vii., 19. The antitype, Christ Jesus, who commissioned and gave power to the Apostles to loose and bind, that is, to remit or retain, justify or condemn, authorized this same power to be transmitted to their successors in that order. 'Many came and confessed and showed their deeds' before a human witness in the gospel dispensation just as Achan did under the law. We learu the order of instruction in the law of Christ in the case of Cornelius, of Cesarea. Acts x., 5, 6 ; also Romans x., 10. ' W^ith the mouth confession is made unto salvation.' The testimony of John the Baptist, was repentance unto the remission of sin by confession ; and Jesus taught repentance and belief in his gospel. Mark, i., 15. Hence if the church of Christ is the light of the world, if there we are to find our union and fellowship with saints, and our relation to God, let us give place to reason and learu the lessons of redemption from 1he teachiugs of Jesus in and through the order of his appointment. He who hath a heart to feel, ears to hear, eyes to see and conviction that commands obedience, let him manifest the principles of truth and honesty, come out from the world and follow Christ, supporting as he did the honest, virgin character. Enfield, N. H.