J. S. Dear friend and brother; How glad I was to receive... Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., Aug. 1887. J. S. Dear Friend and Brother;- - How glad I was to receive your lette', I cannot express. Surely, the angels of God must have been with you that you can so clearly comprehend the necessary requirements for living the higlier life, as well as to be able to see the beauty and glory resulting there from. Only one word of caution might be useful, and even that your just conception may have anticipated. But since you compare the mission of Believers to that of John the Baptist, allow me to continue the figure still further. Jesus said, concerning John, ;' What went you out for to see ? A man dressed in rich garments ? He is a prophet and more than a prophet. Among them born of woman none is greater than he, THE MANIFESTO. 2 To but the least in the kingdom of heaven (who is born of the spirit) is greater than John.' John was a child of poverty, whose home was the desert, whose clothing and food were of the rudest and coars-i est kiud ; but he presented great truths. Neither are Believers a people of wealth and opulence, possessing the luxuries and refinements of modern life. They are a plain, simple people, having comfortable homes and thj needful things of life. Nor are they perfect in all respects concerning spiritual and moral things. H'&gt;w can they be? Since, when we come from the world, however good our intentions may be, we have clinging to us habits, customs, modes of thought, the effects of wrong education, and many other things that are incompatible with the higher life, but that cannot be dropped and overcome at once. Hence the Savior likened the kingdom of heaven on earth to the growing corn, requiring time and the concurrence of proper conditions before maturity is re'ached. I hope I am making myself understood. While you are building houses in the great city of Vienna we are endeavoring to raise a glorious temple under the guidance of the Master Architect who will ''lay judgmeut to the line and righteousness to the plummet.' The foundations are laid broad and deep and strong enough to withstand the shock of ages and the corroding tooth of time. But the superstructure is not finished ; more laborers are needed. Accept the love and best wishes of Your friend and brother, Louis Basting.