Books and Papers. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Hall's Journal of Health Alden's Manifold Cyclopedia R.P. Journal Social Ethics The Truth The Phrenological Journal and Science or Health. Contents : Nov. Pundita Ramabai; Metaphysics or Phrenology,'- - Which? Some Notable Characters of the Day; Mesmerism Forty years ago; The Wealth of Southern Pines; The Human Organization and Religion; Going to John; A Girl's Problem ; Comic Side of Animal Life; Julius Caspar's Temperament; Health Experience of an aged Man; Pulmonary Consumption; Patent Medicines, etc., etc. Fowler &amp; We Is Co. 775 Broadway, N. Y. $2. a year. Hall's Journal of Health. Nov. Contents; A Remarkable Verification ; Shakers and Shakerism ; Cancer; What Every Girl Ought to Learn; Electrical Mechanism; Use of Toilet Soap; Forewarning; Mind Cure; The Olive Tree; The Seybert Commission, etc., etc. Office 206 Broadway, N. Y. $1. per year. 'h Manifold Cyclopedia. Volume I. of this work, now on our table, abundantly fulfills the promises of the publisher's prospectus. It is a really handsome volume of 640 pages, half Morocco binding, large type, profusely illustrated, and yet sold for the price of 65 cents; cloth binding only 50 cent*- -postage 11 cents extra. Large discounts even from these prices are allowed to early subscribers. It is to be issued in about thirty volumes. The Manifold Cyclopedia is, in many ways, unlike any other Cyclopedia. It undertakes to present a BUrvey of the entire circle of knowledge, whether of WORDS or of THINGS, thus combining the characteristics of a Cyclopedia and a Dictionary, including in its vocabulary every word which has any claim to a place in the English language. Its form of publication is as unique as its plan- -the 'Ideal Edition ' its publisher calls it, and the popular verdict seem-; to sustain his claim. It certainly is delightfully convenient. It will not be strange if this proves to be the great popular cyclopedia. It certainly is worthy of examination by all searchers after knowledge. The publisher sends specimen pages free to any applicant. John B. Alden, Publisher, 393 Pearl St., New York, or Lakeside Building, Chicago. There is no subject that has a firmer hold upon the mind than that which teaches of a life beyond the boundary of time. Whether intuitive or brought out by education, it has an influence upon the race of mankind that has come to stay. Simple minded and unprincipled characters have also presented their side of this wonderful work, and their followers are 'a multitude.' With all these conflicting views it is refreshing to find a paper, like the R. P. Journal, that cuts a straight path through the whole, and carefully and correctly informs its many readers how the religious world moves. Published by John C. Bundy. No. 92 La Salle St. Chicago, 111. $2.50 a year. Social Ethics. This is the title of a pamphlet containing the addresses o C. H. Kitchell, E. H. Benn and Wm. M. McLaury, M. D. on the subject of Social Evil. They were read before the Society of Medical Jurisprudence, at the Academy of Medicine, in the cdtv of New York. It is, indeed, pleasant to know that the warning voices of good men may be heard, from time to time urging the necessity of a more careful observance of (iod's laws. The sad and often fearful penalties that are brought upon man through ignorance of his own being, or through willful transgression, makes the journey of this life one of sorrow instead of happiness. Dr. McLaury and the other writers deal with the subject like officers who are contending against an almost overwhelming foe, and the struggle must terminate in victory or death. The addresses- are well worthy of a careful perusal by all who are interested in the growth of right over wrong. Truth, a magazine of Christian Science. This is a new work. Vol. I., No. I. Edited by Mary H. Plunkett. A few words from the Editors introduction may show what is intended. ' We desire to m ke practical the prophetic announcement that has come down all the ages.' ' Know the Truth and the Truth shall make you free.1 'We desire you to know that you are no longer under the bondage of sickness, sin and death- -that sickness, sin and death are but symbols in the moving law of negation : and that in the white light of Science they will entirely disappear from human consciousness,' We wish the best of success to every class who are the ministers of kind words to those in sorrow, or who are able to heal the sick of their infirmaties. Published by Truth Publishing Co., Chicago, 111.