ADVICE TO THE YOUNG. No. 2. HARRIET SHEPARD. Speaking of a young friend, the philanthropic Howard said, uShe taught me to forget myself and live for my neighbor.' Her frequent visits to the needy were benevolent, but the result was illimitable and perpetual. When Henry Martin was entreated by all the eagerness and tenderness of a loving sister to stay with her, he answered : ' Sister, the Savior you taught me to love has a work for me among the heathen, and I shall go to it, trusting your prayers and his love will sustain me.' Such exhortations and patterns are swelling fountains whence flow many fruitful streams whose wholesome excitement is realized throughout Christendom. Such plants of righteousness, purity and peace will bloom both in this life and in the world to come. While we are reflecting on the weighty subject of consecration, so sacred to the heart and recollection, we would that a feeling of benevolence worthy of the day in which we live, and a kind regard for the unfortunate take possession of your mind and rule your actions. To be wavering between good intentions and their non-performance is the calam- ity of some. To be truly serviceable, persistent and continued effort must impress your every career. Let thy fixed aim and desire be to do right and compel wrong to yield thereunto. ' Then, what though thy smiles fade and tears come in their stead, and the world frown darkly on thee, if so there be no clouds betweeu thee and thy God?' 'It is important that the expression of the face be sweet and cheerful; but it cannot be unless you are kind, contented and loving. Remember, if you squander the golden hours of youth, without studying to become useful, good and pure, you will not, in after years, be very likely to reform. The clothes you wear today cover a fading form which cannot live always as the soul does. Live truly, and in living weave a rich and beautiful garment for your soul, which shall never grow old, but brighten while ages come and go.' North Union, Ohio.