An Educated Chinaman Gives His Reasons for Preferring the Heathen Belief. Wong Chin Foo, lias written a letter to the North American Review explaining his faith, or why he is a heathen. He starts with saying that he was born and raised a Heathen, and up to the age of seventeen practiced its moral and religious code, and 'my conscience was clear, and my hopes as to future life were undimmed by distracting doubt.' At this age he was transferred 'to the midst of our showy Christian civilization, and was bewildered by the multiplicity of sects, each one claiming a monopoly of the only and narrow road to heaven.' 'I looked into Presbyterianism,' he says 'only to retreat shudderingly from a belief in a merciless God who had long foreordained most of the helpless human race to an eternal hell. To preach such a doctrine to intelligent heathen would only raise in their minds doubts of my sanity, if they did not believe I was lying. Then I dipped into Baptist doctrines, but found so many sects therein, of different 'shell,' warring over the merits of cold-water initiation and the method and time of using it, that I became disgusted with such trivialities; and the question of close communu n or not only impressed me that some were very stingy and exclusive with their bit of bread and wine, and others a little less so. Methodism struck me as a thunder-and-lightning religion- -all profession and noise. You struck it, or it struck you, like a spasm,- - -and so you 'experienced' religion. The Congregationalists deterred me with their starchiness and self-conscious true goodness, and their desire only for hightoned affiliates. Unitarianism seemed all doubt, doubting even itself. A number of other Protestant sects based on some novelty or eccentricity- -like Quakerism- -I found not worth a serious study by the non-Christian. But on one point this mass of Protestant dissension cordially agreed, and that was in the united hatred of Catholicism, the older form of Christianity. And Catholicism returned with interest the animosity. It haughtily declared itself the only true church, outside of which there was no salvation- -for Protestants especially; that its chief prelate was the personal representative of God on earth, and that he was infallible. Here was religious unity, power and authority with a vengeance. But, in chorus, my solicitous Protestant friends beseeched me not to touch Catholicism, declaring it was worse than my heathenism- -in which I agreed; but the same line of argument also convinced me that Protestantism stood in the same category. In fact, the more I studied Christianity in its various phases,, and listened to the animadversions of one sect upon another, the more it all seemed tome 'sounding brass and tinkling cymbals. ' ' ' Call us heathens if you will, the Chinese are still superior in social administration and social order. Among 400,000,000 of Chinese there are fewer murders and robberies in a year than there are in New York State. . . . Christians are continually fussing about religion ; they build great churches and make long prayers, and yet there is more wickedness in the neighborhood of a single church district of one thousand people than among one million heathen, churchless and unsermonized. Christian talk is long and loud about how to be good and act charitably. It is all charity and no fraternity- -'there, dog, take your crust and be thankful!' And is it, therefore, any wonder there is more heart-breaking and suicides in the single State of New York in a year than in all China?' ' The difference between the heathen and the Christian is that the heathen does good for the sake of doing good. With the Christian, what little good he does is for immediate honor and for future reward; he lends to the Lord and wants compound interest. In fact, the Christian is the worthy heir of his religious ancestors. The heathen does much and says little about it; the Christian does little good, but when he does he wpnts it in the papers and on his tombstone. Love men for the good they do you is a practical Christian idea, not for the good you should do them as a matter of human duty. So Christians love the heathen; yes, the heathen's possessions, and in proportion to these the Christian's love grows in intensity. When the English wanted the Chinamen's gold and trade, they said they wanted ' to open China for their missionaries.' And opium was the chief, in fact, only, missionary they looked after, when they forced the ports open. And this imfamous Christian introduction among Chinamen has done more injury, social and moral, in China than all the humanitarian agencies of Christianity could remedy in two hundred years. And on you, Christians, and on your greed of gold, we lay the burden of the crimes resulting; of tens of millions of honest, useful men and women sent thereby to premature death after a short, miserable life, beside the physical and moral prostration it entails even where it does not prematurely kill! And this great national curse was thrust on us at the point of Christian bayonets. And you wonder why we are heathen? The only positive point Christians have impressed on heathenism is that they would sacrifice religion, honor, principle, as they do life, for- -gold. And then they sanctimoniously tell the poor heathen : ' You must save your soul by believing as we do!' ' ' On the whole, the Christian way strikes us as decidedly an unnatural one; it is every one for himself- -parents and children even. Imagine my feelings, if my own son, whom I loved better than my own life, for whom I had sacrificed all my comforts and luxury, should, through some selfish motive, go to law with me to get his share .prematurely of my property, and even have me declared a lunatic, or have me arrested and imprisoned, to subserve his interest or intrigue? Is this a rare Christian case? Can it bs charged against heathenism? We heathen are a God-fearing race. Aye, we believe the whole universecreation- -whatever exists and has existed- - is of God and in God; that, figuratively, the thunder is His voice and the lightning His mighty hands; that everything we du and contemplate doing is seen and known by Him ; that he has created this and other worlds to effectuate beneficent, not merciless, designs, and that all that He has done is for the steady, progressive benefit of the creatures whom He endowed with life and sensibility, and to whom as a consequence He owes and gives paternal care, and will give paternal compensation and justice; yet His voice will threaten and His mighty hand chastise those who deliberately disobey His sacred laws and their duty to their fellow man. ' Do unto others as you wish they would do unto you,' or ' Love your neighbor as yourself,' is the great divine law which Christians and heathen alike hold, but which the Christians ignore. This is what keeps me the heathen I am ! And I earnestly invite the Christians of America to come to Confucius.'