Books and Papers Woman's Work Woman's Work is the title of a paper now being published in Athens, Ga., and edited by Mrs. Ella K. Tenncnt. 50,000 copies of this first No. have bet n scut into thousands of homes and will be read with anxious interest. It is to be a journal of ' Domestic Economy' and ' so free from objectionable features that every line will prove a benefit' to the reader. A paper that can maintain so high a standard must be a welcome visitor in every family where a moral or reiigioua education is considered of value. Woman's Wokk is published monthly at 50 ets. pr. yr. Address T. L. Mitchell, Athens, Ga. Heads and Faces, and how to Study them; A Manual of Phrenology and Physiognomy for the People Heads and Faces, and how to Study them; A Manual of Phrenology and Physiognomy for the People, by Prof. Nelson Sizer, Phrenological examiner, and Dr. II. S. Drayton, Editor of the Phrenological Journal. 200 pages, Oct., 200 illust., paper, 40c.; extra cloth, $1.00. New York, Fowler &amp; Wells Co., Publishers, 775 Broadway. A new edition of this work, making 40,000 copies in about two years, has just been published. Of all the interesting subjects which men and women study there is none more interesting or important than the studying of the characters of each other; therefore, if you want something to read that will interest you more thoroughly than any book you ever read, send for a copy of Heads and Faces. It will show you how to read people as you would a book, and to see if they are inclined to be good, upright, honest, true, kind, charitable, loving, joyous, happy and trustworthy people, such as you would like to know; or are they by nature untrustworthy, treacherous and cruel, uncharitable and hardhearted, faultfinding, jealous, domineering people whom you would not want to have intimate with yourselves or your families ? A knowledge of Human Nature as taught in this book would save many disappointments in social and business life. It is sent by mail, postpaid, on receipt of price, as above.