Correspondence A visit to White Water Village, and to Union Village, Ohio, in the Autumn of 1881, by one who was a Shaker Boy. Little Rock, Ark. Early on the morning of Sept. 23, 1887, I started with some friends of our family, having made up my mind to see White Water, a Shaker Village, in Hamilton Co., Ohio. We arranged to make the journey by carriage, as I wished to see any familiar spot on the pike from Cincinnati to the Village. There being no railroad nearer than North Bend of the Ohio River, (some seventeen miles from W. W. V.) when I lived there, but since that time a railroad has been finished to Harrison six miles from the Shakers I wished to go the old way, and return by railWe had a delightful ride. Being in the fall of the year, the forests, and fields appeared so beautifully to me, and of course, as all boys think, no State is like their own, so I think no State is like Ohio, especially, Southern Ohio. Every brook, tree, house and even the cattle that I saw seemed like old friends, and more so as I neared the Village of White Water. We partook of a fine dinner with an old gentleman and lady, and their adopted daughter, relations of my iriends who lived on Paddy's Run, a small stream about four miles from the Shaker Village. I talked of the good people to my friends for all in my mind was the Shakers. After spending a few hours with our host and hostess, we continued our journey, arriving about 6, P. M., at another relation of my friends, where we ate su; per, and soon retired for the night. In the morning, I arose quite early for me, and in company with a little boy, after breakfast, ascended a high hill, (there are many south of the Shaker Village,) to take a loving view of my old home, the Shakertown, as the people call it. I viewed all, saw the Centre Family, the large barn, and other ob- jects in the distance. O what thoughts filled me after twenty-three or more years have passed since I saw the old place. How anx 12 THE MANIFESTO. ious I was to continue the journey. I never will forget it while memory lasts. I had never seen a Shaker or a person who had lived with them in all that time, and so very few that knew anything about them. At last the time came for the start, and another carriage joined us, of the family who entertained us for the night. As I drove over Dry Fork, a creek running around the Shaker Village, memories came over me; my heart was full, and is as I write this letter. We passed the South Family, the old school-house, the graveyard, and on up to the Office. Here I met Elder Stephen Ball. We stopped and shook hands. I knew him. We hitched our horses, and went into the Office and were met by sister Julia Ann Bear. The company remained about half an hour, leaving me to visit my friends. None of them seemed to know me as I have grown very stout weighing some over two hundred pounds. I took a walk after dinner, to see the old places. There was some change after twenty-three years. Visited Howard's Creek, the woods, fish pond, the grave-yard and here saw many names of those who had fought the fight of faith, and entered into their reward. Among them, Elder Ezra Sherman, John Easterbrooks, Ebenezer Eice, a good soul as ever lived, and Josiah Burnham, for many years the trusty man and deacon of the Village. Many names of the Sisters, bright stars in the army of God, who had finished their labors and entered into rest. Many whom I once knew had now passed away. During my stay I ivas very kindly treated Charles Stirr, a young man, who does the business, gave me much information as to the present state of the Society, and answered all my questions, which I know were many. I found him polite and entertaining. Stephen Ball also came to see me, and I enjoyed all their visits. Elder Henry Bear, my good friend and Elder visited me quite often. He related to me his religious experience; how he became a Shaker; and I shall never forget his kind words. He has, though he did not speak of it, gone through the furnace of affliction, and I love him as a gospel father. Julia Ann Bear, who has charge of the office, was very kind to me and talked freely. Mary Ann Wheeler was also at the office. With Br. Charles Stirr I visited the laundry, the stable, the old nursery, the dwelling house, and the meeting room in the old church; nil, all, so familiar to me. I went up to the North Family and visited Eldress Elizabeth Sharp, whom I knew; also Elder Charles Faraday, who was a dear friend of mine. We used to work together in the seed garden. He looked the same but older. We talked of old times and walked down the road together. I went also to the South Family and saw Eldress Betsy Gass and John Atchison. They all seemed like relations of mine, but those I knew in childhood of course were the dearest to me. I also saw Eldress Amanda Rubush, Lucinda Packer and others of the Center Family. I had quite a visit with Eldress Amanda and found her a pleasant lady, the only one left of a large family. On the Sunday following I attended divide worship, and as they stood in their ranks and sung, how I thought of the time when I had my place among those pure people. Sad thoughts came over me. Some of the songs I had never heard, but one was sung which I have never forgotten. ' O come, I will lead you, I'll clothe and feed you, And guide you along, by the confluent stream; Where angels, bright angels, are washing in Jordan, And you shall be free from all sorrow and pain. I never will leave you, nay never forsake you, Though deep tribulations and troubles arise; But I will be with you my faithful, dear children, That you may be able to press for the prize.' That was too much, the tears would come in spite of all I could do to prevent them, but I felt better. Of course I missed the large company of former years, I missed the exercise in the stepping, the round dance, the shuffling, and all those beautiful forms of worship I once knew so well and which I think help on the life of a Believer. I say it, though it may seem strange for a church clergyman to express such views; I believe that life comes by earnestness, even to earnest laboring in the dance, shouting, clapping of hands and violent exercises. We read that 'the kingdom of Heaven suffereth (or alloweth) violence, and the violent taketh it by force.' THE MANIFESTO. 13 I believe the songs of Zion will again come to be of the lively nature, and companies of people will seek her protection, and the dance, the shaking and all the glories will return to her people, to help them to bear their testimony against sin, and against the world without fear, as brave soldiers of the cross. The gospel trumpet, I believe, has sounded and is sounding now, andthe_ time is near, when all slip-shod services will disappear from Zion, and her beauty and her glory will again be restored. On Monday morning, I bid farewell to the kind friends and rode to Harrison in a Shaker wagon. Here I took the train for Cincinnati, well pleased with my visit, and it can never be effaced from my memory. While at the Hotel I made up my mind that I would visit Union Village, the largest Society of Shakers in the west, and on Tuesday, following, the 26th of Sept., I took the narrow guacre to Lebanon, arriving there about 6 P. M. Hired a carriage to drive up to the Centre Family, and stopped at the Office, where I met tin.: Ministry, three of them being members of the Society of White Water. During my stay, Elder Oliver Hampton spoke very kindly to me, and gave me some books. Among them I have the 'Book of Testimonies,' which I have sent to be bound, as I prize it a treasure. Eldress Louisa Farnham, an old friend of mine, entertained me very kindly, and we held a pleasant conversation. Eldress Louisa is not much changed and is seemingly as smart as she was twenty-five years ago. She is a woman of good sound sense, a gift all of us do not have. Such a gift is far better than great learning. We all love Eldress Louisa Farnham. She was the first Shakeress I ever knew, and my mother also was fond of her. She was kind to all, and I hope she will live long to do a good work for the Societies in the West. I also enjoyed my visit with Elder Oliver, and his words are a goodly treasure in my mind. Eldress Adeline Wells was very kind and pleasant, as were sisters Ann Maria Myers, Susanna Armstrong, Brother Ezra Leggett, the Post Master, Brother Gustave in charge of the office, and Brother Peter Boyd all made my visit very pleasant. I called at the North Family, and as Eldress Louisa sent me up to see my friends, sister Mary Middleton and Matilda Butler, I found them and found that Sister Mary was also glad to see me, and tears came in her eyes when I told her that years ago, I was a Shaker boy, and at that time she so kindly took care of me and my clothes in the Village at White Water. I am assured that tears are no sign of weakness as foolish people sometimes think, for the bravest and best of men, have often shed tears.: Jesus did, and when honest and sincere, the more they touch the heart. I spent some time talking of days gone by, and I almost felt as though I was prophesying when I told them of a time coming, of religious revival. Tn the afternoon I attended the funeral of a sister at the West Family. The services were without ostentation or show, bat solemn. I rode back to the office, and left for Lebanon in a buggy with Eldress Adeline and Sister Susanna. We did some shopping, (or rather I went with them to do some shopping) and felt honored to be seen with my Shaker friends. Bidding the Sisters good bye, I took the train for Cincinnati. My visits will always be remembered as a bright oasis in the desert of this life, and one of the brightest pages in the memory of my soul. I still maintain, if a person is an honest Shaker, he is to me the 'Salt of the earth,' and a light in the world. Sincerely Yours, Joseph L. Berne Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., Nov. 1887 Respected Friend, Prof. G. V:—I learned from a Kansas paper that you are connected with a form of Social Life embracing 'Shaker principles minus celibacy.' To me, the civilizations of the past and present, are the outcome of a definite Force in humanity. Its products are essentially alike under all conditions. So universally alike, that the exceptions are phenomenal. Nevertheless, these 14 THE MANIFESTO. exceptions show, that there is also a force in humanity, which, when in oper- ation, will bring forth a form of social life which will be communal—g'ods in common. A few years ago 1 made an analysis of the Force which creates the^e civilizations. I found that said Force, is composed of two atoms—a woman and a man. Th:ir leading and creative force, is an affinity to form family relationships. The Motto of which is, 'Me and Mine.' The reverse of yours. This Force, is of the animal in man and woman—all animals marry as they do. The civilizations alluded to rule by force, as the beasts of the fields do. All nations are true to their origin, and represent themselves emblematically as wild beasts ; one is a bear, another a lion,&amp;c. Nations are but aggregations of distinct families. They never coalesce, and the richer the family, the more distinct it is, and the more intense the emotion ''Me, and Mine.' Were the Genus Homo, in possession of but one set of emotions, as all other animals are, we could have no conception of having goods in common. The fact that so many aspire to communal life, is evidence that there is in humanity a higher order of emotions, than those which refer themselves to animal life in man and woman. Should you be so blest as to be able to call forth the God-element in your friends, and quicken into life its emo- tions, then you will have a divine form of social life. Its external manifestation will be goods in common, and its motto yours 'The happiness of each, the first object of all.' Should yourself and friends decline to ignore these animal emotional forces; then you will be content to refer yourselves to the aforesaid civilizations. And be assured, that all your efforts to manifest communal life, will be but ' As the snow-flake on the river, A moment white, then melts forever.' We are not alone ; the sentiment of living a life to the total exclusion of all propagative emotions, is prevailing. I am truly your friend, Daniel Fraser Portland, Me., Oct. 1887 Mr. Editor :—Although I am not a Shaker, yet from what little I have gleaned from reading I have great respect for the Shaker view in their interpretations of the teachings of Jesus Christ. Particularly so since the doctrines of the Socialists as opposed to giant monoplies, have become rife in the land, has the words of Jesus in the light of Shaker interpretation looked reasonable to me But my object in this writing was to give a little account of my experience at a religious meeting, one of the 'evangelical' kind, with their monopolized interpretation of Scripture. How long will Jesus endure the use of his name as sanction to dogmas having no Scriptural foundation whatever. But the meeting—I felt a desire to attend the Sunday morning prayer meeting of the Young Men's Christian Association at their rooms by the announced subject, ' A word to moral young men.' Having had my idea of about what the drift would be—upon at- tendance I was not only not disappointed but more lully confirmed in my opposition to such teachings which while denouncing 'morality,' indirectly encourages crime. The nineteenth of Matthew 16—20, formed the basis for the topic of this meeting at which the first half hour was spent in prayers offered in the name of him who uttered these words. And then stopping where they did without including the 21st and 22nd verses, and putting in the mouth of Jesus a meaning which he did not utter or intend to teach, I felt to ask, how long will Jesus thus be mis THE MANIFESTO. 15 represented, made to teach what he did not? And I felt to pi ay, that those who were trying to inculcate their false teachings upon others might have their eyes opened to the truth. Why did they not read and explain the 21st and 22nd verses, which were omitted and which contained not only practical morality but pointed the way to a real following of him who spake them? But no, a twisted contorted theological belief perverting the words 'Kingdom of God ' and the essentials for entering therein to a fancied change in the 'new birth'—something mysterious and supernatural, instead of an actuality, something applicable to daily living. What right had they, morally, to leave out those two verses :—'Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven : and come and follow me. But when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful: for he had great possessions.' Coming right up to the line of the meaning but not far enough to declare the true intent. Drawing a perverted inference from the first point and omitting the truth which would have been as destructive to their theories as ever was truth to falsehood. Thus has, and thus does the great orthodox body prosper to-day and what continues them in such success with men capable of thinking is what puzzles me. Men look at things differently it is true, but one thing should be remembered, and that is, that prejudice governs in the formation of opinions almost always. W. G. H. Remarks —It is very true that the several classes of religionists look upon things very differently, and probably will never see eye to eye till they become of one faith and one baptism. How any teacher of a religious class can illustrate this remarkable interview between Jesus and the young man, without including the whole story, and make it consistent with itself, is to us a puzzle. The young man sustained a good moral character, and Jesus accepted him so far, and the text says, ' loved him.' He was also in possession of some wealth,—'selfishproperty,'—and unless he consscrated this to the Lord, he could not become a Christian. Jesus, evidently, wanted him to become a dis- ciple, but with all his uprightness, according to the Mosaic law, Jesus says to him, One thing thou lackest, 'Go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast [houses or lands, every- thing you own,] and give to the poor, theu come, take up the cross, and follow me.' It is no wonder that the young man went away filled with sorrow To give away all his earthly possessions, would reduce him to poverty and yet so long as he retained it he could not be a follower of Christ. Ed.