Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., Nov. 1887 Respected Friend, Prof. G. V:—I learned from a Kansas paper that you are connected with a form of Social Life embracing 'Shaker principles minus celibacy.' To me, the civilizations of the past and present, are the outcome of a definite Force in humanity. Its products are essentially alike under all conditions. So universally alike, that the exceptions are phenomenal. Nevertheless, these 14 THE MANIFESTO. exceptions show, that there is also a force in humanity, which, when in oper- ation, will bring forth a form of social life which will be communal—g'ods in common. A few years ago 1 made an analysis of the Force which creates the^e civilizations. I found that said Force, is composed of two atoms—a woman and a man. Th:ir leading and creative force, is an affinity to form family relationships. The Motto of which is, 'Me and Mine.' The reverse of yours. This Force, is of the animal in man and woman—all animals marry as they do. The civilizations alluded to rule by force, as the beasts of the fields do. All nations are true to their origin, and represent themselves emblematically as wild beasts ; one is a bear, another a lion,&amp;c. Nations are but aggregations of distinct families. They never coalesce, and the richer the family, the more distinct it is, and the more intense the emotion ''Me, and Mine.' Were the Genus Homo, in possession of but one set of emotions, as all other animals are, we could have no conception of having goods in common. The fact that so many aspire to communal life, is evidence that there is in humanity a higher order of emotions, than those which refer themselves to animal life in man and woman. Should you be so blest as to be able to call forth the God-element in your friends, and quicken into life its emo- tions, then you will have a divine form of social life. Its external manifestation will be goods in common, and its motto yours 'The happiness of each, the first object of all.' Should yourself and friends decline to ignore these animal emotional forces; then you will be content to refer yourselves to the aforesaid civilizations. And be assured, that all your efforts to manifest communal life, will be but ' As the snow-flake on the river, A moment white, then melts forever.' We are not alone ; the sentiment of living a life to the total exclusion of all propagative emotions, is prevailing. I am truly your friend, Daniel Fraser