Juvenile Enfield, Conn. 1888 Dear Children :—You stand upon the portals of another New Year. What may await you in 1888 you know not, but if you follow 'the high path of duty,' all will be well. Make this year the best year of your lives, better for yourselves and for others. Approach nearer to the Christian standard in those virtues that make and adorn Christian character. How much room there is for improvement, and how grateful you should be for further opportunities to make a better record. The use you make of your opportunities decides the question of your gain or loss day by day. It is by seeking for and appropriating that which is true and pure that you grow in spiritual strength. Make the most of time. Time that is lost God will require. Time well spent brings abiding joy, the sweetest and the best. Each hour is a priceless gift. Take care of the hours and the days will take care of themselves. Don't mind the moment that is past, but the moment that is present. Save all the moments you can by prudence and industry. The moments pass by so swiftly, that if they are not applied to a good purpose, the years are left periodically blank. Each day keep good vows. God will give you strength to live each day when it comes. Strive to make each day such an one as He would wish you to live. Improve the to-days and you will have no regret for the yesterdays, no fear for the to-morrows, but will go onward till j ou have reached the final to ¦ morrow—the to-morrow that will last through eternity. Your Brother, Daniel Orcutt ' Be not weary in well-doing.' Gal. vi , 9 Why should we weary in doing well if we are striving for something better than that which we already possess? Were we unwilling to make any effort to do or be good we should soon find ourselves lacking that firmness and constancy which characterizes the lives of our older Brethren and Sisters. We must be constant and earnest if we would gain the true riches promised to those only who are willing to work unceasingly for the right. Let us be constantly aiming toward that which is highest and heat, for 'in due season we shall reap if we faint not.' We can easily perceive that if the gardener did not care faithfully, each day, for his flowers and fruits, weeds would grow up very soon and spoil his choicest plants. It is just so with our spiritual growth, if we neglect to care for the beautiful flowers of Honesty, Truth and Purity, our lives show it by a gradual development of that which is of the world; then let us not grow weary in well- doing. J. L. Enfield, N. H. ACROSTIC Prayer and Praise from Psalms, Judge me, 0 Lord; for I have walked in mine integrity, xxvi., 1. Unto thee, O Lord, do we give thanks, lxv., 1. Let the words of my mouth, and the meditation of mv heart be acceptable in thy sight, xix., 14. In the Lord put I my trust, xi., 1. And they that know thy mime will put their trust in thee. ix., 11. IVIy (rod, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? xxii.,1. AH the paths of the Lord are mercy and truth, xxv., 10. The Lord is my shepherd 1 shall not want, xxiii., 1. | will dwell in the house of the Lord forever, xxiii., 6. |_et the heavens rejoice, and let the earth be glad. xcvi., 11. Draw nigh unto my soul and redeem it. Ixix., 18. And the heavens shall praise thy wonders, O Lord. lxxxix., S. Deliver me from mine enemies O my God. xlix., 1. Arise for our help, and redeem us for thy mercies' sake. xliv., 26. Let those that seek thee rejoice and be glad in thee. lxx., 4. The Lord is my strength and my shield, xxviii. 7. O Give thanks unto the Lord; for he is good exxxvi., 1. Nevertheless he regarded their affliction when he heard their cry. cvi., 44. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. LITTLE MEN AND WOMEN Can you put the spider's web back in its place, That once has been swept away? Can you put the apple again on the bough, That fell at our feet to day? 99 THE MANIFESTO. Can fou put the lily-cup back on the stem, And cause it to live and grow? Can you mewl the butterfly's broken ¦wing, That was crushed by a cruel blow? Can you put the petals back on the rose? If you could, would it smell as sweet? Can you put the flour again in the husk, And show me the ripened wheat? You think that these questions are trifling, dear, Let me ask you another one : Can a hast}' word ever be unsaid, Or an unkind deed undone? Woman's Journal. TRUE TO GOD Never lower your principles to the world's standard. Never let sin, however popular it may be, have any sanction or countenance from you, even by a smile. The manly con- fession of Christ, when his cause is unpopular, is made by himself the condition of his confessing us before men. If people find out that we are earnestly religious, as they soon will if the light is shining, let us make hem heartily welcome to the intelligence. And then, again, in order that the lights may shine without obstruction, we must be simple and study simplicity. This is by no means so easy as it at first sight appears; for in this highly artificial and pretentious age, all society is overlaid with numerous affectations. Detest affectation as the contrary of truth and as hypocrisy on a small scale, and allow yourselves to be seen freely by those around you in true colors. There is an affectation of indifference to all things, and a lack of sensibility which is becoming very prevalent in this age, which is the sworn foe to simplicity of character. The persons who labor under this moral disorder pretend to have lost their freshness of interest in everything ; for them, as they would have it be- lieved, there is no surprise and no enthusiasm. As Christians, we must eschew un- truth in every form ; we must labor to seem just what we are, neither better nor worse. To be true to God and to the thought of his presence all day long, and to let self occupy as little as possible of our thoughts ; to care much for his approval, and comparatively little for the impression we are making upon others ; to feed the inward light with oil, and then freely to let it shine—this is the great secret of edifieatio . May he indoctrinate us into it. and dispose and enable us to illustrate it in our practice. — Dr. Goulburn, in Sabbath Recorder. To me, God has promised... To me, God has promised, not the Heaven of the ascetic temper, or the dogmatic theo- logian, or of the subtle mystic, or of the stern martyr ready alike to inflict and bear; but a Heaven of purified and permanent affections ; of a book of knowledge with eter- nal leaves, and unbounded capacities to read it; of those we love ever around us, never misconceiving us or being harassed by us; of glorious work to do, and adequate facili- ities to do it; a world of solved problems, as well as of realized ideals. The many man- sions in my Father's House are many, not in number only, but in variety. —Greg. THE NEW LEAF A. A. HOPKINS O would our leaves of life were fair With faithful writing everywhere ! O would that love shone clear and true Each plan and purpose ever through; That zeal did never faint and tire; That hope ne'er waned to low desire; That so each New Year's dawn should bring The old year's buds to blossoming; And so all plans and hopes should tend Through patient work to perfect end ! Selected