The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker. No. 22 Published expressly for the several Communities of Believers in IS 16. Re-written by Henry C. Blinn Journey from Harvard to Petersham. On the 4th of July, 1783, Mother Ann and the Elders left the Believers in Harvard and made a journey to Petersham, Mass. They tarried with the family of David Hammond. Quite a little company of Believers went with them, who had come from different sections of the country. On the third day after their arrival, a body of people, who were returning from a funeral, gathered around the house and in an unpleasant manner seemed determined to enter. It was a very singular proceeding. David Hammond and others who were standing in the halls of the dwelling prevented their ingress. Elder James Whittaker observing their riotous spirit read to them the 'Billof Rights,' which grants to Christians of every denomination, equal rights and privileges, in the exercise and enjoyment of their religious profession and worship. He then reasoned with them, for some time, and endeavored to show them that such proceedings, were unchristian, unlawful, unmanly and abusive. Others of the Elders also addressed the company and reminded them of the abuse which the Elders had suffered in Petersham at an earlier date. Mother Ann admitted several of the company into the house and pointed out to them a narrow passage in the rear of the chimney, where she said, 'They thrust me through that place. It seemed as though they would press the breath from my body. I was never so abused in all my life.' Soon after this the company withdrew, but to their dishonor, be it said, they returned near the close of the day, with every indication that they were bent on mischief. Only a few of them were al- lowed to enter the house. Mother Ann and the Elders passed up stairs, into a chamber. The mob next attempted to reach the upper windows of the dwelling but were not successful. Some of the Brethren reproved the mob for their ungodly behavior, but as they seemed to be determined on acts of wickedness, it did little or no good. Stones and sticks were thrown in at the windows, and several persons were more or less injured ; yet in the midst of all the tur 4 THE MANIFESTO. moil the Believers began to sing a hymn of praise and prayer. Several were able to testify to their faith in the cross, and that in all boldness. The evil influence, however, predominated among the mob and they became very noisy and abusive. One man by the name of Witt, struck Br. Aaron Wood with a club, so furiously that he fell to the ground, and was unable to move. At that moment some one cried out, '' You have killed him' and Elder James added, 'Mark the man that killed Br. Aaron. ' Instantly the mob began to disperse, and ran in every direction, clambering over the walls and fences in such confusion that the scene became perfectly ludicrous. The Believers taking advantage of the hasty retreat gave three cheering shouts which made the woods echo with joyThere was no more harm that night, but on the following evening the house was again surrounded by a noisy rabble, who were xnockins, hooting, and yelling like savages. A pistol was discharged in at the window, apparently with a view to frighten the Believers, but the singing and speaking proceeded as though nothing had happened. Night after night these wicked people would gather around the house where the Believers were holding their meet- ings and create a disturbance by their unpleasant noises and rude behavior. This continued most of the time while they remained in Petersham. Mother Ann and the Elders comforted the Brethren and Sisters and counseled them to forget their troubles and to remember their sorrow no more. At one time Elder William Lee discovered three men, as they came across the fields, toward the house, and calling to the Brethren, advised them to take care of their things. 'The wicked are coming,' said he, 'and the wicked will do wickedly.' Mother Ann called several of the Believers, and said to them, 'Go quickly and see what they wnnt. and just as you deal with them, so Christ will deal with you.' These men appeared to have but little sense of the mission upon which they had b-en sent. They came in great zeal and running as fast as they could, shouting and making a great noise. They were strangers to the Believers. Suddenly they turned and ran from the house with utmost speed, and appeared to be very much frightened. The next mission of Mother Ann and the Elders whs to the town of Cheshire where they arrived July, 18 L 783, and called at the home of Joseph Burnett. They remained with this family over the Sabbath and held a public .service. Large numbers came to attend the meeting. All the Elders addressed the assembly, and opened the gospel testimony with great clearness. At the close of the service several persons came to the house and used very abusive language toward the Elders, and especially toward Mother Ann. One of the young sisters remarked, 'She is my Mother;' 'She is my Mother.' This put them to silence and they left the place very much ashamed of their conduct. After holding meetings in Cheshire about one week they went to the town of Richmond.