Juvenile Enfield, Conn. 1888 Dear Children :—You stand upon the portals of another New Year. What may await you in 1888 you know not, but if you follow 'the high path of duty,' all will be well. Make this year the best year of your lives, better for yourselves and for others. Approach nearer to the Christian standard in those virtues that make and adorn Christian character. How much room there is for improvement, and how grateful you should be for further opportunities to make a better record. The use you make of your opportunities decides the question of your gain or loss day by day. It is by seeking for and appropriating that which is true and pure that you grow in spiritual strength. Make the most of time. Time that is lost God will require. Time well spent brings abiding joy, the sweetest and the best. Each hour is a priceless gift. Take care of the hours and the days will take care of themselves. Don't mind the moment that is past, but the moment that is present. Save all the moments you can by prudence and industry. The moments pass by so swiftly, that if they are not applied to a good purpose, the years are left periodically blank. Each day keep good vows. God will give you strength to live each day when it comes. Strive to make each day such an one as He would wish you to live. Improve the to-days and you will have no regret for the yesterdays, no fear for the to-morrows, but will go onward till j ou have reached the final to ¦ morrow—the to-morrow that will last through eternity. Your Brother, Daniel Orcutt ' Be not weary in well-doing.' Gal. vi , 9 Why should we weary in doing well if we are striving for something better than that which we already possess? Were we unwilling to make any effort to do or be good we should soon find ourselves lacking that firmness and constancy which characterizes the lives of our older Brethren and Sisters. We must be constant and earnest if we would gain the true riches promised to those only who are willing to work unceasingly for the right. Let us be constantly aiming toward that which is highest and heat, for 'in due season we shall reap if we faint not.' We can easily perceive that if the gardener did not care faithfully, each day, for his flowers and fruits, weeds would grow up very soon and spoil his choicest plants. It is just so with our spiritual growth, if we neglect to care for the beautiful flowers of Honesty, Truth and Purity, our lives show it by a gradual development of that which is of the world; then let us not grow weary in well- doing. J. L. Enfield, N. H.