Four Queries about the Shakers. No. 1 Chancy Dibble Form of Worship. It is supposed by some that we have a variety of monkish forms to which all must submit, but this soon vanishes from the mind of one who learns bow few are the ceremonies with us, one side of necessary duties and industries. Our worship is perhaps the most peculiar part, to which some think we are very much wedded, whereas in reality we have no faith in any form, farther than it is expressive of emotion and reverence to our Divine Parents. The form is of no consequence ; all depends upon the purity and sincerity of 6 THE MANIFESTO. the worshipers. Whether we sit or stand, kneel, sing, march or dance ; all must proceed from reverence and love, or worship of any kind becomes formal and lifeless. Our leaders were prompted to this form by aspirations after the power of salvation from sin. Every motion had its original signification. The march, that we are ever on the move toward perfection. Our hands are spread, in token that we are needy and anxious to gather from spiritual sources. We shake with indignation against the nature of evil in our own hearts. We dance for our victories over the temptations of life, which so often sink men and women in degradation. The fitness and congeniality of our worship to all ages and dispositions, is appreciated by such as realize the failing of lifeless forms to which fashionable churches hold. The congregation seated in their easy pews, witnessing the performance of some theologian who displays himself, perhaps more than he displays the gospel ; thus one man does the worshiping while the crowd look on. We do not wonder that people educated to old forms, should look with surprise at so wide a deviation as we have made. Dancing upon the Sabbath, according to the blue laws, such should be imprisoned for desecration of the day. Shaking, why what fools to thus manifest our indignation agaiust dirty, sinful habits. But is it not right to act out what we honestly feel? Who in seasons of revival finds fault with the sinner, under conviction, for acting out that to which the spirit impels him ? On the whole, our worship is not merely a curiosity, for there is no position that brings us nearer in harmony with spirits. While our exercises enliven the physical part, the mind is active and receptive, not for tipping tables or material- ization, but for an overcoming power against sin, which reigns in the human heart and in Society. Watervliet, N. Y.