A TRUE STORY Louis Basting Traveling recently through Southern Kentucky we became acquainted with a gentleman whose probity and integrity is well known throughout that section of the country. During the course of a lengthy journey on the cars he related the following incident which we reproduce here for the benefit of readers of The Manifesto. The Society of Believers located at Pleasant Hill, Ky., has for some years past permitted camp meetings to be held on its grounds. As a consequence many called for food and lodging and were entertained according to the ability of the Society. The chief attraction at last year's encampment was a noted evan- gelist. Among those who availed themselves of the Society's hospitality was the aforementioned Rev. S. J. Coming 8 THE MANIFESTO. one morning into the office with a swaggering sort of manner, cigar in mouth and spitting tobacco juice on the clean floor he began a general criticism of Believers, their manners, system and theology. An aged gentleman who was visiting a daughter, who was a member of the Society at last ventured to check the speaker's volubility, by asking him what particular point of their theolog/ was objectionable. The answer was' that the celibacy practiced by Believers was anti-Christian and unscriptural. Then his questioner remarked with some warmth : 'Do you know what you are talking about? Have you read the New Testament? Was not Jesus a celibate and were not his apostles and disciples celibates? The only question today is, who of us is ' able to bear that saying. Yes, sir, celibacy is the very Cap sheaf of the Christian Religion. And as to manners : look at the inscription over the door—Erected in 1839. Now 1 venture to assert, that since that inscription was placed there, no gentleman has ever come into this house smoking a cigar and spitting on the floor.' Mr. J. found it best not to continue the conversation on these lines, but others who had witnessed the inci' dent caused it to be related in the papers, and it followed him in his wanderings to Chicago. There he astonished his audience by coming out with a testimony against the use of tobacco. Thus was the Reverend's conversion from tobacco brought about. Ought it to stop there Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. [How nice it would be if others could follow this example of the Eev. S. J. and astonish the people 'by coming out with a testimony against the use of tobacco.'—Ed.]