A Tribute to the Memory of our Beloved Sister LOUISE GUEST Mary Settles How soon are we called again to review And witness the scene which we all must pass through, But those who are faithful have nothing to fear When called in that heavenly world to appear. Death takes of all classes the young and the old, The weak and the feeble, the stout and the bold, No one can escape it, but all must resign, When called by the voice of Almighty Divine. Yea, all souls in justice their portion must meet, When called to appear at the great judgment seat; No one can call back the time they've delayed But each must appear in the robe they have made. Then let us my dear loving comrades be wise, Resolved to be winners of that holy prize, Come life, or come death let us stand for the Lord, And die in the cause and defense of his word. For lo! our sweet moments glide swiftly away, And soon we'll be called from this frail house of clay, Then let us prepare with bright angels to dwell, And bid earth's vain glories a lasting farewell. We have the example before us now placed, Of one who has faithfully finished her race, And gone to explore the bright regions above There join with the angels in streams of pure love. She offered to God the first fruits of her life, Renounced this vain world, withiis pleasures and strife Has stood for the gospel and never looked back, But kept her feet placed on the firm solid Rock. She long hath stood with us, through tempest and tide And no vain allurements could draw her aside, She always did speak in support of the truth, And this she has faithfully kept from her youth. And now like a flower she is pluck'd in her prime, And gone to a fairer and happier clime, No more to return to dwell with us again But in the bright regions of glory remain. She now can rejoice from the sorrows of earth, And sing with bright angels in heavenly mirth And raise the sweet notes of thanksgiving and praise That she stood for the cause to the end of her days. And O ! that we all may thus finish our days [raise, That when we are call'd hence, the same notes we may And pour forth our souls in thanksgiving to God That by his kind mercy and power we have stood. O may we all meet in that heavenly land, United together forever to stand; Where no earthly troubles can come to annoy, Our happiness, comfort, and eternal joy. But there in the mansions of bright glory and peace, Our glory will shine with an endless increase; And there we'll rejoice on that bright happy shore, Where sorrows are ended and parting's no more. Pleasant Hill, Ky,