THE MANIFESTO. JANUARY, 1888 Office of Publication The Manifesto is published on the first of each month, at Shaker Village, Mer. Co., N. H. All articles for publication should be addressed to Henry C. Blinn, and all letters on financial business to A. Y. Cochran. TERMS. One copy per year, postage paid, .75 ' ' six months, ' .40 Send for specimen copy, free. THE NEW YEAR. Yv ith this number we enter upon the eighteenth volume of The Manifesto. We trust it may be to all a new year of peace, prosperity and spiritual growth. Our duty before God and toward man should be more clearly denned, that our growth in knowledge, and the order of our lives may move in harmony with each other. It is of much more consequence to us what we may do and how we may live, than it is for us to be over anxious about the work of redemption iu other souls. First, be assured that we abide in the true vine ; that we are living branches, and that we are able to sustain other branches. Like the sower that went forth to sow ; some of our efforts to do good may not have met with our anticipated success. The glad tidings to humanity and the doctrine of good will to man has often been received much after the same manner. We have received all, however, that a disciple of the divine Teacher could ask. The compensation has been liberal for the amount of labor expended. Since the publishing of our first paper many remarkable changes have transpired iu the religious world, and we enjoy the tliought that our little messen- ger, even in its simplicity, has rendered some aid in moulding a more liberal spirit among those who are on their pilgrimage to the Holy City. The Manifesto has ever rejoiced in the prosperity of the upright, and felt assured that ample compensation would be awarded for every deed of charity and love. If true to our mission we cannot do otherwise than walk in the path of the Savior of Men. Bear a daily cross against the elements of the world ; renounce its relations and crucify all its affections and lusts. Heal the sick. Cast out evil influences. Assist the lame to walk. Restore sight to the blind, and in the spirit of our God 'undo the heavy burdens and let the op- pressed go free.' '-Do unto others as ye would that they should do unto you.' This is the permanent, safe way, and beyond which it would be difficult to pass. In the future as in the years that have passed before us, The Manifesto will work assiduously for the growth of righteousness and peace in the earth. For the inflowing of the spirit of God which is able to establish and to maintain the new heavens and new earth, and for that increase in divine knowledge, so essential, in the judicious care of the body,—the temple of God,—that we may be better able to judge correctly for the soul. The kingdom of heaven, said Jesus, JANUARY THE MANIFESTO. 19 is already within you, and the Revelator wrote, 'Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and He will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them and be their God.' After this manner let us teach, and so live that God may dwell in us. Our work is in the interest of freedom ; in breaking the chains that enslave the body, that makes of the image of God, a beast of burden, and no less, in breaking the bonds that hold the spirit of man a willing slave to the sins of the world. It is in the learning and teaching of that form of truth that shall make the soul free in Christ. In the testimony that brings forward a new life, and makes of every man and of every woman, a new creature, that they may be known while on the earth, as children of God. With those of diverse faith, and maintaining other forms of religious life we can have no time to contend. God is their judge ! It is best for ' every man to be fully persuaded in his own mind,' and then to work accordingly ; and with our best exertion, we shall probably find enough to do at home. Very little, if any good can be accomplished by controversy, especially as it is said to lead to the gates of h.. 1. It is our duty through the columns of The Manifesto and in our daily lives, to declare our faith by works of righteousness, and to establish this confidence in the minds of all men that we do live in accordance with the doctrine that we publish before the world.