Sanitary NECESSITY OF PROPER MASTICATI0N The food is often washed into the stomach with one of various liquids without mastica- tion, and we may with safety and great propriety add, that unless there is some change in the food habit of children, our success in the direction of tooth-preservation will be but limited. Fluids must be restricted at meal time. Solid food must be substituted for the semi-solid, and the eight or ten minutes usually occupied in the consumption of a meal must be extended to twenty-five or thirty minutes. I say constantly to the parents of my young patients : If you want to save this child's teeth, you must banish drink from the table during meal time; let the children drink all they want before and after meals, but at meals tlw food should be taken as nearly dry as possible, and let the child spend half an hour or more in its mastication, utilizing the natural secretions—not washing down its food with copious draughts without an effort on the part of the teeth to triturate and prepare it for the subsequent digestive process. I want to make it clear that, in my estimation, the loss of function is one great cause of this rapid decay of teeth. The healthy or normal development of the teeth is exactly in proportion to the stimulus of the resistance that is offered to them in the mas- tication of food.—Exchange. GOOD RULES FOR WINTER Keep the back, especially between the shoulder blades, well covered; also, the chest well protected. In sleeping in a cold room establish the habit of breathing through the nosej and never with the mouth open. Never go to bed with cold or damp feet. Never omit regular bathing, for unless the skin is in active condition the cold will close the pores and favor congestion or other diseases. When hoarse speak as little as possible until the hoarseness is recovered from, else the the voice may be permanently lost, or difficulties of the throat be produced. 20 THE MANIFESTO. When going from a warm atmosphere into a cooler one keep the mouth almost closed so that the air may be warmed by its passage through the nose ere it reaches the lungs. Never stand still in cold weather, especially after having taken a slight degree of exercise, and always avoid standing on ice or snow, or where the person is exposed to cold wind. —Sanitarian.