Portland, Me., Oct. 1887 Mr. Editor :—Although I am not a Shaker, yet from what little I have gleaned from reading I have great respect for the Shaker view in their interpretations of the teachings of Jesus Christ. Particularly so since the doctrines of the Socialists as opposed to giant monoplies, have become rife in the land, has the words of Jesus in the light of Shaker interpretation looked reasonable to me But my object in this writing was to give a little account of my experience at a religious meeting, one of the 'evangelical' kind, with their monopolized interpretation of Scripture. How long will Jesus endure the use of his name as sanction to dogmas having no Scriptural foundation whatever. But the meeting—I felt a desire to attend the Sunday morning prayer meeting of the Young Men's Christian Association at their rooms by the announced subject, ' A word to moral young men.' Having had my idea of about what the drift would be—upon at- tendance I was not only not disappointed but more lully confirmed in my opposition to such teachings which while denouncing 'morality,' indirectly encourages crime. The nineteenth of Matthew 16—20, formed the basis for the topic of this meeting at which the first half hour was spent in prayers offered in the name of him who uttered these words. And then stopping where they did without including the 21st and 22nd verses, and putting in the mouth of Jesus a meaning which he did not utter or intend to teach, I felt to ask, how long will Jesus thus be mis THE MANIFESTO. 15 represented, made to teach what he did not? And I felt to pi ay, that those who were trying to inculcate their false teachings upon others might have their eyes opened to the truth. Why did they not read and explain the 21st and 22nd verses, which were omitted and which contained not only practical morality but pointed the way to a real following of him who spake them? But no, a twisted contorted theological belief perverting the words 'Kingdom of God ' and the essentials for entering therein to a fancied change in the 'new birth'—something mysterious and supernatural, instead of an actuality, something applicable to daily living. What right had they, morally, to leave out those two verses :—'Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven : and come and follow me. But when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful: for he had great possessions.' Coming right up to the line of the meaning but not far enough to declare the true intent. Drawing a perverted inference from the first point and omitting the truth which would have been as destructive to their theories as ever was truth to falsehood. Thus has, and thus does the great orthodox body prosper to-day and what continues them in such success with men capable of thinking is what puzzles me. Men look at things differently it is true, but one thing should be remembered, and that is, that prejudice governs in the formation of opinions almost always. W. G. H.