IN MEMORIUM. SISTER, LOUISE GUEST Mary Settles 'Leaves have their time to fall; the stars to set, And flowers to wither at the north wind's breath, But thou Oh Death ! hast for thine own all seasons.' When the lovely autumn was waning, and in the quiet night as the silvery rays of the moon shed a soft and starry radiance down on the earth wrapping it in splendor, a pure spirit winged its way to its Maker, returned to the God who gave it. She had no fears of the future. In her youth she gave her all to God, and his work, renounced the siren pleasures that are so attractive to the young, and with a firmness, worthy of a soldier she never looked back, but onward and upward was her motto. Our sister was meek, unobtrusive, quiet in her manners, adorned with the priceless adorning of humility, faithful in the performance of her duties, kind and respectful to the aged. We shall miss her when we meet to worship, as her voice was heard in these sacred halls. We shall miss her in the home circle, in all the walks of life where her usefulness was well known. Her physical body was worn and weary from the inroads of disease, and though a patient sufferer, yet she longed to be free, and to go to the home above, to rejoin nany dear ones who had preceded hr to the home ' Over There. ' Her good example was before us, and we shall niiss her ^ad!y, but we rejoice that she is not lost, only gone before, and in a few brief years we shall bid adieu to things of time, and lay down the cares of this life and explore the unknown land ' Beyond the smiling and the weeping.' We to-day come here to offer a tribute of respect to the departed, to drop a tear to her memory, and the loving hands have arrayed iier for the silent tomb. Her young friends have come to do honor to her, and bring their floral tributes, mute offerings to the voiceless one whose hands are meekly folded over her heart and who now is rejoicing that her spirit has put on immortality. We will tenderly lay her away beneath the sod with the sky and the twinkling stars and pale moon, over head, to keep watch over the spot. The birds will sing a THE MANIFESTO. 11 requiem, and her spirit will go to the land of the immortelles. We who survive are reminded that to pome of us the summons may come ere long, as 'we know not the day when the Son of Man cometh.' And then I think of one, Who in her prime and beauty died The fair meek blossom that grew up And faded by my side; In the cold moist earth we laid her When the forest cast the leaf, And we wept that one so lovely Should have a life so brief. Yet not unmeet it was That this dear friend of ours, So gentle and so beautiful Should perish with the flowers. Pleasant Hill, Ky.