Remarks —1st. In the writing of articles for publication, people must write from what they have read, or heard others say, or from what they know by experience. As no two persons can think and feel exactly alike, at the same time, so it will be reasonable to conclude that no two will be likely to represent themselves exactly alike on any particular subject. Some persons almost bewilder us with a multiplicity of words, while others use so few that we are left to guess what they mean. Some are very speculative in 16 THE MANIFESTO. their illustrations, while others are laboriously practical. A writer must he followed carefully, if we would understand fully, the thoughts he presents for inspection. When it is said that the Bible is not the word of God, the mind of the sensitive Protestant is wounded, as he has been taught to believe that the Bible from the first of Genesis to the last of Revelation, is wholly God's inspired word. The best scholars, however, in the Protestant church do not believe this, hence the revision of the Bible which they have so recently given to us. A book of God with not less than 150,0C0 errors, certainly needed the care of some good and wise men. On this subject there is antagonism, even in the Christian churches. The Catholics say that their Bible is the word of God, and that the Bible of the Protestants is a spurious record. On the other hand the Protestants call their Bible the word of God, and that of the Catholic church a book not suitable to be read. This being the case, we need not wonder if individuals sometimes express an opinion. It does not hurt the book and need do no harm to the reader if he prays as he reads. We think you will find it difficult to point out the place where it is recorded that the Bible is the inspired word of God. The passage that came the nearest to this claim, has been found to be spurious and as a matter of course corrected in the revision. Read the sixteenth verse of the third chapter in the second epistle to Timothy. 'All scripture is given by inspiration of God and is profitable for doctrine, &amp;c ' This has been changed to read, All scripture given by inspiration of God is profitable for doctrine, &amp;c. If the first reading was the Word of God, what shall we say of the last? The Bible tells its own story, that it suffered from the hands of artful, selfish, de- signing men who have not hesitated to change the text to advance their own religious interests. Words, verses and even the half of a chapter that have been for years upon years, fitted into sermons and lectures to frighten the hearers into one form of theology and out of another, are now of no force in illustration, and but few would have patience to hear them repeated. Do you wonder that some persons who hate to I e deceived, are ready to say that the Bible is not in its every chapter, the Word of God. 2nd. What does the Bible say about Jesus Christ? Who was Jesus? Ans. The son of man. Who was Christ? Ans. The son of God. When Jesus was commissioned to preach, he was anointed at the baptism of John, and was then known as Jesus Christ, or Jesus the anointed. It is of far more importance that we learn to live as he lived, than it is that we should be over anxious about the name by which he was known. If we say Jesus, or Christ or Jesus Christ or Christ Jesus, with the mind to depart from all unrighteousness, we shall probably come pretty near the mark. 3rd. The interrogation put forth by Job would be quite as pertinent at this day as it was at an earlier date. 'Canst thou by searching find out God? canst thou find out the Almighty unto perfection? Job xi., 7. Finite as we are, it is in all probability quite impossible for us to know everything, but if we have learned that the power which rules the Sun, Moon and Stars, as well as our little earth, is known and feared and loved as our God, Creator of the universe and all that therein is, then we have a knowledge not to be despised. This same power, evidently ruled when Adam was in Eden and has ruled heaven and earth from that day to this. Theologians sometimes ariange their arguments so curiously that you may take from or add to them, and the change does but little or no harm. At the best, it is generally considered that the study of theology is of far less value than a life of practical righteousness. Ed.