FIGHTING NEGATIONS Oliver C. Hampton Love and not hate is to save us all, if we ever are saved. It is vastly better to cultivate a love and interest for a virtue, than to employ our time in parading before us and hating its opposite. Can't we love Mercy without taking the trouble to bring before our minds, scenes of appalling cruelty as so many 'b men of straw' and hating them ? Can't we love purity without the necessity of taxing our imaginations to remember or perhaps even create images of disgusting sensuality, so that we can hate them and fight them? I should not wonder if we eventually came to find that a godly man—a Christian, is under no necessity to hate anything. What are sinful habits, courses, —propensities, anyhow? They are vio- lated laws. They are ''lines of confusion, and stones of emptiness.' Mere negations, to be substituted sooner or later in every case, by love, wisdom, purity, patience, kindness and intelligence. Let us love the good and cultivate it and let what we call the evil die a natural death (if any one thinks it is possessed of vital elements) and let it be relegated to the limbo of everlasting forgetfulness as soon as possible. In our zeal in hating a violation of any of God's good laws we are so very prone to hate the violator, that our hatred is almost sure to consume nearly every bit of our charity. But our blessed Savior and Mother don't allow that on any consideration whatever. It seems to me a reasonable, philosophical and even inspirational suggestion that we should cultivate as much love and as little hatred as possible, aud if guided hereinto by holy and heavenly impulses of wisdom from above which the beloved Apostle assures us is 'first pure, then peaceable' we shall climb the great ladder toward perfection with much security and peace. Now for a little experience. When I first set out to be a Shaker the cry was war to the knife against the 'world, flesh and devil.' I pitched in and fought in 5 THE MANIFESTO. those wars for many years. We shook, vociferated, stamped and in every way, demonstrated outwardly what was going on inwardly. We used to sing : 'The greatest war beneath the sun Has surely now with us begun, Each soul must fight (?) or surely run And leave the valiant numbers.' And also : 'When once we've entered the campaign We need not think to fly, Our freedom then we have to gain 'Tis conquer then or die. For if we should the cause desert, Or yield unto the foe, To endless shame we must depart Where all such cowards go.' These warring scenes sometimes seemed to have a strange effect upon me. At such times the stronger the belligerent demonstration the fulbr of evil I seemed to become and consequently the farther I felt from the victory. But I was told that it was to be compared with medicine, which in order to do any good, must first rouse up all the latent elements of disease, after which it could and would eliminate them from the system. So 1 let it go, and fought ou. After many years of this military life, I solemnly made a review of my experience aud found myself appallingly poor and destitute of patience, forgiveness, charity and unselfishness. I had experienced but a very small portion of divine love by which my spirit was allured and brought into the wilderness of silence, and spoken comfortably unto. So I felt very poor and disconsolate after twenty years of military life wherein I had never missed a single battle. I now began earnestly to love and cultivate all that was good and wise, high and holy, sweet and unselfish, kind and sympathetic, beautiful and sublime, poetic and harmonious. I have pursued this plan for many years and gained the unspeakable riches of peace and righteousness flowing from a quiet practical self-abnegation. I have gone through terribly exhausting physical labors, fighting for spiritual emancipation. But I have gained more real travel in prayer and peace and tranquility and love to God and practical goodness to man, in one year by my later spiritual regime than in many of the years of my former experience. It may be that all may not be able to receive these sayings of mine. Yet I am not afraid to exhort all to cultivate in thought, word and practice, all that is good, holy and heavenly until such a sweet life is a second nature with them, and forget as fast as possible all that is below this high standard, and I will guarantee all such a swift, happy and successful travel heavenward. Union Village, 0.