FRUITS OF RIGHTEOUSNESS. On our journey through life, it is a good thing that we even anticipate the ' peaceable fruits of Righteousness.' God's gifts, so much to be desired, and for which we should so earnestly pray, are as boundless as the sea. Manifestations of his divine goodness are all around us, and it only requires our spirits to move in harmony with his spirit, that we may share, to a fulness, of this heavenly blessing. If our eyes are closed wo may not see the beautiful treasures that are over and around us, and if our ears are dull of hearing, we may not even recognize the voices of the angels that are passing above us. And yet we need, in its fullest sense, these ministrations which shall lift us from worldly, sensual relations into those which are spiritual and heavenly. If the principle of doing right is engrafted into the heart, and an anxious care exercised that it may become permanently fixed, under the divine guidance of the good angels, then we may be quite sure that the peaceable fruits of righteousness will be manifested; accompanied as they may be with the divine love which culminates, so surely, in the beauty of holiness. Under this loving ministration we can work for failing humanity, as we believe God works for us. Work for and with mankind, in peace and good will, and work with them to build upon a foundation that we need have no fear of failure. Ju his fatherly kindness, 'God maketh the sun to shine upon the evil and the good.' The rain falls on the fields and meadows of the unjust, with the same impartiality as it does on those who denominate themselves just, or the heirs of God. No class becomes a specialty with inherited or acquired rights to monopolize the distribution of these great blessings. All these subtle discriminations that have been made in favor of some special geographical section, and in the invests of a self-constituted organization, must make their claims clear to others, or a doubt will becloud the mind. That there may have been many wonderful works of God, in the heavens and on the earth, and that they came for the advancement of the mind of man, and the establishing of his claim, as the highest and best of the creation of God, no one for a moment, could admit of a doubt. The whole creation of God, is a miracle of God. But to rest upcn these wonders and declarations as being of any direct benefit in the work of spiritual regeneration, would be as idle as to wish for Noah's ark as a model vessel for the present century. Divine teachers have told us that 'l light has come into the world,' and its presence, we know, quite well, is calculated to chase away all darkness. Dark sayings, legends, dreams, fables and every thing that will not bear the crucial test or a thorough investigation by the light which God has shed upon man. That which has proved satis/actory in the past, and worthy as a foundation upon which to build a religious order, falls by the way, and is soon hid from sirht, while that which is embodied in light and harmonizes with the best spiritual qualities of the mind, arises to lead man on to God. ' To be spiritually minded is life and peace.' The primitive Christians had learned this fact and anxiously and earnestly urged the church to live after the same manner. Paul had accepted the same fact. The disciples had learned it, for Jesus had taught it as the word of God. The multitude may pass carelessly along, in the broad way, reaping a reward corresponding to their lives; that ' to be carnally minded is death.' That they do not enjoy the light, is evident, and that they prefer the broad way is quite as evident from the manner in which they rush to obtain the pleasures of this earth. If the light which has come into this world can so influence our hearts, that we may be able to repent, and make ready the way of the Lord, make his paths straight, then we may be able to manifest to others of less faith, that the peaceable fruits of righteousness do claim our attention and that peace on earth, good-will to man, is the message which should inspire every Christian heart, as he anticipates the love and peace that is to reign on the earth in the millennial age.