The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker. No. 23. Published expressly for the several Communities of Believers in 1816. Re-written by Henry C. Blinn. Mother Ann and the Elders arrested and tried before a court of Justices. The Believers entered Richmond, Mass., July 24 1783, aud were received with great joy by the Brethren aud Sisters of this place, and also of Hancock. Their meetings were well attended and the general behavior of the strangers was remarkably good, during the first evening. On the second day a number of persons came and conducted very rudely, but were kept out of the house by the Brethren. A meeting was held on the 3rd. of August, and during the first part of the day the proceedings were very peaceful. Many, without doubt, came with honest intentions. Before the close of the day a change came over the people, and they manifested a very riotous disposition, scoffing and threatening, and some went so far as to beat and abuse the Believers. On Monday the numbers increased and they conducted themselves in an unbecoming and malicious manner, making accusations against Mother Ann and the Elders. A Baptist minister by the name of Rathburne, was the instigator and leader of this mob. He had at a former date, accepted the faith of the Believers, but after a few mouth's trial had apostatized and become very unkind. He entered the house with a part of his company, and began to revile Mother and the Elders, by calling them deceivers and false prophets. His own sou who heard this reproachful language, reproved his father. ' I think it is a shame,' said he, 'for a man of God, and a minister of the gospel of Jesus Christ, as you profess to be, to come here, at the head of a mob, to abuse an innocent people.' The reproof only aroused more anger and this minister not being able to say anything in the presence of the Elders, drew back to the door. He then mounted some steps and taking advantage of the position, he leveled several strokes, with a hickory staff, at his son's head, with such violence that his skull was laid bare nearly three inches in length. The next moment the cane was thrown upon the fire. The mob continued clamorous and abusive and seemed determined, by false accusations and hard speeches, to destroy, if possible, the testimony of the gospel. Mother Ann was taken into a carriage, unperceived by the mob, and returned to the home of Samuel Fitch. Soon after this the Elders walked out and passed on their way, singing and shouting as though they were in a place of the utmost security. One of the men who had been the most active in circulating slanderous reports about Father William Lee, came up and openly vented these lying accusations to his face. Father William paid no attention to him, but continued in the company of the Believers. The man then threatened to beat Father William if he was not awray from the place in fifteen mioutes. No attention, however, was paid to him, and the poor miserable creature soon sneaked from sight. The same evening the mob gathered at the house of Samuel Fitch and were very boisterous. The brethren reproved them for their ungodly conduct, but it was not accepted. Some of the Believers were handled roughly and some of them knocked dowu. John Deming sr. received a severe stroke on the head which caused the blood to flow profusely. This persecution brought much tribulation upon the Elders, and Mother Ann soon after remarked, ' I see a white hand stretched out toward me, which is a sign, and a promise of my protection.' As this wicked company had influenced the civil authority a warrant was issued to apprehend Mother Aun and the Elders, with others of the Brethren. The warrant was by Samuel Brown and delivered to Philip Cook, who was a constable. It was served upon Mother Ann, Father William Lee, Elder James Whittaker, Elizur Goodrich, Samuel and Dyer Fitch. After these were taken the mob was dispersed. Receiving their word that they would appear the next day, the Believers were permitted to remain at the house.