Books and Papers. Quarterly Review Hall's Journal of Health Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Wives and Daughters Vick's Floral Guide Shaker Theology THE LIBRARY MAGAZINE. The issue for December 10th contains the following important articles : The Catholic Revival of the Sixteenth Century, from the Quarterly Review. Science and the Bishops, by Prof. T. H. Huxley. The Theosophic Movement iu India, by Ilerr Ernst von Weber. Rural France, from the Edinburgh Review. Also brief articles from the Saturday Review on The Future of Canada, American and Indian Wheat, Queries for Journalists, and Debts of Honor. Single copies 3 cents; $1.00 per year. John B. Alden, Publisher, New York. Hall's Journal of Health. Jan. Contents: The New Year; Some seasonable Hints; Temporanzia; Dogbury down on the Rubbers; The Cocoanut Tree; Marriage as a Partnership; A Dream realized; Preservation of Health; A case in point; The Spleen; Food for young and old; Burial Reform. Office 206 Broadway, N. Y. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health. Jan. Contents: Louis Pasteur; Historic Scottish Homes; Notable People of the Day; Women who smuggle; Early Experiments in Mesmerism; Good Manners; A Tour of Search; Observations of a woman in Public Life: Polishing Diamonds; On Health; Anent Braces; Home Exercise, etc., etc. Fowler &amp; Wells Co. 775 Broadway, N. Y. ' Wives and Daughters,' an illustrated monthly, published at 2336 Washington street, Boston, is a beau ideal of a household journal, of sparkling literary and artistic merit, and In every way worthy of its dedication, ' To Pure Womanhood.' We unhesitatingly advise every Jady reader to send the publishers, Messrs. Holman &amp; Co., thirty-five cents for a trial subscription for three months accompanied by their beautiful reproduction, by photo-etching process, of Munkacsy's world famous painting, ' Christ Before Pilate.' VICK'S FLORAL GUIDE. A silver lining to every cloud! With the short dull days of early winter come the cheery holidays and Vick's beautiful annual, and lo! spriug already appears not far distant. We can almost see the greening grass and the blooming flowers. In the way of Catalogue, Vick's Floral Guide is unequaled in artistic appearance, and the edition of each year that appears simply perfect, is surpassed the next. New and beautiful engiavings, and three colored plates of flowers, vegetables, and grain, are features for the issue for 1888. Its lavendar tinted cover, with original designs of most pleasing effects, will ensure it a prominent place in the household and library. It is in itself a treatise on horticulture, and is adapted to the wants of all who are interested in the garden or house plants. It describes the rarest flowers and the choicest vegetables. If you want to know anything about the garden, see Vick's Floral Guide, price only 10 cents, including a Certificate good for 10 cents worth of seeds. Published by James Vick, Seedsman, Rochester, N. Y.