THE CHRISTIAN. Joseph Woods. 'All the ends of the earth shall see the salvation of God.' Isa. lii., 10. There is a great diversity among mankind, as to what the salvation of God is. Some regard the woi d of Jesus as a hard saying1. 'Be ye, therefore, perfect even as your Father in heaven is perfect.' Matt, v., 48. They take the same course the man did unto whom wras committed one talent. Others believe that they can sow to the flesh and not reap corruption, although the apostle has said, 'Be not deceived. God is not mocked. What a man soweth, that shall he also reap. If he sow to the flesh he shall reap corruption, but he that sowetli to the spirit shall of the spirit reap life everlasting.' Some who are enemies of the cross of Christ profess to believe that they can avoid reaping what they sow. They sow through the merit3 of Jesus, and their greatest desire is not to be saved from sin, but from the punishment due the sinner. This class profess to believe in the blood of Jesus. 'The blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth us from all sin,' John, i., 7. The blood is the life that he taught and lived. Except a man deny himself daily, and take up his cross and follow me, he cannot be my disciple. 1 have overcome the world. What constitutes the world? The works of the first Adam find no admittance. It was said of Jesus, He shall save his people from their sins. This is plain to be understood. ' If any man will do the will of G-od, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself. ' '' He that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.' Any professedly religious order whose principles and religious tenets if lived to, strictly, do not save its adherents from sin, it is good evidence that their order is not of Christ, for in his order, he saves his people from their sins. The apostle says, 'For as much then as Christ hath suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourselves likewise with the same mind, for he that hath suffered in the flesh, hath ceased from sin.' If we would be partakers of his salvation, we must be partakers of his sufferings, in deed and in truth. The Lord has promised that there should be a fountain opened to the house of David, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem for sin and uncleanness, which would be in its fulfillment the antitype of what was required of the Jews under the Levitical Law, whereby they in obedience thereto were accepted of God according to their day and time. Paul says, These all died in faith not having received the promises, but were persuaded of them and embraced them, and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth. St. Paul says those laws made nothing perfect, but the bringing in of a better hope, did, whereby we draw nigh unto God. Sin is all that separates the soul from God. He promised to give his people the valley of Achor for a door of hope. Achan had stolen and dissembled. Joshua stood as the representative of God, to the people, though not of the order of the priesthood. He said unto Achan, '' Give glory to the Lord God of Israel snd make confession, and tell me what thou hast done.' By the law, the penalty of such an offence was death. Joshua said, 'Why hast thou troubled us? The Lord shall trouble thee.' They brought Achan and his household into the valley, and all Israel stoned them to death. Achan was a type of the man of sin. Then shall that wicked be revealed whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit ot' his mouth and destroy with the brightness of his coming. 'He that covereth his sins, shall not prosper, but whoso confesseth and forsaketh them shall have mercy.' 'Confess your faults one to another and pray for one another that ye may be healed.' But, says the objector, I confess my sins to God, alone. This, however, does not agree with the type, wherein the valley of Achor was to be a door of hope. Who could reasonably suppose they could cover or hide anything from God, before whom all worlds, all created things, all thoughts, words and actions are open to view. 'There went out unto John all the land of Judea, and they of Jerusalem and were baptised of him in Jordan, confessing their sins.' Jesus came also, and was baptised of John, in Jordan, and at the same time he received the baptism of the Holy Spirit. John said of him. 'He that cometh after me, is mightier than I ; he shall baptise you with the Holy Spirit and with fire.' This is the antitype of the former baptism, as the Revelator saw it. The river of Judgment, 'Water of Life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb.' Agreeing with the vision of Ezekiel; the risen water which no man might pass over. In the Pentecostal Day, many that believed came and confessed and showed their deeds, and the apostle says, 'Ifwe confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.' The confession of sin, before the apostles, was the first step to take to gain admission into the Pentecostal Church. The Lord had said, by the prophet, that he would stain the pride of all glory of man, and bring into contempt all the honorable of the earth. 'If ye through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live.' It would seem that God had designed, from the time the Law of confession was gi^en to the Israelites, that it should restrain them through mortification and sacrifice, from evil and lead them by the eye of faith, to look forward to the gospel day, wherein they would be required, as Jesus said, to forsake all they had, even their own generative lives also. Canterbury, N. H.