SALVATION ARMY. From, the letter of Gen. Moore, in the Christmas War Cry. Salvation Army-, it is for you to give the helping hand, and, like Jesus, we must go to and help them that do not want us. Some people may wait to be invited, but Jesus went without an invitation, though there were some God-fearing, devoted souls among the Jews who looked for the consolation of the coming Messiah, and there are devoted souls all over ihe land in the churches, and they are all praying God to send us along. They see, they feel the dreadful need. Sons, daughters, husbands and wives daily coming to death's door without a ray of hope. Oh, 'for God's sake, for your own souls' sake, my comrades, look as God looks at these things. Think of these sin-bound slaves. We profess to believe that through the coming of our Jesus, who was born to work, God has put in our hands a lever that can hoist the singer from the lowest depths of sin and woe. If this is so, and thank God it is, woe to you and me if we let friends, money, health or creature-comfort stay our hands. The blood of brothers dying daily in sin must indeed go up into the ears of Him who so loved the world as to lay down his life for it. Woe to you, woe to me if we use not this lever of love to take right down to the lowest pit in which humanity lias sunk the glad tidings of deliverance. Nowhere in the Bible are we told to open doors, and if the people will come and hear us, very well. But the voice cries louder to day, 'Go! go! go! go!' Will you go, Major? will you go, Divisional Officer? will you go, Captains, Lieutenants, Cadets, fellow soldiers? Will you go to them in their homes, the saloons, the brothels, the gambling hells? We must have more ' go. ' Heed not the soulless tongues that say people will not like it. Will you like it when the Savior points you to a sinner doomed to hell, and says, 'That was your brother, lived in your town, worked in your mill. I gave you talents, I gave you pardon for the asking, but you never took him by the hand Your warm tears of entreaty never fell on his cheek. That man rode with you in the cars. You had covered up your salvation badges; you never spoke to him of Ills soul's danger: you smiled when the worldling used vile language. You simply said 'no' when he asked you to drink with him that cursed stuff that ruined his mind and body. You never told him you had found the living water?' [Remarks. Although we bave given to our readers, only a few of the good words that are found in the General's letter, we think this will show the burden of his mind, in regard to the cultivation of the religious element amon~; men. We are not Salvationists, after the order of the Army, and could not do the work, in which they are engaged. It is not our gospel mission. It belongs to the Saliationists to do just what they are doing, and it seems right that they should do the work in that manner that affords the best spiritual satisfaction. We can however, as much as wish them peace and prosperity in their self-denying work. We can do as much as to pray for them, that God in his merciful kindness, would guide and protect, as they march on their perilous journey. Some of us think it is a filthy act when a man throws his tobacco on the floor, of a dwelling, but what shall we say of men, belonging to a Christian nation who in their filthiness can throw their tobacco at those who are engaged in prayer? Indeed, we need the Salvationists. We need those determined, zealous soldiers to do that work and to present those truths of God which so many churchal Christians are ashamed to do. Ed.]