Books and Papers. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Williams and Clark Company Almanac Hall's Journal of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health. Feb. Contents: Dinah MulockCraik; Autographs; Notable People of the Day; The Heat Center; Evidences of a Spiritual Body; Human Organizations and Religion; A Guess at a Riddle of the Nineteenth Century; My Quilt a Reverie; Science, Labor, Unity, Conciliation; Some Observations by a Woman in Public Life; Medical Science; Imperfect in Results; Much more than a Centenarian; Child Culture, etc., etc. Fowler &amp; Wells Co. 775 Broadway, N. Y. IMPORTANT TO FARMERS. We have just received a beautiful large calendar from the old and reliable house of Williams &amp; Clark Co., Cotton Exchange Building, New York, who put out the purest and highest grade fertilizers now found on the market. They derive their raw material from the large slaughtering and packing houses wherein are killed the cattle, hogs, and sheep for the New York Markets, the waste all being utilized in making Dried Blood, Tankage, and Bone Meal; from these materials their fertilizers are made. The source of the raw material being thus constant, farmers are sure of getting the same kind and grade of material each year, as the formulas are not varied to suit the market price of different kinds of raw materials. Their Americus Brand is used largely in all the New England and Middle States. An important part of their business, also, is the preparation of High Grade Special Fertilizers for each particular crop. Farmers can make no mistake in buying these fertilizers; send to their address above for this almanac and circular. Respectfully yours, WILLIAMS &amp; CLARK CO. Hall's Journal of Health. Feb. Contents; William Eglinton; A Buddhist Missionary; The Castor Oil Plant; The Tobacco Habit; Psychometry as a Means of Diagnosis; The Habit of Kissing; Little Things that Kill; A Mathematical Prodigy; Good Rules for Winter; Mind Cure Convention, etc., etc. Office 206 Broadway, N. Y. $1. per year.