TESTIMONY OF DANIEL MOSELY. No. 2. I visited Mother Ann and the Elders three times while they were at Harvard. I also saw them at Ashfield, Richmond and Hancock, and always found in them the same spirit of meekness, temperance, kindness and charity; and they maintained the same powerful testimony against all sin and every evil work. Mother, indeed, abounded in the gifts of God, wherever she went. She gave the people much good instruction in things spiritual and temporal, exhorted them to put their hands at work and their hearts to God ; to pay all their just debts and rectify their wrongs, and to be kind and charitable to the poor. She instructed the Sisters in their duty, to manage their family affairs with prudence, neatness and good economy ; to bring up their children in the fear of God and set good examples before them, to dress and prepare their food in good order, that when their Brethren came in from their hard work, they might bless them, aud be able to kneel down together and give thanks to God. Great multitudes of Believers assembled in all the places where Mother Ann and the Elders visited, and were taught and instructed by them ; while many of the wicked gathered round, full of persecuting venom, stirring up 'lewd fellows of the baser sort,' to beat and abuse them for their faith, and belch out their oaths and blasphemies against Mother Ann and the Elders, and accuse them of drunkenness, witchcraft aud all manner of evil. These afflictions they had to suffer, more or less, in most of the places where they went to visit those who had embraced their testimony ; but they always bore them patiently, and often kneeled down aud prayed for their persecutors, that God would forgive them ; because they knew not what they were doing. When Mother Ann and the Elders first arrived in New Lebanon, from Hancock, they stopped at John Bishop's, where they tarried from Saturday till Monday. Here they spent the Sabbath and held a public meeting ; and the assembly of Believers and strangers was so great that the meeting was held in the orchard. Elder James delivered a very powerful discourse on the subject of humiliation. He was followed by Elder Joseph Meacham, Calviu Harlow and others, who spoke with great power of God. After speaking, the Believers went forth and worshiped God in singing and dancing. The exercises were solemn and powerful, and the numerous company of spectators were very attentive, and went away peaceably, without committing any act of outrage. Mother Ann spent more than a week in New Lebanon and Stephentown. During this time she visited a number of families of the Believers, who received much ^ood instruction from her, and enjoyed many Opportunities with her in worshiping and praising God. But the wicked, who were continually plotting mischief, at length raised a great mob and dragged her before Eleazer Grant, under a pretense of trial for disturbance. This was a mere mock-trial, instigated by the spirit of persecution, and in which cruel abuse was the disorder of the day, and it was carried to a shameful extent, without auy color of law. I was an eye witness of the scenes of that day, aud saw the transactions of the mob, from beginning to end. Mother was shamefully aud shockingly abused and Elder James had several of his ribs broken, and many of the Believers suffered badly. But as others have given a particular and correct account of these transactions, 1 shall pas?s them over, by only remarking that the spite aud malice of the wicked seemed to be leveled against Mother, whom they falsely charged with all manner of evil but I had sufficient opportunity to find out the character of Mother Ann and the Elders not only from my own personal knowledge and observation, but from the codstant intercourse kept up with them by great numbers of my friends and acquaintances for more than four years. After Mother Ann and the Elders left New Lebanon, I visited them several times at Watervliet; and always found the same testimony against all wickedness, and the same upright and godly example in all their conduct. The truth is, Mother Ann had the revelation of the Lord Jesus Christ given her to search out all the crooked windings of the serpent, and all the deceit of the devil, which has been so craftily diffused into the nature of man ; and she was thereby able to rend that glossy coveriug which, like a mantle, they have spread over their works of concupiscence. By this means she was enabled to unmask all the base and unclean desires and deceitful wantonness of both male and female, and detect all those alluring charms of lust by which they entice and deceive each other. She declared these shameful gratifications to be the cause of all those base and wicked abominations which corrupted the human race, and filled the earth with deceit, hypocrisy, fraud, knavery, covetousness, injustice, theft, robbery, dissipation, idleness, contention and strife ; and from whence proceed hatred, envy, jealousy and murder among individuals, and war and bloodshed, destruction and rapine among nations. ' These things,' said she, '-are the fruits of the flesh, which bring distress and poverty, shame and disgrace upon families and individuals, and fill the earth with wretchedness and misery.' And according to her testimony, they are doomed to everlasting condemnation. But those who willingly bear the cross of Christ, and endure the purifying fire of Zion, which purifies the soul, will be crowned with everlasting salvation. The wricked hated that testimony, which struck so powerfully against their iniquitous practices and they could not endure it. Indeed Mother's testimony was ofteu so powerful as to make sinners tremble in her presence, like a leaf in the wind. Yet the wicked would belie her most shamefully, as though she had been guilty of their own abominations, and they had lived in innocence ! But if any are able to believe that pure streams of water can flow from a corrupt and filthy fouutain, that a poisonous tree can yield good fruit, or that grapes are the natural fruit of thorn-bushes, and figs grow on thistles, then they are welcome to believe all the ridiculous and inconsistent reports that are abroad in the world concerning Mother Ann and her followers. All who are acquainted with this Society will readily admit that the fruits of it are good, and are firmly established in good works ; and yet many will insist, and affect to believe, that its principles are wrong, that they originated in error, and of course that we are built on a false foundation. How unreasonable and inconsistent, not to say downright foolish, such opinions must appear to every rational and reflecting mind ! and are not good grapes the best proof in favor of the good vine that bore them? and when the branches flourish and yield good fruit, then v\ e know the root is sound and good. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. 1826.