LOVE AND RIGHTEOUSNESS. Oliver C. Hampton. A DEAR friend, for what purpose I am not informed, has lately requested me to write an article on the above subject Love is one of the dual principles or elements of the Heavenly Father and Mother, the other being Wisdom or Intelligence. In these two are contained every variety of virtue, every possible or conceivable good in Heaven and Earth, into whatsoever names they may be divided, such as Purity, Honesty, Grace, Kindness, etc., etc. Love and Righteousness stand to each other therefore, in the relation of cause and effect. The first is principle, the second practice. If I can by any means develop in my spirit the love of God, of Jesus, of Mother, as a well of water springing up into everlasting life, I shall not be in the least afraid but that all my actions will culminate in righteousness. This is my desire above all things on this earth and the only sublime desideratum in my estimation which makes existence worth having. I think that unequivocal obedience to the visible Order or anointing of the Church, established by our gracious infinite Father and Mother, and in accordance with the great law of the Universe enunciated by Saint Paul (viz.,) 'Without all contradiction, the less is blest of the better,' is the only safe and sure path to travel, in the attainment of true and eternal righteousness, purity and all the virtues. For this, obedience subdues the unregenerate man within the limits of God's mercy and love, while as it seems to me, nothing else will. But, O, what a tremendous selfsacrifice it is to learn to love our enemies. Still I believe it possible, because I have to some extent attained unto this most precious giftWhen I was quite a young man I was at work in a Brickyard. We hung our clean clothes on one side of a little shanty and our fatigue dresses on the other. One young chap amongst us proceeded to hang his soiled clothes with our clean ones. I requested him to remove them to the opposite side, in what I thought was a kind Christian spirit. He refused, and when he left the shanty I removed the -aid offending garments to their proper place. This incensed him and he wrought upon me a very summary retaliation. O how very angry and wicked I felt for a moment! But the next moment I thought of Christ and his life, spirit and precepts ; and here, now, thought I is an excellent chance to prove my sincerity and also the efficacy of love and frank forgiveness. So I treated the young Brother with even more softness and courtesy of manner than ordinary. The moment I resolved on this, forgiveness flowed to him like a river and I had nothing in the world against him. After two or three days he could stand it no longer, but came and humbly asked my forgiveness. I told him I had nothing to forgive, that I had forgiven him three minutes after the offence was committed. Said he, 'Nothing would have reached my case only your uniform kindness since the difficulty arose. That was more than I could stand.' Hereupon perfect union was permanently restored, and ever since that scene I have tried very hard to carry out that most benign principle of Christian love and forgiveness. This I call one form at least of practical righteousness. 'He that dwelleth in love, dwelleth in God and God in him.' What greater boon can we possibly possess than this unspeakable blessing of Christian love flowing out in all directions, in acts, words and thoughts of practical righteousness? From a long experience I feel as if I could recommend all and especially the young to sell all they have and buy this diadem of inimitable glory and beauty. Union Village, Ohio.