The Gospel Testimony of Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, William Lee and James Whittaker. No. 26. Published expressly for the several Communities of Believers in 1816. Re-written by Henry C. Blinn. Re-written by Henry C. Blinn. Mother Ann and the Elders carried before Eleazur Grant. She was treated cruelly, and driven from Uew Lebanon. Mother Ann and the Elders reached New Lebanon, Sept. 2, 1783. The day following, a mob began to collect before the rising of the sun, and surrounded the house. Many of the enemies of the cross of Christ in New Lebanon had learned of the arrival of the Believers, and were watching for the first opportunity to express their malicious rage, on the return of the Elders to this town. The mob consisted of two companies. One was directed by N. Fitch, captain of militia, the other by T. Tanner, also a captain of militia. Others distinguished themselves and appeared much more open in their abuse than the real leaders of the mob. Presenting a warrant, they seized George Darrow and David Meacham, and charged them with having abused the daughter of David Meacham. This criminal act was chosen to cover the real object, which was to get these two men from the house, and have them placed in confinement. This would prevent them from assisting Mother Ann and the Elders, who were stopping at the same place. They knew that the mob would have much more power to act if the Brethren were not present, as David was a man of great fortitude and influence, and George was the owner of the house. These two Brethren were taken before a justice of Peace, Eleazur Grant, for trial, while David Darrow and Richard Spier were left in care of the dwelling. David and Richard informed the mob of their authority to protect the house, and expostulated with them upon the unlawfulness of their conduct. These evil-doers felt no disposition to parley about the matter, as they were determined on violence, without regard to law or justice. The Believers collected as fast as the mob did, and went into the dwelling which was soon filled. The building had three doors leading from the several rooms into the street or yard, and these were all guarded by the Believers. The mob commenced their acts of violence by attempting to force a passage into all the doors, at once. The Brethren forbid their entrance and again urged the unlawfulness of such proceedings, but in vain. Their conduct was like ravenous wolves. They seized the Brethren, one after another, and dragged some of them from the house, by their hair, with the most savage violence. Richard Spires was forced three times from a door and thrown forcibly upon the ground, while others were caught up by several of these savages and pitched head foremost, with great violence, into the yard, or into pools of water. By this treatment their clothes were often much defaced or sadly torn. After a conflict of about twenty minutes the mob obtained an entrance into the house. Mother Ann and some of the Sisters were in one of the back rooms, iri*to which place these cruel men attempted to enter. Several Brethren stood guard at the door, but after a severe struggle the mob succeeded in breaking down the partition between the rooms, and seizing Mother Ann, dragged her, in a shameful manner, through the house and threw her headlong into a carriage. Two Sisters who followed her, however, succeeded in getting into the same carriage. Eliab Harlow acted as their guide. They had not driven more than three or four rods, when some one cut off the reins. Eliab then led the horse a short distance, when the mob surrounded the carriage, and beating him off, guided the horse themselves, and drove furiously to the residence of the justice, Eleazur Grant. A young man was heard to remark, 'These people have a power that we know nothing about. It is the power of God that carries that woman along in such a manner.' He then invited Prudence Hammond to ride with him, as she was walking by the side of the carriage. Mother Ann cautioned Prudence not to be enticed, but to maintain her faith, and endure to the end. While crossing a narrow bridge upon the side of a steep bill, some reckless creatures from the body of the mob, attempted to upset the carriage, but were prevented by o'je of the Brethren. The man who was the most active in this business, fell down the precipice and received some slight injuries. The same man attempted to pull Elder James Whittaker from his horse, among the rocks by the road side. One of the Brethren, instantly caught Elder James and partially saved him from the fall, which proved so severe as to fracture three of his ribs. It was with great difficulty that he was able to proceed on his journey. The distance from the residence of George Darrow to that of Eleazur Grant was one and one half mile, and during the whole of this journey, the mob strove to keep the Believers back, by beating mid abusing them, but were not able to effect their purpose. Mother Ann was very roughly forced into the house of Eleazur Grant and her clothes badly torn, much to her own discomfort and sorrow. Elder James was strongly persuaded to enter a complaint against Thomas Law for his abusive treatment to the Believers, while on the journey, but was dissuaded by Mother Ann who counseled him to labor to be comfortable and peaceable. The trial of George Darrow and David Meacham, occupied several hours. The complaint which originated in malice and was prosecuted through envy, ended in a sham or mock trial, and was evidently designed to cover greater deeds of persecution and personal abuse. When justice Grant had disposed of this case, he had Mother Ann brought before him and called upon her to hear the indictment: but instead of attending to the false accusations brought against her by her enemies, and which it was in vain to counterplead before a mob tribunal, and before an unjust judge whose only object was to persecute the Believers, she reproved him for sitting as a magistrate and suffering such riotous mobs to abuse innocent people, contrary to the 1 ,w, without attempting to suppress them. The Justice, unable to bear this reproof, ordered his constable to take Mother Ann to a new house, which he was then building and put her under keepers. Three men, in a very abusive manner led her to the new place of confinement.