Juvenile. Dear Children:--'Be faithful unto death... Enfield, Conn., 1888. Dear Children:--'Be faithful unto death and you will receive a crown of life,' a crown more valuable than all the jeweled ones of earth. There is no promise of reward without faithfulness. ' It is only those who are faithful in a few things who will be faithful over many things; only those who do their duty in every-day and trivial matters who will fulfill them on greater occasions.' By doing little things well, you will be trusted with more important ones. .'Well begun is well half done.' Life is made up of little things, and they seem such very small things; but who can tell for how much they may count in the end? Attention to little duties just as scru pulously as to great ones, must be the practice. Present duties well performed insure real happiness. There is an opportunity given you to perform every duty, and it is only by daily and hourly devotedness that you can progress heavenward. For every departure from duty you have to pay in suffering. There is so much comprised in being faithful. You must 'put your hands to work and give your hearts to God,' and a reward will be yours according to your merits. It requires energy and courage to be faithful at all times, even though you have started with every strong resolution. Often you grow careless and are drawn aside by sinful pleasures, which if indulged in become hindrances to self-denying work. Sometimes your feet grow weary and your hearts faint, and you finally feel tempted to give up the struggle for the promised crown. A crown of life is too valuable to lose. You should have faith in the cross-bearing work and then devote your best energies to it, if you would succeed. You should trust in God for help and guidance, and let no evil influence lead you astray. You must have the courage to stand firm in trials and opposition, turning neither to the right nor the left. The Christian's crown 'is a joy forever.' Spare no pains to win it. You must win the crown before you ivear it; win it by selfdenying struggles. No crown without the cross. Master self. Be steadfast, true. Confront difficulties with patience and perseverance. Neglect no duty and never be discouraged. ' Let your polar star be duty and your motto truth and right ' Soon may end your earthly labors. Too soon for duties left undone. With face heavenward discarding all wrong, be faithful in duty while active and strong. Your Brother, Daniel Orcutt. Acrostic from 1 Peter. Seeing ye have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the Spirit unto unfeigned love of the brethren, see that ye love one another with a pure heart fervently, i., 22. Use hospitality one to another without grudging, iv., 9. Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake : whether it be to the king, as supreme; ii., 13. |f so be ye have tasted that the Lord is gracious, ii., 3. Every man h'lth received the gift, even so minister the same one to another, as good stewards of the manifold grace of God. iv., 10. To an inheritance incorruptible, and undefiled, and that fadeth not away, reserved in heaven for you. i., 4. Honor all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. ii., 17. Of which salvation the prophets have inquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should com'1 unto you. i., 10. Moreover I will endeavor that ye may be able, after my decease, to have these things always in remembrance. 2 Peter i., 15. And who is he that will harm you, if ; e be followers of that which is good? iii., 13. So be ye holy in all manner of conversation. L, 15. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. WHAT TO TEACH BOYS. A philosopher has said that true education for boys 'is to teach them that they ought to know when they become men.' What is it they ought to know then? First, to be true, to be genuine. No education is worth any thing that does not include this. A man had better not know how to read, he had better never learn a letter in the alphabet, and be true and genuine in intention, in action, rather than, being learned in all the sciences and languages, to be at the same time false in heart and counterfeit in life. Above all things, teach the boy that truth is more than riches, more than culture, more than earthly power or position.. Second, to be pure in thought, language, and life, pure in mind and both . x\n impure man, young or old, poisoning society where he moves with indecent ,-t:&gt;r-kv- and impure example, is amoral ulcer, a plague ^pot, a leper, who ought to he treated as the lepers of old, who were banished from society, and compelled to cry 'Unclean, ' as a warning to save others from the pestilence. Third, to be unselfish, to care for the feelings and comforts of others; to be generous, noble, and manly. This will include a genuine reverence for the aged and things sacred. Fourth, to be self-reliant and self-helpful, even from childhood; to be indu trious always, and self-supporting at the earliest proper age. Teach them that all honest works are honorable, and that an idle, useless life of indolence in others is disgraceful. When a boy has learned these four things, when he has made these ideas a part of his being, however young he may be, however poor or however rich, he has learned some of the most important things he ought to know about a man, Selected.