AVARICE. M. J. Anderson. Oh human heart, by avarice calloused grown. Till all unfeeling as the pulseless stone. Behold the miser ! his personal appearance is the outgrowth of the meanness of his soul. His gaunt form, hollow cheek, sunken eye, and angularity of features, are the expression of his mentality. His head is broad in the region of acquisitiveness and secretiveness, and slopes backward in the upper frontal dome, where benevolence should nobly rise, as if to look forward to the sphei'e oi' its duties and activities in the great world of need. I had almost said that reverence was quite deficient, but one thing he venerates, and that is gold ; it is his God, idealized and worshiped iu the form of dollars, as truly as was the molten calf of the ancient Israelites. As a child, he was selfish and accumulative in disposition, and all through his long life, the one thought has haunted his waking and sleeping hours, that of hoarding money. Every cent has been eagerly grasped and grudgingly parted with, even for the barest necessities of existence. He shivered in rags, while secretly gloating over heaps of shining metal, which he counted again and again, and laid away in obscure hiding places of the miserable dwelling which he inhabits ; ever wary and suspicious lest covetous eyes should discover the place of his treasure. And so he has lived, warped in mind and soul; fruitless in every good virtue, that makes life beautiful, and mankind happj ; for he never had a generous thought toward another, (if we judge by his deeds ;) never extended the hand of charity to the needy and unfortunate, never blessed his own soul by blessing others. And when he goes the way of all mortality, he will undoubtedly feel as did the selfish woman, when the physician told her that her time of dissolution was near. 'What, die and leave my gold, my precious treasure ? never ! and she expired with a death grasp on all she could hold in her hands. So he w 1 deeply lament that he must leave it all behind, the accumulation of a life time, to be scattered by lavish hands ; that which he might have used in blessing the needy and enlarging his own soul. It is indeed his only treasure, for he has garnered none in the world to which he teuds. He will find no bright flowers that have blossomed from kindly deeds ; no sweet fountains that have welled up from heartsprings of goodness ; no happy mansion reared of the white stones of truth chiseled and polished by untiring service in the good of humanity. He lacks all these adornments in his immortal home, because his earth life has not been spent aright. Loug years may elapse after he has doffed the mortal, before he awakes to a consciousness that there is something better to live aud strive for, not until then will he begin to rise superior to barren surroundings, and through suffering and repentance, seek to tread those nobler walks, where happified and exalted spirits fulfill their unselfish mission of continual service to others. But it is far better to begin that labor here, so that we may look back with satisfaction on our earthly career. Not the riches we have left behind, but the treasures we have sent before, will recommend us to the society of the good and just. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.