WHAT IS LIFE? Abraham Perkins. This is a problem easily solved. Life is simply what we make it. To every individual, it is that in which he has the greatest element, that to which he gives his powers for support. He who conscientiously lives to the principles of truth and honesty as he comprehends those principles, he whose motto and purpose is purity of heart is near to God ; his life is saintly and holiness unto the Lord will be written upon all his possessions ; even upon the bells of his horses and upon his pots and vessels for domestic use, holiness unto the Lord will be inscribed. Not only the heart and every faculty of soul and body are consecrated, but all that he claims of earth is dedicated unto the Lord, to be used only in support of the principles which give birth to true righteousness. Hence to that individual, life becomes Christian ; it is the resurrection, the Christ life. That soul has received the baptism of the Heavens, becomes a subject of the Kingdom and joint heir with Christ. By his influence, society is blest and the world is made better from his existence iu it. Again ; he who seeks life on the animal plane, who gives support to that which excites natural appetites and passions, that which merely gives pleasure or satisfaction for the present or for time, such life is animal; no higher in the scale of creation than that of the beasts that perish. Yea, his rank is even lower than that of the brute which has respect to the law of nature, while the natural man ignores it. The life of such a man is a blank ; he had better never been born ; his doom is execration ; and as his life helps to lower all within the radius of his influence, he is a curse to humanity. From the throne of God the fiat has gone forth, that man shall be judged according to the deeds done in th3 body. Judgment rests there. Thus it remains for man, as a free agent, to choose what his life shall be ; and then without crying the burden of the Lord, accept the reward of his labors as an act of justice. Enfield, N. H.