DUTY. There are duties which become imperative to the Christian ; which should follow him through every vocation of life, and form an element in which he may find peace and righteousness, the predominating part. It is not sufficient that he make a profession of sanctity above that o his neighbors or becomes the earnest advocate for a special formula ot prayer. That may be all very well in its place to help fill up the days and years of our pilgrimage, but its real worth cannot be rated very highly in the cultivation of good, or in the eradicating of evil influences. Righteousness is essentially the work demanded of all who name the name of Christ. This may never be confined within the boundaries of any human system, let that be temporal or spiritual; but it finds its legitimate sphere in all the life of man. It grows and flourishes, in its beauty of holiness, in the rendering of email obligations, carefully, faithfully and honestly, as well as in those of more importance. In the making of a basket, no less than in the building of a house ; in the cultivation of a few vegetables, no less than in the cultivation of the Public Gardens. Sometimes these lesser duties have been cast aside as of secondary importance and an uudue anxiety manifested to reach after the affairs of greater magnitude, with the unwarranted hope of superior benefits, to both body and mind. The hope, however, is illusive. Whoever wins the race, must move along, step by step, till he reaches the goal. Let us bear in remembrance the lesson of the divine Teacher, so necessary to our success. ' Thou hast been faithful over a few things I will make thee ruler over many,' and, If therefore, ye have not been faithful in the unrighteous mammon, who will commit to your trust the true riches ? This lesson so simple and yet so fraught with wisdom, covers our journey through life and will accompany us into the City of our God. Our anticipation of the true riches should be an incentive through which to become established on a good and permanent foundation. To the growing mind of youth, as to those of more mature age, this lesson of faithfulness has a direct application. It is in the heart of the virtuous youth, that the germs of purity of spirit, chastity of body and integrity in every duty, finds a congenial resting place, which will at a future date develop into a child of God, and into a preacher of righteousness. Other precious ministrations from able teachers come readily to our aid as we dwell with increasing pleasure upon the Christian's duty. Let us ask ourselves the same question that occupied the mind of the apostle James, as he illustrated to his hearers the impossibility of following two masters, God and mammon: or ' to be carnally minded' which i; is death,' and at the same time attempt 'to be spiritually minded,' which ' is life and peace.' ' Can the fig tree, my brethren, yield olives, or a vine figs? neither can salt water yield sweet.' The Apostle brought out a lesson in this illustration that every one can'readily comprehend, and by which he may compare his own life. It would be extremely foolish for any one to attempt to obtain figs from a grape vine, and equally as foolish to think that the fruits of righteousness will be found in a life of unrighteousness. God's word is one of mercy and yet of strict justice. Childhood, youth and mature age are alike confronted with this irrevocable law. ;t Whatsoever a man soweth that also shall he reap.' To this decree there is no palliation. Even though the ' sentence against an evil work is not executed speedily,' in all cases, it must assuredly come, for whatsoever a man soweth that also shall he reap. Having this fact so clearly presented to us, as it is by the minister of God, the apostle, is there not an imperative duty ever present with the true disciple, to make his own life harmonize with the life of Christ? Indeed, it should be his meat and his drink to work earnestly and faithfully in the interest of other souls, that they may be harvested from the elements of the world and induced to enter into the kingdom of God on the earth.