FAITH AND WORKS. Marion Johnson. These, the Apostle tells us, should be combined in their operations, or they are useless. A true and living faith, could not fail to bring forth corresponding works ; because it would so influence the mind, that its outward manifestations would be in accordance therewith, and it would be wholly unnecessary to inquire of the faith of such an one, for their daily deportment would reveal it; whether it was to serve God. and to overcome the power of evil in themselves ; or whether it was to give their best affections and all their faculties to the service of the world. Whichever course they take, their faith is clearly exhibited by the line of conduct they pursue. In this progressive age of the world, while an ever increasing light reveals our inner life, more and more, exposing every hidingplace of the adversary, and opening in a clearer vision (he perfect principles of the gospel of salvation by a daily cross, should we bring forth the fruits of holiness, in our lives and actions ; thereby glorifying God, by showing our likeness to Him. The Apostle says furthermore 'with the heart man believeth unto righteousness, and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation,' thus showing that it was not enough to have a right faith, based on a firm and solid foundation ; but it must be carried into practice, by an honest confession of all in the life, that was contrary thereto. It makes very little difference what we believe, while it remains a mere passive belief, aud is never actualized in our life, for we are told that the devils believe and tremble. In our life, we show our faith by our works, by pursuing those measures which wTe have reason to believe will bring about the desired result. The farmer sowo his seed in the spring-time in the full expectation of reaping an abundant harvest, and thus in every department of life. Every one may have a belief in something ; it may be, in the eternal principles of truth aud goodness, virtue and religion ; but of what avail is it, if it does not lead to a purer life, to higher aspirations, to nobler motives, and to a course of conduct diametrically opposed to that which they would naturally lead ; or, they may, on the other hand, from a lack of a conviction deep enough, or from force of circumstances or policy, or some other motive, act directly contrary to that belief. In either case, their faith is dead, beiog alone, without corresponding works to quicken it into life and action; and therefore can never prove a saving and vitalizing power to the soul. This is what, we as Believers are endeavoring to carry out; to make practical our religion, even in the smallest minutiae of life ; showing our holy faith, by bringing forth the works of righteousness. Canterbury. N. H.