Four Queries about the Shakers. No. 3. Chancy Dibble. United Inheritance. How can the followers of Christ be other than one people with one interest ? The divisions, parties and persuasions that exist in Christendom are a surprise to every honest inquirer. That Christians are divided and at strife, each sect interpreting scripture differently ; Christian nations warring against each other, by authority, from the same God and Savior. It needs a religion other than this or it must go down. Good morality is better. If Christianity does not produce a more equal and happy condition of society than exists outside of it then it is a failure. If it does not administer to the wants of its needy subjects and provide a home for the widows and orphans it does not fulfill its mission. If in the churches are found all classes from the richest aristocrat down to the poorest orphan in rags, then it is not the same gospel that was preached and planted by the Apostles, nor the same which Jesus taught. Christianity is founded upon love. There can be no true Christians save those who are brothers and sisters, sharers in all the spiritual and temporal blessings of which the church is in possession. We know there are sincere hearts in every church, praying for an increase of purity and brotherly love. We cannot ignore these principles or be perfect Christians without them. When Jesus said to the young man one thing lackest thou, ' Go sell all thou hast, and give to the poor, he turned away sorrowful, for he had great possessions, ' but Jesus did not call him back and flatter him, but remarked, 'how hardly shall those who have riches enter the kingdom of Heaven. ' He did not mean a heaven away in the sky. Heaven is a union of pure, intelligent spirits in the body or out. Such have the means to make and enjoy heaven anywhere. Jesus meant, as we suppose, how hard it is for those who have riches to come into an association where all are equal; where all is love. Not that a rich man, on leaving the earth, will be doomed to endless misery, but riches are an obstruction to the man's spiritual travel. They give him opportunities for selfishness, ease and worldly ambition. Jesus realized that his followers must be brothers, therefore, he declared the impossibility of the case; but, he adds, with man it is impossible ; with God all things are possible. Signifying that the kind Father would reveal means to save all classes. Not because he was rich should he be a castaway, neither because he was poor. Jesus understood that all should be made equal, that the rich should lay down their substance for the support of the poor, in order to become one association. This was the order of the Apostolic church. This mutual consecration will take place wherever the same gospel is maintained. There is no atonement short of a life of righteousness. Between Lazarus and the rich man, there is a gulf, so long as selfishness exists ; this must be sacrificed or we feel the flames of a guilty conscience more and more both in this life and the other. Watervliet, N. Y.