SAUL. Louis Basting. Dark is the night that shrouds the camp Whence Hebrew war-shouts ring, But darker is the night that clouds The mind of Saul the king. Philistia's hosts have come again With sword and lance and shield; And Israel's war-like tribes have come To meet them in the field. 'Tis night, dark night, but Saul does wake, For dark forebodings harrow, And make him fear and doubt the fate And issue of to-morrow. The ancient oracles are dumb ; Dark is the mercy seat; No prophet lives to raise his voice For victory or defeat. Behold a swiftly gliding troop Of horsemen speeds away; For Endor are the horsemen bound, They ride without delay. There, in a cavern dark and deep, Inspiring fear and dread, A woman often converse keeps With spirits of the dead. To her the midnight riders come, Soon is their errand told; With Samuel, the departed priest, They would communion hold. But fear constrains the seeress, Her art she will not ply ; 'I know thou art the king,' she said, 'Now must I surely die.' 'Fear not,' said Saul, 'thou art secure, No harm shall thee befall, If thou but wilt obey my wish The spirit forth to call.' Then through the gloom, the awful gloom, A form is seen to rise, And Samuel's face, stern and severe, Appears before his eyes. 'What woulds't thou, Saul! to call me thus, Disturbing my repose? ' The trembling king bows low, and speaks His purpose to disclose : 'My spirit is in sore distress, The foe is all around, Jehovah has forsaken me, No prophet can be found. 'Tis counsel and advice I seek Of thee, my friend of yore; What I must do make known to me, As thou hast done before.' 'Why seek advice of me, when God Is not upon thy side ; Thy deeds have ripened up and now Thy judgment must abide. Behold, thy kingship slialt depart And Israel captive be ; Before to-morrow's sun shalt set Thou shalt be here with me.' Thus spoke the hoary spirit-priest And vanished in the gloom, But Saul in mighty grief fell down Beneath his dreadful doom. The morning dawned, the battle raged, But Israel could not stand; And Saul the king, in his despair Fell by his own high hand. Thus learn, O man, that all thy plans Thy conscience can approve ; With God and Right upon thy side, Straight forward be thy move. Hancock, Mass.