FAITH. Mary H. Caswell. 'Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.' ' Without faith it is impossible to please God.' lleb. The passages above quoted, beside many other scripture texts in favor of this virtue, teach that this living, practical faith is so essential to the development of a truly Christian character that it is impossible to reach this desired eminence without its attainment. 'Faith is a gift of God,' said the beloved apostle James, and who that has received a small measure even, of this precious gift can dispute its divine origin ? It is to the soul a manifestation of infinite love. 'Waters cannot quench it nor floods drown it.' Emanating from God, it partakes of his attributes in its omnipresence, as an undying, unfailing motor for soul-guidance, shining above the pathway of the traveler like some fixed star never sinking below his mental horizon, thus never lost to veiw; and blessed indeed is he unto whom it proves a 'savor of life unto life.' If regarded, it shines a beacon light to the soul, if disregarded, condemnation as the shadow of an avenging spirit. May I, with all others who have been blest with this beautiful guide, have the genuine courage and willing obedience to follow wherever it leads, until we arrive at that point where 'faith is lost in sight,' and hope gives place to substance. There are many striking illustrations of faith recorded in biblical history which inspire reverence for those ancient seers who proved so loyal to its teaching. Good father Abraham, when called of God to slay 'his son, his only son, Isaac,' went seemingly without a protest to the sacrificial altar, sustained by faith alone; thus proving his implicit trust in that God who had power to test his love to the utmost. With what childlike wonder the youthful Isaac addressed his father, 'My father, behold the fire and the wood, but where is the lamb for a burnt offering ?' No human heart, not in possession of this faith divine could have answered the harrowing question of the innocent child with such apparent calmness and holy trust, ' My son, God will provide himself a lamb for the burnt offering' but God's mercy is ever manifest in life's severest trial, and at this supreme moment it is stated that an angel called to him from Heaven, saying, ' Lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do thou anything unto him, for now I know that thou fearest God, seeing thou hast not withheld thy son, thine only sou, from me.' As in this instance, when obedience to faith triumphed, may I and we do likewise and likewise triumph. In contrast to the perfect faith of Abraham was the fear and trembling displayed by Peter when bidden by Jesus to walk upon the water. In his human weakness he cried out, 'Lord save me !' Jesus in fullness of faith, stretched forth his hand with this mild rebuke, 'O thou of little faith, wherefore didst thou doubt?' Both of these lessons are profitable for us to consider and make application in our attempts to find progress in a spiritual life, which are sure to prove a failure unless we come iuto possession of this active faith, by which priceless gift, if combined with good works, we shall manifest that our choice is '' thy will not mine be done.' May future days give evidence that we have been guided by the spirit of the humble petition we now sincerely sing. 'Breathe on our souls, 0 Lord, we pray, The strengthening power of faith, Arrest our footsteps in the way That leadeth down to death. For what is life, without thy grace To mould each living act? And what is joy without the smile Of God to approbate?' Canterbury. N. H.