THE MILLENNIUM. The looking forward to the glorious fruition of the gospel of Christ, is one of the incentives to a life of self-denial and the cross. Through the buoyancy of hope we see and hear the anticipated glories of the millennial age. Some are already stepping over the threshold into the house of many mansions and can hear the songs of victory which so unerringly proclaim a thousand years of peace ; can see the oncoming hosts who have laid their lives down, and now are cheerfully and zealously fighting the battles of the Lord, while others, less fortunate are not permitted to see this glorious light that is to illumine the whole world. The inspiration of this hope was signally voiced by the apostle when the vision of the church of Christ burst upon his mind, and he saw it in transcendent glory, not having spot or wrinkle, but holy, and without blemish. Some in visions equally beautiful, have seen the companies of the redeemed, whose robes have been washed to whiteness, whose songs were those of praise, and whose lives were of thanksgiving and joy, dwelling in the beauty of holiness. In the culmination of all these prophesies, looking toward the blissful future where the knowledge of the Lord shall cover the earth as the waters cover the sea, and when righteousness will be established in the souls of men, making the kingdoms of this world, the kingdoms of our Lord. This pleasant illustration of the millennium, made beautiful by so many spiritual blessings and then so freely proffered to us for our acceptance, can be obtained only upon the fulfillment of certain conditions. The kingdoms of our Lord are to be in this world, among men, and to claim an heirship one must do no less than did the apostle when he said, 'I glory not, save in the cross of our Lord, Jesus Christ, by which I am crucified to the world and the world to me.' It is a contest against all the elements of a sinful life. A spiritual warfare to obtain a victory over our own personal enemies. The millennium can come, only as souls establish the principles of the life of Christ among men. Selfishness must give place to that which is higher and better. ' Not my will, but thine, 0 God, be done.' All that a man hath must be consecrated to the service of God, yea, and even his whole life. If the New Jerusalem is to come down from God out of heaven and God is to dwell with men and they are to be his people, then we ought to have some thought about the order and government that is to be exercised in this new, spiritual home. We might suppose it would be godly, full of mercy and loving kindness, and those who may choose to accept a residence in this heavenly abode, must become of this same order of mind. Men who are under the direct, daily government of God, may be expected to be filled with the '' wisdom that comes from above, gentle, easy to be entreated, full of mercy and good traits.' It is not honorable to accept a leader, an acknowledged Savior, and then neglect to follow him, as he carefully conducts us away from the snares and pitfalls that are found so near the path in which we are expected to travel. We very well know that he will walk in the way of righteousness and peace, and our promise demands that we should cheerfully bear him company on the heavenly journey. Beautiful promises are held out for our acceptance which assures to us an hundred fold of every earthly blessing for our happiness and comfort on our pilgrimage through this life, and then bears to us this greater promise, 'In the world to come, eternal life.' The story of the selfish man, so well illustrated in Pilgrim's Progress, should afford us a worthy lesson. Giving his whole time to the gathering of earthly treasures, he failed to look above his head, and see the angels that were offering good and precious gifts to all who would accept them. Earthly hopes and earthly loves were the treasures to be coveted, while that which was from above, from God and from his ministering angels was allowed to pass unnoticed. This class was evidently included when Jesus made the remark, 'Verily, I say unto you, they have their reward.' They certainly have what they can obtain from the earth, but are unable to see or to enter into the New Jerusalem, the spiritual abode of the sons and daughters of God.