Juvenile. ACROSTIC. Promises from the Scriptures. Fear thou not; for I am with thee : be not dismayed; for I am thy God : Isaiah xli., 10. Rejoice, and be exceeding glad : for great is j-our reward in heaven : for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. Matt, v., 12. Every man's work shall be made manifest for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire and the fire shall try every man's work, of what sort it is. 1 Cor. iii., 13. Draw nigh to God, and He will draw nigh to you. James iv., 8. Delight thyself also in the Lord and He shall give thee the desires of thy heart. Ps. xxxvii., 4. If we confess our sins he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. 1 John i., 9. Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man the things which God hath prepared for them that love him. 1 Cor.ii., 9. Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Acts li. 38. Every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or lands, for my name's sake shall receive a hundred fold, and shall inherit everlasting life. Matt, xix., 29. Evil men understand not judgment but they that seek the Lord understand all things. Prov. xxviii., 5. Cod so loved the worli, that He gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. John iii., 16. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. IF YOU WOULD BE HAPPY. Beware of the man of two faces. Persevere against discouragement. Take a cheerful view of everything. In all promised pleasures, put self last. Trust in God and mind your own business. Pray for a short memory as to all unkindnesses. Do not talk of your private, personal, or family matters. Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust. Cultivate forbearance till your heart yields a fine crop of it. Give your tongue more holiday than your hands or your eyes. Examine into your own short-comings rather than those ol others. Be content to do the things you can, and fret not because you cannot do everything. Do the duty that lies nearest thee; thy second dut} will already have become clearer. Never reply in kind to a sharp or angry word; it is the second word that makes the quarrel. Make the best of what you have, and do not make yourself miserable by wishing for what you have not. The Good Way.