War RESISTANCE OR NON-RESISTANCE. In an extract from Prof. E. D. Cope, published in Unity, some time ago, I find these words : 'If resistance to evil were more general, the world would be better.' I say unto you, 'Resist not evil,' are the words of Jesus. Now do Jesus and Professor Cope teach antagonistic doctrines? If so, I must accept the teachings of Jesus rather than of Professor Cope. Did not the Shakers resist evil in the most effectual manner, and in the spirit of the precepts of Jesus, when in their early history, they faced their persecutors, not with swords and clubs in their hands, but with stern and stinging rebuke, telling their persecutors that they were contending against the spirit of truth, against the teachings of Jesus, against their own sense of right, when they scourged, imprisoned, fined and tortured them for no crime of theirs, for no harm they had done, or wished to do, but because they worshiped God according to the dictates of their own conscience, and taught the members of their community to obey to the letter the precepts of Christ? It seems that this kind of resistance towards their enemies and persecutors proved effectual in quelling their hate and enmity, and soon made them their defenders and friends. We wish that Professor Cope would explain the exact methods we are to adopt in resisting evil. Are we to resist evil by doing evil? Is the old Mosaic code, 'an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth,' to be practiced now that Jesus has given us a different and, as we think, a better rule to go by? J. S. B. in Unity. The most widely known author in the Russian Empire... The most widely known author in the Russian Empire, Count Tolstoi, has resigned from the military service, and, retiring to his estates some miles from Moscow, is engaged in the peaceful pursuits of agricultural life and in writing essays and books, which he believes will benefit the people far more than the pursuits which formerly so engaged his attention What brought about this remarkable change? Simply the study of Christ's Sermon on the Mount, with the resultant conviction that all wars were forbidden by the Prince of Peace. Great need there is that the rulers, legislators, and people generally of professedly Chiistian States should heedfully consider that explicit declaration of our Lord : 'My kingdom is not of this world; if My kingdom were of this world, then would My servants fight.' Josiah W. Leeds. Phil., U. S., in London Herald of Peace.