Sanitary. ONE OF THE KINGS OF ISRAEL GOT SICK. Daniel Fraser. At present, in all the leading departments of life, the tendency is to diverge from the line of 'right living, aud of right doiug.' We read of the heathenism of the past, and also of a people 'not numbered with the nations.''' Whether the heathenism of today, in some of its aspects is not of a darker hue, more insidious and corrupting, than any preceding may be a matter of consideration. The outcome of heathenism, results in a long list of bodily, and social ailments. The outcome of obedience to the laws of God hygienic aud moral are in an opposite direction. The many and varied troubles of outside life furnish scenes not pleasant to think of. Inasmuch as we enjoy freedom, are separated from their social maladies, we are saved from their industrial judgments. In this respect, we are not numbered with the nations. In bodily ailments why should we be numbered with them ? The long and lengthening list of bodily diseases to which the subjects of modern civilization are heirs, is evidence that God is not in their way of living. Gent-rally, the subjects of disease instead of turning to God, heap to themselves many M. Ds. Even as God is in his Order for protection and salvation from sin, in that Order, there must needs be protection from disease, the fruit of sin. In the fulness of our gospel there will be an ever-abiding of the presence of God, and an absence of that tending to destroy or to hurt. No greater evidence of the absence of his presence can be presented than is manifested in seeking God where He is not to be found. A corresponding loss is manifested in ransacking the bowels and surface of the earth tor a universal cure-all ; f r a constitutional remedy ! There is no such remedv. But there is indeed within us an inherent constitutional power, endowed with ability to maintain in health every one of us fiom infancy to old age, if not abused. This beneficent power, even when sinned against, is ever ready to restore us to health, to mend injuries and to respond to every effort of 'right living.' It is written, 'God is not far from any one.' This is also true in regard to our material bodies. The king of Israel instead of going back to God in confession aud rapentance, in the fitness of Jewish law, went to men. When we come home to the simplicity of the truth with our bodily ills, as we are taught to do with spiritual transgressions, we shall be saved in a goodly degree from men-made M. Ds. and from their drugs. There is something out of place when a Believer presents himself or herself be- fore a doctor of the world. It.is a remarkable fact, that the attitude of all medical men to their patients is, 'Yon are sinners.' And the attitude of a patient to these men is, ''I am a sinner.' Seeing these M. Ds. do not themselves obey the 'law of right living,' dietetically, they are out of place in assuming to sit in judgment, they being themselves unjustified sinners. Again they are out of place in prescribing for Believers, because they have been trained to prescribe for those who are the subjects of great vital expenditures ; hence they are ever ready to advise the use of stimulating foods altogether unsuitable for those who live a life of purity. On this point we need to take heed. First, we do not require such a fulness of nutriment as generative men and women do. Second, the nutriment taken by us, should not be stimulating, more particularly so, for young people. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. THE VOICES. The Sunshine says : 'Let me shine in at your windows, clear across every room. I warm the earth, make the grass grow, open the flowers, ripen the fruit and shine into all the dark crevices I can purify them and make glad all the land and every living creature. I pray you good people, do not darken your windows with heavy curtains, down all the time so I can't come in to cheer you up and make you healthy and strong. I'll not hurt your carpets, even if I do fade the colors a little, your bodies and minds are of far more value than the carpets, and I know you need me.' 'I want to come in too,' says the Air. ' Dont keep your windows shut all the time, I pray you, and breathe the same air over and over when there is plenty of fresh, lifegiving air out doors. I am very cold sometimes, but you need me just the same, summer and winter. By using me your lungs purify your blood, and pure blood keeps you well. Do not dress your body so tightly that I cannot come into your lungs, for then you lose just so much life. Above all, do not shut me out of your rooms when you are asleep, for that is the time when you need me most. While asleep you renew all your strength if you breathe fresh, pure air. If not your slumber will be stupid and sluggish instead of refreshing. Your blood will be more impure when you arise than when you retired because you breathed the same air over again. Do not breathe hot air, either, because it weakens the walls of the bloodcells in your lungs, and in fact your whole body, making you very sensitive to cold air when exposed to it.' Pure water says, 'Drink me when you drink anything. Don't even drink me if I am not free from all impurities. Nothing will make you more liable to long sickness than using impure water. The vital organs will rebel at the presence of such fllth within their midst and make the effort to expel the impurities. I am for the purpose of cleansing and purifying your body within and without.' Liquor says, 'If you drink me, the vital organs of your body and the whole nervous system will fight their best to expel the poisonous draught. Don't taste me, for there will be continual war if you form the habit of it, until there is destruction of the body. I destroy more lives than the sword.' Tobacco says, ' I am an enemy, too, but a sly one. The vital organs of the body resist me just as much, but in a more quiet way, and the diseases I cause are not so plain to be seen. I do not destroy health and life so quickly, but just as surely.' Coffee says, 'I am a better drink than liquor but the nerves are a little excited over my presence in their midst, and if taken strong and steadily, I soon get to be master for they cannot do without me, but I store up impurities all the time in the system.' Tea says, 'I whip up the nerves to greater activity and am regarded as a friend by the people because I make them feel good and help them to do more work when they are already tired. But the vital organs must regard me as an enemy, too, because soon after there is a depression of feeling and a nervousness that nothing but more tea will soothe. Many old tea drinkers have very severe headaches, showing the nerves have been greatly irritated.' Pure food says, 'Use me. I will nourish your body without unduly exciting the nerves.' Fruit says, 'I have gathered the rays of sunshine, the drops of dew and all the good there is in air and earth. My juices will allay thirst and sharpen appetite. You can use me without any waste of force.' The grains say, 'I have garnered from the earth all elements necessary to nourish the body. Do not fail to count me first and last in your daily diet.' Vegetables say, 'You can use most of us with profit. Select from our varied store the best.' The human body says, 'Add to these rest and exercise when needed and nature will cheer all with health.' The Journal of Hygeio- Therapy.