VALEDICTORY THOUGHTS Oliver C. Hampton. written while on a mission to Pleasant Hill, Ky., Mar. 20th. 1888. Boundless O bles.-ing of patience and prayer Plow from all goodness and banish all fear; Teach me in silence to walk the low vale Where the calm waters of Love never fail. Calmly awaiting the call of the Master Whether my moments go slower or faster Under all sufferings of body or mind Patient and calm to be wholly resigned. Sickness and sorrow are grievous to bear, Trials and crosses abound everywhere; Self-abnegation is always in order Among good Believers in all Zion's border. Still in the spirit of patience and prayer All can be comforters able to cheer Bright Sun of Righteousness Healer Divine Grant us thy presence, O make us all thine. Lead us in wisdom and love evermore And every backsliding spirit restore; Each root of bitterness let us dig up And of sweet forgiveness drink deep of the cup. Charity waiting and patience extend Unto each enemy, unto each friend. Sweet evolution from lower to higher May each Believer in fervor aspire. Weeks, months and days I have spent on this hill Meeting with nothing but love and good-will, Kindness from all both the aged and young More than can flow from my pen or my tongue. Kindest regard would I tender each one, Glad if the least mite of good I have done; Soothed any sorrow, removed any pain, In any true heart if I've sown any grain Likely to grow and a crop to produce, Or from its fetters one sou! to unloose, Grateful I am and a hundred fold paid For what little good I have thought, done, or said. Now that the end oi my sweet visit nears Give me your union and lend me your prayers. T will be faithful the cross to endure Spend and be spent in the life that is pure. Labor for others as far as I can Self to forget which was Jesus's plan. Not to be tedious I'll try to complete This little poem on this little sheet; In all good neighborhood bid all adieu Each to commend to a God that is true Each to remember in love and good-will, nourishing, growing on green Pleasant Hill. Union Village, O.