The following interesting, social and theological letter, is from the... (Continued from last number.) [The following interesting, social and theological letter, is from the pen of our beloved brother, Elder William Leonard, of blessed; memory, and will no doubt give pleasure to many of our readers. Ed.] THE APOSTLES REQUIRED TO KEEP A GIFT OF HAND LABOR. Jesus said to the Jews, 'The kingdom of God is among you,' Luke, xvii., 21, alluding to the disciples who were practicing and studyiug under him. To the disciples he said, ' It is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it is not giveu.' Matt, xiii., 11. This signifies that he taught them much that they must practice in the new kingdom, which the world knew nothing about. From what follows it would seem that hand labor was among their private instructions. In years after they had commenced their ministry, Paul declared, 'I think that God hath set forth us, the apostles, (he excepts none) a spectacle to the world, angels and men. Even to this present hour, we hunger, thirst, have no certain dwelling-place, and labor working with our hands, being reviled we bless, being persecuted we suffer it.' 1 Cor. iv., 8, 12. Paul does not say that the apostles chose this condition for themselves. He does not even intimate that poverty drove them to it. But he emphatically says, 'God laid it upon them.' It will be remembered that Jesus was mediator between God and themselves. His word to them was the word of God. When Jesus sent the twelve to preach and commanded them that they should take nothing for their journey, save a staff only ; no scrip, no bread, no money in their purse, and not put on two coats, Matt, x., 9, this to them was God's word. Or as he says above, 'God, laid this condition upon them and they felt it so,' when Jesus told the twelve after his death, 'To go iuto all the world and preach the gospel.' Matt, x., 7. The above shows us, that they understood that God's word to them was, that they must go, as Jesus first sent then* through life. And going in this gift, they distinctly understood that hand labor must be resorted to for support, if nothing else had been said on that subject; but under the next head we will show that Jesus enjoined hand labor on all. Jesus the author of Christian hand labor in the church. Paul says to the Thessalouiaus, 'We hear that there are some among you, disorderly, working not at all, but are busybodies. Now such we command by our Lord Jesus Christ, that with quietness they work and eat their own bread. If any man obey not our word by this epistle, note that man, (or as on the margin, signify that man by an epistle) and have no company with him that he may be ashamed, yet count him not as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother.' 2 Thes. Ill-, 8, 15. If Jesus did not bind hand labor on all his followers, as a Christian duty, would Paul dare hold him up before the Church as the author of it? He commands all, in the name of CJirist to perform it, as one authorized by him to teach it as a Christian duty. If the word of God from Jesus did not render hand labor binding on every one who professed the Christian name, would Paul have dared to order the Church to cut themselves off from all, high or low, rich or poor, who did not perform it ? It should be remembered that Paul was a regular member of the Church, at Jerusalem, in good standing. If there was an order for labor revealed to the twelve he must have known it. He was under that Church oue year before he went forth among the gentiles ; and here we may conclude he learned the whole duty in this respect of apostle, teacher and every lay member of Christ's body. This qualified him to say, 'We hear that there are some disorderly among you working not at all.' If it was orderly to work, and disorderly not to work this must have been the order of the primitive Church. How could there have been order, equality or justice in that Church any more than in this, without such a rule of life for all? With them, as with us, we see plainly that the quiet, industrious member was the more orderly Christian, while the idler or loafer was selected out and pointed at by all the faithful, as the busybody, the mischief-maker and the harbinger of strife and discord. THE APOSTLES REQUIRED THAT ALL SHOULD LABOR FOR THEIR DAILY BREAD. Paul taught without hesitation or qualification, and proved it by his works, that he who opposed or purposely fell short or cast aside the duty of hand labor was an enemy to the Christian faith. He says, 'If any provide not for his own, and especially for those of his own house, he hath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel.' 1 Tim. v., 8, or worse than a barbarian who never was enlightened by the Christian faith. No language need be uttered plainer than this, to claim hand labor as a foundation principle laid down by Jesus as the true Christian fa'.th. Ou the strength of this understanding of what the true faith in Christ required he writes to the Thessalonians, 'When we were among you, we commanded if any would not work, neither should he eat,' and then adds, that as teachers of the true faith they as apostles or patterns were willing to be squared by it themselves, saying, 'Neither did we eat any man's bread for nought, but wrought with labor and travail, night and day, that we might not be chargeable to any of you. Not because we have not power, but to make ourselves an example to you to follow us.'' Paul claims that they had power to do otherwise. They could gather gold and silver like other men, and spend it in worldly ease and pleasure. Many pious donations could have passed from the Church into their hands ; they ha,d affectionate, rich brethren they could have leaned upon, who as Paul said of some of the Corinthian brethren, 'Ye are full and rich; ye have reigned like kings without us, ' or before we came. 1 Cor. iv.,8. These advantages were nobly laid aside and as Christians were to them as nothing while in their estimation their own example before the Church was every thing. As did their Lord, they spurned the idea of requiring of others what they were not willing to do themselves. As apostolic teachers they must set an example in all things, 'and they took joyfully, the spoiling of their goods.' When Jesus led them on earth, his testimony to the worldly great was, 'Woe unto you that are rich! for ye have received your consolation. Woe unto you that are full! for ye shall hunger.' When they took his place as teachers of the same faith, of course, by word and example they must hold out the same word. Jesus condemned the same spirit in the Jewish pnesthood, he said, 'The Scribes and Pharisees sit in Moses's seat. They bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men's shoulders but they will not move them with one of their fingers.' Matt, xxiii., 1, 4. The apostles knew that Moses originally was a bright example and the greatest of burden bearers among his people ; but that the Jewish teachers in Jesus's time were guilty of every extortiou and of imposing every conceivable burden upon the people. Iu their intercourse with Jesus they knew how he viewed these men and how he expressed himself concerning them in the true light of heaven. Jesus said, that the priesthood said and did not; and they determined to do, as well as say to the acceptance of their Lord and Master. It is simply ridiculous to say the apostles pursued the course they did and were not taught of Jesus to do it. How perfectly true inspiration has brought out iu Mother Ann and the Elders, the same willingness to toil with their hands for their own support and to present an example to Believers in these days. The first churches gathered in the east were planted iu the same spirit. The western pioneers being taught in this school, when they journeyed west, purchased lands, erected habitations and there put their hands to work, that others might when gathered become rooted and grounded in this consistent Christian theology. When they had duties or travels to perform these were carried along in the same spirit of diligetice, and when ended, they had a habitation as a home in which to retire supported by their own faithful industry. When Jesus had passed into the heavens, the first work to be performed by the twelve was to establish a Church at Jerusalem, built upon the word and example of Jesus, that could be referred to when the Gospel spread among the Gentiles. In exhorting the Thessalonians to a Christian course, and a life of industry, Paul points them directly to the example of the Church at Jerusalem, and says, 'Ye remember brethren our travel, for laboring night aud day, because we would not be chargeable to any of you. Ye, brethren, became the followers of the Churches which in Judea are in Christ Jesus.' 1 Thes. ii., 9, 14. To no Church was Paul more faithful in his endeavors to stir them up to hand labor than to this. He here shows them that as far as they had obeyed his instructions they had become the followers of the parent Church in Jerusalem ; and he here states that the Jewish church was in the very life of Christ. This renders it conclusive that they followed the example of Jesus even in haud labor, just as the Believers follow the example of Mother Arm in this re spect. However imperfect their order may have been, they could as really point to their best and most perfected patterns as we can now point to the example of the Elders. Perhaps no better illustration can be presented than in what follows to show not only the method that hand labor was performed by in the Jewish Christian church, but the estimation that such laborers were held in by the people and leaders. Power was given to Jesus to raise the dead. After he closed his ministry and was gathered hence, seven years passed over before such a miracle was wrought by the Apostles. The first power that was manifested in behalf of any one under their charge to restore them again to life, was upon an upright working woman who toiled for the poor and needy of Christ's flock and bestowed her gifts as free as the light of heaven. Stephen, who was stoned by a mob ; James, who was slain by the sword of Herod did not receive it. It was reserved ibr that world-renowned Sister of Charity named Tabitha or Dorcas, who was again restored to the Church as a blessing to the friendless. She appears to have been in independent circumstances and dwelt in Joppa, a day's journey from Jerusalem, and the scripture says, 'This woman was full of good works and alms-deed* which she did.' Acts, ix., 36. As she was the friend of the poor, her loss seems to have been felt most bitterly by her people. With sad hearts 'They washed her and laid her iu an upper chamber.' 37. The mourners learning that Peter their great friend was at Lydda, about twelve miles distant 'Sent unto him two men desiring that he would not delay to come to them. Then Peter arose and went with them. When he was come, they brought him into the upper chamber, and all the widows stood by him weeping and showing the coats and garments which Dorcas made while she was with them.' 39. They appear to have laid out the remains of this world-renowned Christian in the chamber where she had laid by her stores and dealt them out to the pocr, that when the Apostle arrived, he might find her resting from her labors, surrounded by the works of her own hands. The text does not say that the mourners pre- sented to Peter, articles she had purchased or hired others to manufacture, but they, ''Showed him the coats and garments which Dorcas had made while she was with them.' This Sister was evidently a believer, who, like Lazarus and his sisters, knew something of Jeus, Without doubt she had been a member of the Church quite through the ministry of Peter. In her history we discern a valuable quality in the true character of the Jewish Church ; we understand their labors and the disposition they made of property. Like her, the faithful, wealthy members appropriated the means they had to the best account for the needy among them. It appears that the excitement after Pentecost was attended by breaking bread from house to house, saving nought of what they possessed was their own, and in laying thousands at the apostle's feet. But when they advanced their order required them to carry out practical ( hristian principles in their own habitations. Evidently the rich had to labor with their hands and help support the destitute, and to require them to do the same. Those who would not do this, ''To provide for their own, especially those of their own house, denied the faith.' Paul labored for his own support and the support of those that were with him. Hence it could be said by James, 'Let the brothei' of low degree rejoice in that he is exalted, but the rich in that he is made low.' James, i., 9, 10, They could carry consecration no further till the revelation to Mother Ann brought both sexes into Church order spiritually and temporally. (TO BE CONTINUED.)