Sanitary. ONE OF THE KINGS OF ISRAEL GOT SICK. Daniel Fraser. At present, in all the leading departments of life, the tendency is to diverge from the line of 'right living, aud of right doiug.' We read of the heathenism of the past, and also of a people 'not numbered with the nations.''' Whether the heathenism of today, in some of its aspects is not of a darker hue, more insidious and corrupting, than any preceding may be a matter of consideration. The outcome of heathenism, results in a long list of bodily, and social ailments. The outcome of obedience to the laws of God hygienic aud moral are in an opposite direction. The many and varied troubles of outside life furnish scenes not pleasant to think of. Inasmuch as we enjoy freedom, are separated from their social maladies, we are saved from their industrial judgments. In this respect, we are not numbered with the nations. In bodily ailments why should we be numbered with them ? The long and lengthening list of bodily diseases to which the subjects of modern civilization are heirs, is evidence that God is not in their way of living. Gent-rally, the subjects of disease instead of turning to God, heap to themselves many M. Ds. Even as God is in his Order for protection and salvation from sin, in that Order, there must needs be protection from disease, the fruit of sin. In the fulness of our gospel there will be an ever-abiding of the presence of God, and an absence of that tending to destroy or to hurt. No greater evidence of the absence of his presence can be presented than is manifested in seeking God where He is not to be found. A corresponding loss is manifested in ransacking the bowels and surface of the earth tor a universal cure-all ; f r a constitutional remedy ! There is no such remedv. But there is indeed within us an inherent constitutional power, endowed with ability to maintain in health every one of us fiom infancy to old age, if not abused. This beneficent power, even when sinned against, is ever ready to restore us to health, to mend injuries and to respond to every effort of 'right living.' It is written, 'God is not far from any one.' This is also true in regard to our material bodies. The king of Israel instead of going back to God in confession aud rapentance, in the fitness of Jewish law, went to men. When we come home to the simplicity of the truth with our bodily ills, as we are taught to do with spiritual transgressions, we shall be saved in a goodly degree from men-made M. Ds. and from their drugs. There is something out of place when a Believer presents himself or herself be- fore a doctor of the world. It.is a remarkable fact, that the attitude of all medical men to their patients is, 'Yon are sinners.' And the attitude of a patient to these men is, ''I am a sinner.' Seeing these M. Ds. do not themselves obey the 'law of right living,' dietetically, they are out of place in assuming to sit in judgment, they being themselves unjustified sinners. Again they are out of place in prescribing for Believers, because they have been trained to prescribe for those who are the subjects of great vital expenditures ; hence they are ever ready to advise the use of stimulating foods altogether unsuitable for those who live a life of purity. On this point we need to take heed. First, we do not require such a fulness of nutriment as generative men and women do. Second, the nutriment taken by us, should not be stimulating, more particularly so, for young people. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.