TESTIMONY OF AMOS STOWER. In my childhood I was instructed by my parents ia the principles of the Protestant religion ; by which mam I received impressions of mind concerning a future state of rewards and punishments at a very early age. Hence I became greatly concerned lest I should not be of that chosen number who would be happy after death. The thought of being forever miserable after death, often made such a deep impression on my feelings, that I would endeavor to gain the favor of God by confessing my sins in secret, one by one, and pray that they might be forgiven. Thus I went on, sometimes praying and crying for mercy, at other times sinning, until I arrived at the age of fourteen, which was in the year 1779. At this time there was a remarkable awakening among the people in New Lebanon and the adjacent towns. This work was attended with such mighty power of God, that I have seen rugged, stout-hearted young men, who came merely as spectators, fall like men wounded in battle, and screaming so that they might be heard at a great distance. I was much exercised in mind, and greatly desirous to find something that I could depend on for salvation ; for the testimony of this revival was, that Christ was about to make his second appearance. After the visible operations of the power of God had mostly ceased, myself and a number of others were baptized and called Christians of the Baptist church. But I did not feel satisfied in my mind with regard to the state and situation of my soul. lu the spring of the following year, (1780,) there was a report in circulation concerning a singular people who lived above Albany. Some people from our neighborhood went to see them, and received a measure of faith in their testimony, believing they were the people of God and the true followers of Christ. About the middle of June, I went also to see them, and found them kind and hospitable. Their testimony was plain and pointed against all manner of unrighteousness. They appeared to me like heaven-born souls. Their worship was attended with operations of Divine Power, and their songs were melodious and heavenly. They did not appear to belong to the gross inhabitants of this earth. Thidr singing, seemed to reach the very heavens. Their testimony completely destroyed that deeeptious covering of false religion by which Antichrist had endeavored to persuade me that I was born again. I sensibly felt the inconsistency of pretending to be born of the Spirit, while living in the gratification of the desires of the flesh and of the mind. In obedience to their doctrine, I confessed my sins to God in the presence of the Elders ; and by them I was taught obedience to my parents, and faithfulness in all things ; and their instructions felt to me like the word of God. By continuing in obedience, I have proved it to be the word of God in very deed : for by it I obtained the power of salvation from sin. Hence I know of a certainty that the testimony which I received from these parents in the gaspel, is the power of God unto salvation, and must of necessity come from God through their ministration. Their doctrine is, indeed, crossing to the elements of an evil nature in every soul that receives it; which is a further proof that it proceeds not from an evil source, but from the source of all goodness. And the effect it produces in every faithful soul, is a full confirmation that it is the true doctrine of Christ ; because it makes such souls the real heirs and possessors of those blessings which he promised to his faithful followers. It makes them poor in spirit; it makes them hunger and thirst after righteousness; it makes them peacemakers. It also saves them from the corruptions of the flesh through lust; from evil surmising and jealousy ; from envying and strife; from hatred and malice ; from evil-speukiug and all intemperate language ; from intempemnce in eating and drinking ; and from every thing which is contrary to the law of Christ. The gospel of Christ which we have received from Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, as well as from their successors in the ministry, is in truth and reality, our only hope of eternal life. And this gospel is a durable and abiding treasure in every faithful Believer. It is 'a well of water springing up to everlasting life,' which continually nourishes and supports the soul in those scenes of trial and tribulation which it must pass through in the work of regeneration. We were instructed in the beginning of our faith, to prove the way of G-od for ourselves ; that we might have rejoicing in ourselves, and not in another. This I have done, and have found the benefit of it. We were told that when we came to see the branches flourish, we might then know that the root was holy. And truly, when we see the branches grow and flourish in righteousness, from such a small and humble beginning, we must know, for ourselves, that the foundation is righteous, and in righteousness hath the hand of God planted it. We were also told that, if we would hearken to the voice of the Lord our G-od, and do whatsoever we were taught, we should be protected. These promises have been amply fulfilled in every faithful soul who has traveled in reconciliation to the cross of Christ, revealed through Mother Ann aud her successors in the gospel. And their preaching and labors in the vineyard of Christ have not been in vain : for we have thereby ' tasted the good word of God and the powers of the world to come.' And this has been an abiding substance with every *:rue and faithful Believer, by day aud by night, from the first of our faith. 1 had many privileges and opportunities of seeing Mother Ann and the Elders. They faithfully taught us the necessity of becoming righteous, and of living a godly life; and instructed us how to doit. They were, in truth, the ministers of the living God, who taught us the way of life and salvation ; aud all their deportment, in conduct and conversation, corresponded with their calling. It evidently appears that the slanderous reports against Mother and the Elders were fabricated for the purpose of a refuge to the fabricators, that they might hide themselves from the piercing rays of that light which is in the Church of Christ, which is as a city set on a hill, where all the evil actions, done in the dark, must be brought to the light. But in the event, the true children of the resurrection will receive the reward of their labors. And those that 'have hated instruction and despised reproof,' will find themselves disappointed in their ex- pectations. After exaltiug themselves, and trusting in a form of godliness, but denying the only tme gospel, which is the power of God unto salvation, they will find their reward to be according to their works ; they will then see and feel the truth of those doctrines revealed by the Spirit of Christ, in his second coming, through the testimony of Mother Ann Lee, and the Elders, who are God's witnesses to us. New Lebanon, 1826.