Editorial. JESUS. A pattern of righteousness well worthy of our imitation, of whom it is written, ' He increased in wisdom, and in favor with God and man.' Baptized into the inspirational spirit he became the anointed Savior. What is said of Jesus, in this respect, could be said of no other man. There may have been wise men and good men, but they belonged to an entirely different order, and while they built on the philosophy of a worldly mind for a foundation, Jesus built on Truth. In this comes the crucial test of a Christian life. It is one thing to speak or write of this divine excellence and quite another to walk as he walked, and to consecrate our lives as he consecrated his life to the will of his Heavenly Father. Mutilated as the Scriptures may have been at the hands of designing religionists, there still remains so much that is pleasant to read, and profitable to accept into the mind, that we sometimes wonder why the non-professors do not make it a subject of greater interest The doctrines set forth, although having more or less of a local reference, and in fact, belonging exclusively to the order for whom they were published, yet they may be studied by all with great profit. The moral truths, as taught in the Scriptures, are such as bear upon our lives at all times and under all circumstances; while the more exalted exhortations of spirituality are what the world so much need for its crucifixion of the lusts of the flesh and of the mind. We are not surprised that many throw away the book. They do not know its value. Had they accepted its admonitions in the spirit in which they were given, thanksgiving and praise might have filled their souls. If those who hold that the Book is the inspired word of God, the only rule of faith, remain ignorant of its teachings and fail to represent it in their lives, it by no means follows that the Book is less valuable, any more than it would make an unabridged Dictionary less valuable because it had fallen into the hands of the simple-minded. It would seem that the work is not appreciated as it should be. Because a few pseudo Christians have laid claim to it as a speciality, in favor of their order of living, and because they are so skillful in their manipulations of the texts as to make them change their meaning as often and as suddenly as does the chameleon his color, this gives no evidence why those who seek for light from on high, and a comforting assurance of the presence of the Holy Spirit, snould not read its inspirational word, enjoy it and make its life, their life, whether they are or are not in fellowship with any church. Search the Scriptures, more particularly the teachings of Jesus Christ. Compare your life with his life and learn of him to be meek and lowly in heart. It is one of the easiest things to denounce or to prejudge that of which we have only a very limited or no correct knowledge. The unspiritual, the indifferent and the ignorant of mature years may allow themselves in all this, while the younger minds catch the same strain and follow on to destruction. In our order, especially, the sayings of Christ are used with an emphasis which is unmistakable, because we have chosen to be as he was, separated from the world. We are well persuaded that serve two masters. 'Ye God and Mammon.' In the effort that has been made by those who have assumed to be Christians, and who still hold tenaciously to the Adamic order, we find a singular combination of relationship. A forced attempt to amalgamate the spirit with the flesh. Elements as marked in their separation as fire and water. The old relation, the vine of the earth, which has passed from the garden of Eden to every habitable part of the globe &gt; which has received its blessings and benedictions from kings, bishops and priests, is at this time held at a discount and a new relationship is proclaimed. Sameness of flesh and blood made Cain and Abel brothers ; one of the easiest forms of demonstration of a fact that need be made. Marital deno man can cannot serve scent determined at ouce who stood as father and mother, brother and sister. But in the new order, in the kingdom of God upon earth, the relationship is to be tested by the spiritual teaching of Jesus, 'Whosoever shall do the will of God, the same is my brother and sister and mother.' It by no means argues less respect or less iuterest in the prosperity or happiness of parents and kindred, but it stands as positive proof of 4he essential difference which these orders should occupy in derstand the mind, that what It gives us to unis born after the flesh, belongs to the rlesh, and that which is born of the spirit as clearly belongs to the spirit. Jesus could have made no remark to the Jews, whose family relations stood superlatively in their minds and whose tables of genealogy were traced to a nicety through a long line of generations, that would have been more distasteful, or more at variance with their religious views. It was a severe blow at their titled right of being the sons of God through the iaheritance of the flesh. The woman who did the will of God was his mother and the man who did the will of God was his brother. To the Jews, a Canaanite, a Syrian or an Egyptian was as a dog; something to be shunned. They were not permitted even to eat at the same table and to hate them or to exterminate them was a commendable religious obligation. They could not believe that a Canaanite was capable of doing the will of God. Possibly there may be at this late day, a little of the old Jewish leaven in our veins. We can see dogs where we should see men and women. We are interested that justice, in its full meas- ure. should be measured to those who do uot accept the truth as we see it. The pattern of righteousness, however, will teach us the heavenly lesson of loving each other and of doing good to all men