My dear friend, Robert Aitken: I received your favor... Philadelphia, Fa., Sept. 1, 1888. My Dear Friend, Robert Aitken : I received your favor of the twentyfifth yesterday and am glad to hear of your happiness and that of the friends of Shaker Station for all of whom I entertain sympathy and affection. I hope to visit them and you sometime when I can know more of your community life. It has always been an ideal life to me ever since my Concordium experience, although it was very imperfectly carried out at Ham Common. The difficulty in Community life however, is in drawing the line between individual responsibility and freedom of conscience, which are essential to true manhood, and the will of the community. SwedeMborg says, 'The Lord preserves the freedom of the human will as 'the apple of his eye,' or the highest importance. Yet this freedom must be limited to some extent in civil society and still more in community life. There is no such thing as perfect freedom in imperfect conditions. Yet the higher the spiritual condition the more perfect is the freedom. In fact the sooner we can give up our self-will and accept the divine guidance the sooner shall we enjoy true freedom. Self-love is slavery. Love to God and man, although requiring the sacrifice of self, is the highest liberty. But liberty is the beau ideal of humanity without which there can be no responsibility and consequently no manhood. I thank you for sending Greaves, although the book has not yet arrived, I presume it will iu due time. The chief idea of Greaves I think is submission to the divine will. It seems a paradox that man is free only in proportion as he gives up his own self-will, and yet it is true. Our self-will enslaves, the divine will exalts and makes free. I believe I could accept practically a life of celibacy, but it has always appeared to me to be a duty to provide for the future generation. Our own existence is due to the performance of this duty parentally, and does not the boon of existence conferred on us, rightly and justly include the duty of transmission of that boon to others, although it may involve us in some anxieties and even spiritual disabilities ? There are spiritual sacrifices as well as material sacrifices and our obligations cannot be fully discharged if we neglect to use any of the functions conferred upon us. Of course we cannot judge for others in this matter. It must be for each one to do as he receives the light to do. It may be wisdom in one to live a life of virginity while it may be unwise for an- other. I cannot see that a universal rule can be set up which it would be right for all to follow except the rule of individual conviction. My friend Edmunds asked me if you had consented to 'prepare a place for him.' He thinks well of the Shaker life. He is very fond of children, and I do not know whether he would find such attraction with you. We must have something on which love can ultimate or it is apt to die. If I were with you I should miss the children more than anything else. We are passing away and the hope of the world is in the coming generation. It seems to me that this is where Shakerism fails of universal application, one hundred years of Shakerism will leave this earth desolate if you apply it universally. The creation of man includes propagation as au important function, and if that is abandoned, existence of the races of mankind ceases and the eartli becomes again a wilderness. Do the Shakers believe that a new creation is to supply the place of natural generation and that regeneration includes recreation? lam not asking in the spirit of opposition but for the sake of information. There is no doubt but a ceasing to generate would abolish human wars, but it would be at the expense of abolishing the human race and leaving this beautiful world to be inhabited by wild beasts alone and they would devour one another. There is something sublime in the effort to live a pure, chaste life, but to abolish marriage seems to me contrary to divine order and in some cases it may be an avoidance of duty and responsibility not altogether justifiable. But this is a great question and cannot be settled by letter. Perhaps you do not claim Shakerism to be universally applicable to mankind r With love to all the friends I remain, Sincerely yours, Henry S. Clubb.