Sanitary. SALT AS A MEDICINE. [STAINBACK WILSON, M. D., ATLANTA, SA.] We are very apt to seek some far fetched cure for our bodily ailments, and to overlook the simpler remedies, quite as effective it may be, which are to be found even in the humblest household. Common salt is one of the specifics for various diseases, which many lose the benefit of because they are not aware of its value. For sore or inflamed eyes, wash them in a weak solution of salt and warm water. This is also useful to remove the inflammation caused by extraneous substances in the eye. For sore throat and a hacking cough, take one salt-spoonful of salt, two tea-spoonfuls of vinegar, to half a goblet of cold water (icedwater preferable;) sip this frequently and relief will be felt at once. This same preparation will remove nausea, and settle the weakest stomach. It is also be eficial in attacks of colic. Nothing is more useful in sickness than a small flannel bag filled with salt. For toothache, colic, or diseases requiring warm applications, it is invaluable, as it retains its heat a long time ; and it is greatly to be preferred to hot, wet emollients, which soon get cold and uncomfortable The bag and all can be put on a tin pan and warmed in the oven ; but it is better to rip a small hole in the bag, and empty the salt out into the pan to heat. After it is hot it can be put back with a large spoon, and the hole sewed up in a moment. We have recommended this to several of our friends while they were suffering severe pain, and we have had the satisfaction of knowing that they experienced almost immediate relief from it. We knew it prescribed years ago for a case of severe colic. The effect was magical; and ever since the saltbag has held an honored place in our domestic pharmacy. A mixture of ice and salt, in proportion of one to one-half, applied to the head frequently gives instant relief from acute headache. It should be tied up in a small linen cloth, like a pad, and held as near as possible to the seat of the pain. A tea-spoonful of salt, dissolved in water, and taken every hour or two, beginning six or eight hours before a chill, will often prevent it, in intermittent, or what is known as chills and fever.' I once succeeded with this simple remedy in an obstinate case, where quinine, arsenic, and all the ordinary means had failed. Woman's Work. PRECAUTIONS AGAINST DISEASE. Never enter a sick room in a state of perspiration, as the minute you become cold your pores absorb. Do not approach contagious diseases with an empty stomach, nor sit between the sick person and the fire, as the draft from the chimney leads the contagious influences in that direction. Always let the current of air be from you to the couch of the sick, not from the couch to you. The air of the sick chamber should be kept so fresh that there will be no perceptible difference upon coming into it from the outer air. Catholic.