THE GOD OF THE JEWS. Chancy Dibble. The Lord was never known as a God of war until about the time Aaron made the golden calf. From that time Israel turned away as Moses declared when he threw down ihe tables of the law and broke them in pieces. Repeated efforts were made to reclaim the Israelites from their idolatrous, avaricious disposition, yet in their hearts they turned to Egypt's fashions. In imitation of the heathens they believed that God was delighted with bloody sacrifices of savory meats and odors of incense and that these were a propitiation for sin. Tliiy thought that they were God's people for whom He had a partial affection to the exclusion of all others, and that He command- ed them to exterminate the natives of the country and possess their land. Thus at a glance we see the Jewish idea of God and his attributes. That He in person led the armies of Israel to battle requiring them to slay men, women and children. This feature can only be appreciated by such as uphold the principle of war and conquest. We might excuse the barbarity of that superstitious age, for in their ignorance it was impossible for them to conceive cf God in his true character. Those records are a remnant of Jewish history only a portion of which is to be depended on because mingled with heathen traditions. There were false prophets and true ones, the latter they persecuted. The Prophet Samuel, chap. x. and xix., reproaches them saying, 'Ye have rejected your God who brought you out of bondage. Ye refuse to obey the true prophets and now desire a king to go before and fight your battles like the heathens around.' Saul slew his thousands and David his tens of thousands. They were men of blood that kept back the enemies of the Lord, How does this compare with David's Psalm, for he says, 'The Lord is of tender mercy towards his enemies, his goodness and love endures forever-' Here is a surprising contradiction of character. All the prophets sung of his never-ending love and charity, yet his reputation is traduced, his name implicated by the charge of directing the murderous doings of the Israelites. The truth was as Isaiah declared, lix., 7, 'They trust in vanity and speak lies. They conceive mischief and bring forth iniquity. Their feet run to evil and they make haste to shed innocent blood.' Watervliet, N. Y.