Sanitary VEGETARIANISM An antiquarian is not one whu eats antiquities, neither is a vegetarian one who eats only vegetables, although Webster's definition conveys this meaning: 'Vegetarian: One who holds that vegetables constitute the only proper food for man, and who Jives solely upon them.' The definition given by the Vegetarian Society is as follows : 'A vegetarian diet consists of the products of the vegetable kingdom—chiefly grains, pulse, fruits, and nuts—with or without the addition of eggs, milk and its products, as cheese and butter to the exclusion of the flesh of animals (fish^ flesh and fowl,) and its products, as fat, dripping, lard, suet, etc.' The definition given in The Imperial Dictionary of the English Language, by John Ogilvie, London, corresponds with the latter definition. 'Vegetarian : One who abstains from animal food and lives exclusively on vegetables, eggs, milk, etc. Strict vegetarians eat vegetables and farinaceous food only, and will not eat butter, eggs, or even milk.' According to Prof! Mayor, of Cambridge, England, vegetable and vegetarian are not synonymous, the latter being a newly-coined word, which has the meaning given in the last two explanations. Assuming the latter definition, let us glance at the opinions of a few of the World's greatest thinkers, concerning a Vegetarian Diet. Baron Cuvier says: 'The natural food of man, judging from his structure, appears to consist principally of the fruits, roots, and other succulent parts of vegetables.'-^Animal Kingdom, p. 46. Prof. Lawrence en- 20 THE MANIFESTO. larges on this idea as follows : 'The teeth of man have not the slightest resemblance to those of the carnivorous animals, except that their enamel is confined to the external surface. He possesses, indeed, teeth called'canine,' but they do not exceed the level of the others, and are obviously unsuited to the purposes which the corresponding teeth execute in carnivorous animals. * * * Whether we consider the teeth and jaws, or the immediate instruments of digestion, the human structure closely resembles that of the simicB; all of which, in their natural state, are completely herbivorous.'—Lectures on Physiology, pp. 189-191. Linnaeus confirms their decision in the words : 'This species of food (fruit) is that which is most suitable to man, which is evinced by the series of quadrupeds, analogy, wild men, apes, the structure of the mouth, of the stomach and the hands.'—Linncci Amcemtates Academical, vol. x, p. 8. As to the possibility of fully supporting human life by a Vegetarian Diet, Sir Henry Thompson writes: 'The vegetable eater, pure and simple, can extract from his food all the principles necessary for the growth and support of the body, as well as for the production of heat and force.'—Food and Feeding, p. 11. To the same question Liebig answers moie minutely : 'Grain and other nutritious vegetables yield us, not only in starch, sugar, and gum, the carbon which protects our organs from the action of oxygen, and produces in the organism the heat which is essential to life, but also in the form of vegetable fibrine, albumen, and caseine, the elements of our blood from which the other parts of our body are developed. * * Vegetable fibrine and animal Sbrine, vegetable albumen and animal albumen, hardly differ, even in form; * * and when they are present the graminivorous animal obtains in its food the very same principles, on the presence of which the nutrition of the car- nivora entirely depends.' In addition to the arguments set forth by the preceding writers, we must remember that, under the most favorable circumstances the flesh of animals can never be free from impurities. The process of waste and repair is constantly going on in the living body, and hence there is always present in the sys- tem a certain amount of broken-down cell tissue, which is on its way to the excretory outlets of the system. If this process is suddenly stopped by killing the animal, this effete matter, together with the impure venous blood which is in the capillaries (a large proportion) remains in the flesh, rendering it impure and unhealthy. If in addition, the animals are actually diseased, as good authorities say 80 per cent, are, caused by immature breeding and putting them in an unnatural condition by fattening and shipping in crowded freight cars, flesh-eating becomes actually dangerous. It is now well known that not only the different parasitic diseases may be communicated to man, but pleuropneumonia, erysipelas, swine typhoid, cattleplague, and foot-and-mouth disease, aie also transmissible to man. With the Biblical student the following Scripture verse has great weight, no mention whatever being made of flesh foods: 'Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree in which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.'—Gen. i., 29. The attention of those who long and sigh for beauty, which ' * * * * gives The features perfectness, and to the form Its delicate proportions,' is directed to the statement of Adam Smith in his Wealth of Nations, that the most beau- tiful women in the British dominions are found among the lower ranks of the people of Ireland, who are generally fed with potatoes. Also, to the Scriptural fact that Dan- iel and his companions, who ate grain and pulse, were 'fairer and fatter in flesh than all the children which did eat the portions of the king's meat.'—Dan. i., 15. Those who live on a Vegetarian Diet are, as a rule, heavier, stronger in muscle, and capable of greater endurance than those who live on a mixed diet. Prof. Forbes, from experiments on 'flesh-eating Englishmen, porridge-eating Scotchmen, and potato-andbread-eating Irishmen' proved that the Scotchmen and Irishmen were superior in height, weight and strength to the Englishmen. 'The Laplanders, living on flesh, are THE MANIFESTO. 21 a diminutive race, while the Finns, who in. habit the same climate and live chiefly on the products of the soil, are as fine a race as the Swedes and Norwegians. The difference,' says Dr. Lamb, 'must be attributed mainly or entirely to diet.' Although at present we may or may not eat flesh as we choose, the time will come when all must be vegetarians. Already flesh is ten to twenty times more expensive than wheat, oatmeal, peas, lentils, etc., considering the amount of solid substsnce in each, and the price of the former is gradually increasing. Land which is cultivated for grains, fruits, and vegetables, provides employment for several times as many men as that which is used for raising stocj;; and, as the population gradually becomes more dense stock-raising for food purposes will decline more and more, and finally become a thing of the past.—Student Life. WHAT AN APPETITE There is no accounting for tastes. No person with a natural appetite can tell why another likes food which is rank, or partially decayed, nor can bees tell why, when they are sipping nectar from the flowers, buzzards should be flying overhead looking out for of- fal and carrion. These are simply matters of taste and nature. So there are men who are inclined to smut and filth and scandal, and who smile and smirk and grin and gloat over vice and vileness, and who continually pry and peddle in this line. One can hardly be in their company for an hour without listening to smutty talk, questionable stories, and scandalous reports. They gather such things from all quarters. What they cannot gather they invent. What they hear from others they embellish, and what they have gathered, invented, and embellished, they peddle. There are men who profess to be ministers of the gospel who need a conversion that shall give them clean hearts and clean tongues, for so long as men lack that purity of heart which God bestows by the power of the Holy Spirit so long will the results of early education, vile surroundings, bad training, exhibit themselves ; until they are thoroughly and soundly saved, we shall find such persons, whatever their professions or positions may be, returning to the blackguardism of their early days like the dog to his vomit, and the sow that was washed to her wallowing in the mire. — Good Way.