Correspondence Westfield, Mass, Nov. 1888 Elder Evans :—I read a communication in the 'Springfield Union' written by you about spiritualism. I cannot see how the Fox girls have exposed it. I certainly know they did not produce the raps with their toes. It is impossible for any one to produce raps so, or—as it is thought by many— to converse with our departed friends. No oue ever did, or ever can converse with their friends after death. I plainly say it is impossible. I have been a medium myself, and I know something about spiritualism. I have been a writ- ing, tipping, test and speaking medium. I think it is high time it was exposed. I know just how it is done, and I want the world to know too. I would like to see you, and talk with you on spiritualism, and give you nay experience. I am no medium now, nor ever will be again. I shall ever fight against spiritualism. Oh how deceitful! Scripture says, 'Try the spirits, and see whether they are of God.' I have tried it, and say, No, no ; never. I am always glad to see people against it, and I am always ready to help them. I have got enough of it. There is no religion in it; no good in it. It is just what our Savior said would be before his coming again. I for one, long for his appearing. I never can believe in spiritualism again. I never have heard from my friends since they have been laid away in the cold and silent grave ; I know they will rest until the resurrection. My mother used to speak of the Shakers at New Lebanon : she has visited there with them ; she always thought a great deal of them. I can talk about spiritualism better than I can write : it would take me quite a while to write my experience. Oh how deceitful, deceitful! It is nothing but the enemy. No spirit friend will ever deceive ; never. I can face any medium and tell them spiritualism is a fraud. It is a power that produces raps, tipping tables, writing and test-giving; it is all done by power unseen. 'Woe to the inhabitants of the earth and of the sea ! for the dev- il is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knotveth that he hath but a short time.' (Rev. xii., 12.) I would like to hear from you, and I would like to give you my experience. Yours for truth, P. S. We are commanded to let our light shine. I will come to your place if you wish and the Lord be willing. I shall forever turn traitor to spiritualism ; there is no religion in it: the so-called spirit hates all good. I see by the 'Union' that you had a communication sent you from Spring field ; was it in favor of spiritualism, if I may be so bold as to ask? Please let me know if you wish me to come. I am against spiritualism : I hate the name of it—the liar ! Mrs. L. M. Pomeroy REPLY Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., Nov. 1888. Mrs. L. M. Pomeroy. Respected Friend :—Your letter of the oth. inst. received. I have not seen the 'Springfield Union' containing my article yet; it will come soon. 14 THE MANIFESTO. So, you put yourself in the same class with Margaret and Katie Fox. They are mediums. You have been 'a medium for writing, tipping, test and speaking medium, &amp;c.' You ''know just how it is done.' Margaret and Kate were mediums ; and now they say that they have been acting as frauds, all these years. You do the same ; and then expect the world to believe you. Yet, you look for the Savior ; expect the bodily resurrection ; and affirm that the dead cannot return until their bodies rise ; that none have ever returned ; you are positive about it, &amp;c. You forget that Moses and Elias, and Samuel, returned and talked with Jesus and Saul; and many other Scripture statements. Do you not think that yourself and the Fox women are very wicked women, and that no person should believe a word that any of you may utter ? Then you contradict yourself, and affirm your belief in Spiritualism, saying, 'It is a power that produces raps, tipping tables, writing, and test-giving ; it is all done by power unseen.' 'For the devil has come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth his time is short.'—Thus you admit yourself to have been a medium for the devil to use in misleading humanity. Do not wish you to come here—better repent. Respectfully, F. W. Evans