Juvenile Enfield, Conn., Jan. 1889 Dear Children :—-A Happy New Year. We wish you this, but wishes alone can do very little toward securing to you the greatest blessing—real happiness, which is the reward for individual effort. The happiest persons are not those who have the most done for them, but those who do the most for others. Happy are those who make others happy. Be true and virtuous. Virtue alone is happiness, happiness is heaven. 'So happy and free, so happy and free The followers of Jesus forever will be.' Would you be virtuous? Look to the virtuous and follow the virtuous. Virtuous lives bring blessings to those who live them, and blessings to those who follow them. The beginning of the New Year is the time for correcting the mistakes of the past, and the earnest resolve to avoid them in future. Good resolves even give hope and encouragement, and happiness comes as you keep these resolves. In a sincere resolution to win, there is a promise of winning. Perse' viT.inco overcomes obstacles. Bear this in mind, and by doing your whole duty, enjoy a whole year of unbroken happiness. The heavenly prize is within your reach, and it is worthy of your greatest effort. Wrestle for it. Subdue your inborn selfishness. Help each other in all good work. Love good, for the sake of pure goodness, and shun evil, because evil is sin. Brighten your records with purity and truth. Build up good characters. Reform your little selves, and you have begun to reform the world. Avoid deceit. 'Be what you seem, and seem what you should be, children of truth, from all dishonor free.' Your Brother, Daniel Orcutt THE BROOKLET May Rullhausen Down from the heights of the mountain, Flowing without delay, Cometh the beautiful brooklet, Day after day. Over the stones and the pebbles, Over the green soft moss, Still in its curious winding, It keepeth its course. Under the cloud and the sunlight, Under,the tall stately trees, Out in the clear air of heaven, 'Tis free as the breeze. Passing through vales and through meadows, Rippling along with delight, Singing a song full of music, Even at night. Dashing o'er rocks, full and bounding, Heaving and foaming along, Evening and night, day and morning, Happy and strong. And where, O where art thou going?— 'On to the beautiful sea, Where I'll mingle my sparkling waters Lost ever to thee.' —Age 14 years. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. A PRISONER'S STUDY A prisoner condemned to confinement for life, after a careful study of the Scriptures, found them to contain 3,586,489 letters. 773,692 words, 31,173 verses, 1,183 chapters, and 66 books. The word 'and' occurs 46,277 times; the word Lord 1.855 times : the word reverend THE MANIFESTO. 23 only once, which is in the 9th verse of 111th Psalm. The middle is the 8th verse of the 118th Psalm. The 21st verse of the Gth chapter of Ezra contains all the letters of the alphabet with the exception of the letter J. The finest chapter to read is the 26th chapter of Acts of the Apostles ; the 19th chapter II Kings, and the 32d of Isaiah, are alike. The longest verse is the 9th verse in the eighth chapter of Esther. The shortest is the 35th of the 11th chapter of St. John. The 8th, 15th, 21st, and 31st verses of the 107th Psalm are the same. All the verses of the 136th Psalm end alike. There are no words or names of more than six syllables. The 117th Psalm is the middle and shortest chapter in the Bible. It must have taken him many years of patient, careful study to gather all these facts. We hope in such close perusal the Spirit revealed a deeper lesson to his heart and made him fully acquainted with its precious precepts. M. J. S. in the Christian Union ST. MATT. XIII., EROM TYNDAL'S TESTAMENT The same daye wentt Jesus out of the housse, and satt by the see syde, and moche people resorted unto him, so gretly that he wet and sat in a shyppe, and all the people stode on the shoore. And he spake many thyngs to them in similituds, sayinge : behold the sower went forth to sowe, and as he sowed, some fell by the wayes syde, and the fowlls ca, and devoured it uppe. Some fell on stony grounde where it had nott moche erth, and a non it spronge uppe, because it had no depth of erth • and when the son was uppe, hit cauth heet, and for lak of rotynge wyd dred awaye. Some fell amonge thornes, and the thornes arose, and chooked it. Parte fell in goode grounde, and broght forth good frute : some an hundred fold, some fifty fold, some thyrty folde. Whosoever hath eares to heare, let him heare. And hys disciples cam, and sayde to him : Why speakest thou to them in parables : he answered and saide unto them : Hit is geven onto you to knowe the secretts of the Kyngdome of he ven, but to them it is nott geven, for whosomever hath, to him shall hit be gevne : and he shall have aboundance : But whosoevrr hath not: from him shalbe takyn awaye eve that same that he hath.—Selected