Correspondence Westfield, Mass, Nov. 1888 Elder Evans :—I read a communication in the 'Springfield Union' written by you about spiritualism. I cannot see how the Fox girls have exposed it. I certainly know they did not produce the raps with their toes. It is impossible for any one to produce raps so, or—as it is thought by many— to converse with our departed friends. No oue ever did, or ever can converse with their friends after death. I plainly say it is impossible. I have been a medium myself, and I know something about spiritualism. I have been a writ- ing, tipping, test and speaking medium. I think it is high time it was exposed. I know just how it is done, and I want the world to know too. I would like to see you, and talk with you on spiritualism, and give you nay experience. I am no medium now, nor ever will be again. I shall ever fight against spiritualism. Oh how deceitful! Scripture says, 'Try the spirits, and see whether they are of God.' I have tried it, and say, No, no ; never. I am always glad to see people against it, and I am always ready to help them. I have got enough of it. There is no religion in it; no good in it. It is just what our Savior said would be before his coming again. I for one, long for his appearing. I never can believe in spiritualism again. I never have heard from my friends since they have been laid away in the cold and silent grave ; I know they will rest until the resurrection. My mother used to speak of the Shakers at New Lebanon : she has visited there with them ; she always thought a great deal of them. I can talk about spiritualism better than I can write : it would take me quite a while to write my experience. Oh how deceitful, deceitful! It is nothing but the enemy. No spirit friend will ever deceive ; never. I can face any medium and tell them spiritualism is a fraud. It is a power that produces raps, tipping tables, writing and test-giving; it is all done by power unseen. 'Woe to the inhabitants of the earth and of the sea ! for the dev- il is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knotveth that he hath but a short time.' (Rev. xii., 12.) I would like to hear from you, and I would like to give you my experience. Yours for truth, P. S. We are commanded to let our light shine. I will come to your place if you wish and the Lord be willing. I shall forever turn traitor to spiritualism ; there is no religion in it: the so-called spirit hates all good. I see by the 'Union' that you had a communication sent you from Spring field ; was it in favor of spiritualism, if I may be so bold as to ask? Please let me know if you wish me to come. I am against spiritualism : I hate the name of it—the liar ! Mrs. L. M. Pomeroy