BIBLE STUDY A. G. HOLLISTER The Bible is regarded by nearly all Protestant denominations, as the Word of God, and by many of their teachers, as an infallible standard and test for all revealed truth. By revealed truth, is here meant religious truth made known by Divine inspiration and spiritual wor- ship. Believers in Christ's second appearing distinguish between the Word of God, which is life-giving or 'living and powerful, sharper than a two-edged sword,' and the Bible, which is a man made record of portions of the Word, uttered from two to six thousand years ago. The living Word proceeds now in the forming work of a new Creation, which springs upon the decay of the old, and absorbs its vital forces as the germ of a sprouting seed absorbs the vitality of its environing mass, and leaves the lifeless shell to decompose in the earth. As the word of God to Adam was not sufficient direction for Noah—nor the word to Noah sufficient for Abraham—so the word to Abraham was not sufficient for Moses, nor for Elijah, Jeremiah and Daniel. And as the Word received by all these together was not sufficient to direct Jesus Christ in his work, but each messenger of a dispensation required a special Word to qualify him for the work to which he was called, so also was there a special Word not recorded in the Bible, given to our Mother, to enable her to perform the increasing work which God required in her day and time. And there must always be a living Word of God in his church, for present Divine direction, so long as God has a covenant people on Earth. There is no contradiction in the living Word, however numerous its messengers, and this is one of the criterions whereby it is known to be true, coming as it does through different witnesses. Neither has that Word ever set limits to the future increase of its utterance and operations among the children of God. Though at times inoperative, or unperceived for a season, it has ever been renewed with increasing power. This admitted, some have claimed that the present Word of God is sufficient, and those guided thereby have no need to know the past. Others rely wholly upon the ancient record, to the exclusion of the life-giving present, assuming that the former is sufficient for all time. It would be just as reasonable to conclude that the sunshine of two thousand years ago, gave sufficient light and heat for all time, and that consequently there is no further need for the sun to shine. But both assumptions are partial and one-sided. Both set up arbitrary limits to understanding. Both admit portions of the truth, and reject its complementary equivalents necessary to complete knowledge. Hence either method pursued alone does not lead to satisfactory results. They need combining, as really as do the primary colors of light, to make a perfect whole, with which to detect error and avoid mistakes. Whatever may be the Word uttered, knowledge thereof is graded to the understanding of the party receiving it. Understanding is a product of instruction and experience. The less experience and less instruction, other things being equal, the less power of comprehension. . Those races of the earth who have THF MANIFESTO. 15 BIBLE STUDY. A. G. HOLLISTER. The Bible is regarded by nearly all Protestant denominations, as the Word of God, and by many of their teachers, as an infallible standard and test for all revealed truth. By revealed truth, is here meant religious truth made known by Divine inspiration and spiritual worship. Believers in Christ's second appearing distinguish between the Word of God, which is life-giving or 'living and powerful, sharper than a two-edged sword,' and the Bible, which is a man made record of portions of the Word, uttered from two to six thousand years ago. The living Word proceeds now in the forming work of a new Creation, which springs upon the decay of the old, and absorbs its vital forces as the germ of a sprouting seed absorbs the vitality of its environing mass, and leaves the lifeless shell to decompose in the earth. As the word of God to Adam was not sufficient direction for Noah—nor the word to Noah sufficient for Abraham—so the word to Abraham was not sufficient for Moses, nor for Elijah, Jeremiah and Daniel. And as the Word received by all these together was not sufficient to direct Jesus Christ in his work, but each messenger of a dispensation required a special Word to qualify him for the work to which he was called, so also was there a special Word not recorded in the Bible, given to our Mother, to enable her to perform the increasing work which God required in her day and time. And there must always be a living Word of God in his church, for present Divine direction, so long as God has a covenant people on Earth. There is no contradiction in the living Word, however numerous its messengers, and this is one of the criterions whereby it is known to be true, coming as it does through different witnesses. Neither has that Word ever set limits to the future increase of its utterance and operations among the children of God. Though at times inoperative, or unperceived for a season, it has ever been renewed with increasing power. This admitted, some have claimed that the present Word of God is sufficient, and those guided thereby have no need to know the past. Others rely wholly upon the ancient record, to the exclusion of the life-giving present, assuming that the former is sufficient for all time. It would be just as reasonable to conclude that the sunshine of two thousand years ago, gave sufficient light and heat for all time, and that consequently there is no further need for the sun to shine. But both assumptions are partial and one-sided. Both set up arbitrary limits to understanding. Both admit portions of the truth, and reject its complementary equivalents necessary to complete knowledge. Hence either method pursued alone does not lead to satisfactory results. They need com- bining, as really as do the primary colors of light, to make a perfect whole, with which to detect error and avoid mistakes. Whatever may be the Word uttered, knowledge thereof is graded to the understanding of the party receiving it. Understanding is a product of instruction and experience. The less experience and less instruction, other things being equal, the less power of comprehension. . Those races of the earth who have THE MANIFESTO. the discriminating faculty which the Creator gave them, have separated between wheat and cheat, and found by practicing the restraints commanded, that error is condemned and truth sustained. For be it understood, that the Bible has no light in itself, but like a mirror, reflects back into the mind, the light of the intelligence shed upon it, sometimes with added intensity. Should we have Bible Classes for acquiring a knowledge of Scripture, and of the Faith of Believers in Christ's Second Appearing, as illustrated and confirmed thereby? It seems to the writer that if properly organized and conducted, no literary study can be more profitable, for its illuminating effects, the growth of spiritual understanding, and for the increase, spread, and building up of our most precious faith. Precious indeed because it saves the obedient from sin, and from the doleful consequences thereof. Doubly precious because scarce, which caused Jesus to ask 'When the Son of man cometh, will he find faith on the earth?' As no one mind possesses all knowledge nor all wisdom, unless it be the mind that was in Jesus Christ and our first gospel Parents, it would seem best to be guided in our interpretations by the concurring testimony, so far as it can be ascertained, of the true witnesses of Christ, who have lived his life by following his example of virgin purity. I mean the Apostles both of his first and second appearing. For manners and customs of people in Bible lands, and for critical meanings of original words, we will have to rely upon scholars who have made such matters their study. Focusing the attention of many minds on the subject in connection with the in- creasing development of God's spiritual work in late years will afford greater light for the elucidation of many topics, and for clearer interpretations of some matters heretofore obscure. Perhaps improvements may be made upon explanations formerly given, but all harmo- nizing with each other, and with the united testimony of previous witnesses. Because as truth is a unit, and cannot conflict with itself, all contradiction partakes of faLehood, and is ruled out by the laws of evidence. But since truth has many various aspects when seen from different standpoints, interpretations also may be various without conflicting. An original, unsupported witness or testimony, has little or no weight. But when one witness or truth confirms another, both are strengthened thereby, and the greater the number of reliable witnesses or truths, affirming a position or fact, the more firmly said position or fact is established in our confidence. The word of God is truth, and as every truth is in substantial agreement with every other truth on the same plane, it is written that k'by the mouth of two or three witnesses shall every word be established.' If we reject the ancient record of the true abiding Word of God, because of a present living Word which is most necessary for us, we reject a valuable and important witness, and weaken our own testimony by so much. No one need believe these positions unless they are true in fact and seeming. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.