WELCOME, NEW YEAR Passing along from month to month and from year to year with the testimony of the cross of Christ, which we have made to be our testimony, we have now reached the initial number of the nineteenth volume of The Manifesto. Even this willing perseverance in a good work, this faithful continuance in a Christian duty that we owe to God and man, is sufficient cause'for great thankfulness. All the crosses and trials that we have passed through, and all the anxieties and even vexations that have at times filled our minds should now vanish like the mist before the morning sun. A new year has come to greet us, a series of twelve months are preparing to bear us company on our pilgrimage to the Holy City. With the introduction of a New Year so auspicious, so effulgent with light from God, so anticipatory of righteousness and peace, our hearts cannot fail to rejoice. If led by the spirit of God, and thereby becoming the sons and daughters of God, our mission before the children of this world, although manifested in a still, small voice, cannot fail to exert an influence for good and inspire souls to look forward to a better and to a brighter day. Our mission inasmuch as it harmonizes with that of the apostolic church, should be aggressive against that which is wrong, must fight the good fight of faith and overcome all the powers of darkness. Through the manifestation of this spirit which crucifies the elements of a worldly life, we may rest assured that its influence will carry God's precious goodness wherever it may chance to fall. We need have no doubt of our success, if our hearts are pure, as that insures us an entrance into the Kingdom of our Heavenly Father. Those who have written in the past, will not fail to write again and again, as growth in the mind by cultivation, is as valuable in this department, as growth and value can be in any other. Those who have not written or who have been parsimonious, will study with profit this brief but valuable lesson. 'Like begets like.' An active interest in the cultivation of that wThich is good and profitable, will stimulate a greater and greater zeal in the same work, till it culminates in an interest for God that can never grow dim. Whoever writes in the fulness of the light which God gives them, and in prayer for the peace and prosperity of others cannot fail to accomplish a THE .MANIFESTO. 19 good work for themselves and a corresponding one for their readers. It does not need an elaborate discourse on speculative theology nor a lengthy dissertation on prophecies and mira- cles to direct a fellow pilgrim on the way to the cross or to give him an introduction to Evangelist or to any other of the heavenly guides. The simple story of right over wrong has nothing mysterious, requires no commentary, not even a biblical Diction- ary. It enters at once upon an assurance which cannot fail. 'Blessed are the poor in spirit for theirs is the Kingdom of Heaven.' Any wayfaring man can easily comprehend a message so concise and so in sympathy with the human heart. In this number we have published the Covenant of the Church. A document of great importance to the Community and about which many who are not intimately acquainted with the Society, have had much to say. To give the work a careful perusal will be time well spent, as this is an essential part of the foundation of Community life, and upon which every one must build to become successful. The first Covenant for the Society was written in the year 1796. Since that date several articles have been added till in 1832 the present form was written and signed by the then adult members, and then by all accessions of members since that time. Probationary or Novitiate members on entering the Society are expected to sign The Articles of Agreement, which stipulates briefly what the Society will do, and also what the new member agrees to do. Too much care cannot be exercised in holding this covenant and these articles of agreement in their respective places and in seeing that the names of all who have reached the age of majority are clearly entered, in the presence of witnesses, to the one that is deemed expedient.