Books and Papers Autobiography of a Shaker Elder F.W. Evans Autobiography of a Shaker (Elder, V. W. Evans.) A new and enlarged Edition with portrait. This work has recently been published in Glasgow, Scotland, and contains some one hundred and seventy pages. In an appendix to this new edition will be found, articles on Shaker Communism, Shakerism in London, Enjr.. Shakers as Farmers, etc., etc. Elder Frederic lias brought together in this work, many very interesting subjects, upon which one may dwell with increasing pleasure and profit. Price $1.50. Address F.W. Evans, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health. Dei;. Contents: Wni. E.Gladstone; Notable People; Adaptation: Dessie W. Fitzgerald; Getting Rested; Vivativeness ; How to make Home Happy ; The Aryans; Southern California as a Health Resort; View of the Shady Side of Civilization; Catarrh ; Sanitary Reform; Child Culture; etc., etc. Fowler and Wells Co., 775 Broadway, N. Y. $1.50 per year. Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Journal of Health. Dec. Contents : Mind Cure Matter; Magnetic Hygiene ; What to Eat; The Onion ; Good Living and the Brain; Plantains and Bananas ; Salt as a Medicine; Anecdote of H. W. Beecher; A Good Work; Cuba's two Meals a Day ; Psychometric Power; Calisthenic Exercises for Girls ; A Soldier Somnambulist; Treatment of Ingrowing Nail; etc., etc. Office 206 Broadway, N. Y. The Bible and Land The Bible and Land.—By Jambs B. Converse.—16 mo.—size 5x7 inches. 251 pp.—Neatly bound in cloth—Price $1.00 postpaid.—Published and for sale by Rev. James B. Converse, MorRISTOWN, TENN. The table of contents of this 'eminently timely' book is as follows :. Chapter 1, The Creator's Title to Land; ch. 2, The Problem: ch. 3, The Causes of Poverty; ch. 4, Land Values ; ch. 5, Grounds of Ownership; ch. 6, The Terms of the Original Grant; ch. 7, Biblical Land Grants; ch. 8, The Land Law? of Moses ; ch. 9, The Law of the Tithe ; ch. 19, The Prophets and Land; ch. 11, The Bible and Liberty; ch. 12, God's Government and God's Land; ch. 13., The Future of Earth ; Appendix of Proof Texts.