Juvenile Enfield, Conn., Jan. 1889 Dear Children :—-A Happy New Year. We wish you this, but wishes alone can do very little toward securing to you the greatest blessing—real happiness, which is the reward for individual effort. The happiest persons are not those who have the most done for them, but those who do the most for others. Happy are those who make others happy. Be true and virtuous. Virtue alone is happiness, happiness is heaven. 'So happy and free, so happy and free The followers of Jesus forever will be.' Would you be virtuous? Look to the virtuous and follow the virtuous. Virtuous lives bring blessings to those who live them, and blessings to those who follow them. The beginning of the New Year is the time for correcting the mistakes of the past, and the earnest resolve to avoid them in future. Good resolves even give hope and encouragement, and happiness comes as you keep these resolves. In a sincere resolution to win, there is a promise of winning. Perse' viT.inco overcomes obstacles. Bear this in mind, and by doing your whole duty, enjoy a whole year of unbroken happiness. The heavenly prize is within your reach, and it is worthy of your greatest effort. Wrestle for it. Subdue your inborn selfishness. Help each other in all good work. Love good, for the sake of pure goodness, and shun evil, because evil is sin. Brighten your records with purity and truth. Build up good characters. Reform your little selves, and you have begun to reform the world. Avoid deceit. 'Be what you seem, and seem what you should be, children of truth, from all dishonor free.' Your Brother, Daniel Orcutt THE BROOKLET May Rullhausen Down from the heights of the mountain, Flowing without delay, Cometh the beautiful brooklet, Day after day. Over the stones and the pebbles, Over the green soft moss, Still in its curious winding, It keepeth its course. Under the cloud and the sunlight, Under,the tall stately trees, Out in the clear air of heaven, 'Tis free as the breeze. Passing through vales and through meadows, Rippling along with delight, Singing a song full of music, Even at night. Dashing o'er rocks, full and bounding, Heaving and foaming along, Evening and night, day and morning, Happy and strong. And where, O where art thou going?— 'On to the beautiful sea, Where I'll mingle my sparkling waters Lost ever to thee.' —Age 14 years. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.