THE PRAYING ENGINEER. One winter, several years ago, there was a good deal of religious interest in a certain Western town, and among those who joined the church, was Allie Forsyth, a little fellow twelve years of age. His mother was a widow, and had removed four years before from their home in Vermont, to this town in Wisconsin. On the Sabbath evening of the day when he joined the church, Allie was sitting in the twilight with his mother, when she said to him : 'Allie, tell me what led you to be a Christian. Was it your home teaching, your lessons in Sabbath-school, the preaching of your pastor, or has it all come in some other way?' Looking up into his mother's face he replied : 'Mamma, it was neither of these. But do you remember when we were coming from St. Albans to live here that I wanted to ride on the engine with the engineer? You were afraid to let me till the conductor, whom you knew well, told you that the engineer was a remarkable man, and that I was just as safe with him as in the parlor car with you.' Then continued Allie: 'When we were ready to start from the station where I first got on the engine, the engineer knelt down just a little bit, and then got up and started his locomotive. I asked him many questions about its different parts; and the places and things we passed, and he was very patient in answering. Soon we stopped at another station, and he knelt down again before we started. He did this before leaving every station, and I asked him after a while what he was doing. He looked at me very earnestly and said: 'My little lad, do you ever pray?' I replied, 'Oh, yes sir! I pray every morning and evening ' 'Well, my dear boy,' said he, 'when I kneel down I pray. There are, perhaps, two hundred lives now on this train intrusted to my care. A little mistake on my part might send all, or many of these souls to eternity. So at every station I ask my Heavenly Father to help me. He has helped me, and in all the years I have been on this engine not a single human being of the thousands that have ridden on my train, has been harmed. I have never had an accident.'' For four years the life and words of tbat praying engineer had bi en constantly present with this boy and became at length the means of leading him into a Christian life. Angel of Peace.