Sanitary. THE NECESSITY OF BATHING. The fact that so few persons take regular baths seems to be due largely to a lack of the proper knowledge of the structure and function of the skin. The skin is the largest single excretory organ of the body, and the health of the individual largely depends upon the proper performance of its functions. It is only necessary to examine the skin over the end of one of the fingers with a good pocket lens to become convinced that it must have some great function to fulfill. If, now, a section be made perpendicular to the &gt;urface, and examined under a high power jf the microscope, this structure will be resolved into many different elements. One of the first things noticed i.-&gt; the great number of minute tubes, about one-four-hundredths of an inch i i diameter, twisted into coils in the deeper parts, extending through the entire thickness of the ekin, and opening on the surface. On some parts of the body there are as many as 2,700 in each square inch; and it has been estimated that the total number of sweat glands in the human body amounts to several millions. If all these coiled tubes could be unraveled, their entire length would measure about two and a half miles. Physiologists state that when the skin acts in a healthy manner, there are over two pounds, or pints, of fluid given off by these glands every 24 hours. It is now more readily understood how we can so easily 'catch cold'' from chilling this vast excreting surface, and throwing all this excretion back into the body. The importance of kpeping the openings of these glands on the surface clear and free, therefore, cannot be over-estimated. Proper bathing and friction are positively necessary, that the channels for this vast amount of fluid may not be clogged, for 'a perfectly active skin means a great deal toward a perfectly active general system.' Besides these, there are other glands, which are of especial importance, as some of the most annoying diseases of the skin have their seat in them. We refer to the glands found in connection with the hair-follicles. The secretion from these glands is of an oily nature, and if the skin be healthy this secretion is perfectly fluid at the temperature of the body. If, however, the openings of the glands become clogged, from neglected bathing, their work is thrown on other organs of the body, the skin becomes dry and hard, and slow disease follows. From this very brief accoiint it is clearly shown that a neglected pkin means endangered health, while an active, healthy skin means a great deal toward an active, healthy general system. It must follow, therefore, that an unhealthy skin bears a close relation to such affections as Bright's disease, dyspepsia, rheumatism and the long list of internal inflammatory complaints. While it is true that every house cannot afford its expensive bath room, and while the simple sponge bath is far from satisfactory, yet now that efficient, cheap, and durable portable baths, both light and compact, are extensively advertised for sale, there is no excuse for neglect of this important law of nature Every house, surely every home, should have its bath, in health invaluable and in sickness indispensable. C. H. Stowell, M. D. WHOLESOME STIMULANTS. Milk heated to much above 100 degrees Fahrenheit loses for a time a degree of its sweetness and density. No one who fatigued by over-exertion of body or mind, has ever experienced the reviving influence of a tumbler of this beverage, heated as hot as it can be sipped, will willingly forego a resort to it because of its being rendered somewhat less acceptable to the palate The promptness with which its cordial influence is felt is indeed surprising. Some portions of it seems to be digested and appropriated almost immediately, and many who now fancy they need alcoholic stimulants when exhausted by fatigue will find'this simple draught an equivalent that will be abundantly satisfying and far more enduring in its effects. 'There is many an ignorant, overworked woman who fancies she could not keep up without her beer; she mistakes its momentary exhilaration for strength, and applies the whip instead of nourishment to her poor, exhausted frame. Any honest, intelligent physician will tell her that there is more real strength and nourishment in a slice of biead than in a quart of beer; but if she loves stimulants it would be a very useless piece of information. It is claimed that some of the lady clerks in our own city, and those, too, who are employed in respectable business-houses are in the habit of ordering ale or beer at the restaurants. They probably claim that they are 'tired,' and no one who sees their faithful devotion to customers all day will doubt their assertions. But they should not mistake beer for a blessing or stimulus for strength. A careful examination of statistics will prove that men and women who do not drink can endure more hardships and do more work and live longer than those less temperate.' New York Medical Record