Although the life of Jesus and his spiritual labors... Although the life of Jesus and his spiritual labors on the earth were of very limited duration, and his time was spent, largely, among a class of people who recorded but little of what he may have said, or of the wonderful signs that he brought forward as evidence of his divine calling, yet the brief account of a life, so thoroughly devoted to righteousness, so filled with self-renunciation and so consecrated to spiritual attainments, which has been preserved to us is a source of great consolation, and from which many, very many lessons may be learned that will serve to make one wise unto salvation. It is of but little consequence to us that religious sects have multiplied in the earth, and have asserted a divine right to mark out a plan of salvation. Unless this plan, as well defined as it may be, is found to be in harmony with the cross of Christ, it cannot possibly be 'the way, the truth and the life.' From the first introduction of man upon the earth, agreeably to historical evidence, God has been recognized and a religious influence has been manifested among men. Sacrifices have been made, self-denial has been imposed and rites and ceremonies have developed with the race. When Jerusalem was in its glory, these ceremonies were very elaborate, while the beautiful adornings of the temple and the garments of the gorgeously arrayed priests were among the wonders of the age. And the Jews were God's peculiar people. To this people he had committed his word and made known to them his divine presence. With the advent of Jesus Christ came a wonderful change. Instead of becoming a priest and officiating in the great temple, surrounded by so much splendor, he chose rather to hold his religious service on the mountain or in a boat by the sea-shore. Instead of having the kings and princes, arrayed in their 'purple and fine linen,' to listen to his discourse, he had a few, poor fishermen, who toiled early and late to earn their daily bread. The temple with its rich adornings was not appreciated as being of special value as a place for worship, and where men could more readily be led toward God. Not even to be a resident in the holy city was thought to confer any rights or privileges upon the devout worshipers within its sacred limits. Jesus cast aside all this ostentation and glitter and gave his disciples to understand that neither mountain nor temple were essential, but that those who would worship God must do it in spirit and in truth. And from that date the disciples of the lowly Nazarene have been found among those who have forsaken the customs and fashions of the world, and have conscientiously given their lives to God. No one for a moment could entertain the thought that the calling of a disciple would lead him to become a recluse and ignore all the advantages of a progressive, civilized and highly cultivated age. That type would be a poor apology for a man, and a much poorer one for a Christian. We think of Jesus as one wko was deeply in earnest, and thoroughly determined to establish among men, a knowledge of the kingdom of God. He passed from city to city and from village to village, teaching by precept and example the incoming of that righteousness, which should make the kingdoms of this world to become the kingdoms of our Lord. Without a fixed habitation 'he went about doing good,' among the Jews, the Samaritans, the Phenicians and other nations, preaching the acceptable day of the Lord. To those in need of spiritual care he was the minister of 'good news and glad tidings.' Can we do less than this and maintain the claim of true discipleship before our divine Teacher. All this brings us to the humble mission of doing good among men; and our life work, if successful, must be so well defined and so in harmony with the Cross, that it may be 'known and read of all men.' If we are aggressive against the evils that are in the world, we should not lose sight of the evil and the worldly element within our own sphere of action and which may well need our constant attention. To be in Christ is to be separate from the world, and whatever we have or whatever we do will be under the influence of that spirit.