HOW TO CONVERT SOULS. One thing can never fail, and that is individual effort. When each Christian becomes to his brother as the Lord Jesus Christ, when in him is seen, not pride, and ease, and sensitiveness about appreciation, and a desire for publicity, but an absorbing passion to make everything bend to the salvation of those around us, then artisans and professional men will throng to the churches. All admire genuineness. People will go where men are transformed by their religion. The power of God evident in you and me will draw others to the place where we worship. That power will manifest itself in as many different ways as the power of God in nature. It will make things bend, not toward building up a denomination or a church, or doing things as the fathers did, but toward getting hold of men as they are to-day. The church, in the spirit of Jesus Christ, must always be seeking an opportunity, at cost of time and effort, of wealth and suffering, to go to those who will not come to it, and to go in such a way that it shall prove that He who came not to be ministered to, but to minister, is still going about doing good. An eloquent writer says : 'The church is to tell men that if God was a Redeemer of old, He is a Redeemer now; that if He was the Judge of kings and priests and nobles in old times, . . . He is so still. The church is to tell men that if God in other days took cognizance of the bag of deceitful weights, and of the sins of the employer who kept back by fraud the wages of the laborer, He does so still. The church is to teach men that society exists for the sake of the human beings who compose it, not to further the accumulation of capital, which is only one of its instruments..... The church is to declare that the spiritual and eternal kingdom which God has prepared for them that love Him is about men now, and that they may enter into it; and that his government of this spiritual and eternal world does not make Him less interested for the earth which He has formed for the habitation of man, in which He watches over him and blesses him, and which He desires that he should till and subdue according to the command which He gave him on the creation day. Herald and Star.