THE SABBATH. Sarah J. Burger. It has been said that the ''Sabbath was made for man and not man for the Sabbath.' We read in the Scriptures, 'Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work but the seventh day thou shalt rest.' Not that any day is of itself holy, but that it is necessary to set apart a portion of time for physical rest, and for the exercise of our religious feelings, in devotion, prayer aud praise. Sabbath, from the Hebrew word Shabbath, literally means rest from labor. The divine institution of the Jewish Sabbath was held sacred by the ancient people ; they not only kept the seventh day holy, but they had numerous sabbatical seasons, in which they were taught to fulfill their duty to God and man. Since the Christian era, the day of rest is called the Lord's day, because it is held in commemoration of the resurrection of Jesus. Sabbath and Sunday are used as synonymous terms, but are different in meaning, the former denotes the institution, the latter is a name given by the Romans in honor of the Sun which they worshiped on the first day of the week. No day is especially holy only as our deeds make it so, it is therefore good to have a day especially appropriated for spiritual culture, and for the exercise of all the better faculties of our being. The mind thus withdrawn from temporal duties, which in a great degree claim our attention, can now fully realize that we are immortal beings, and not destined to be wholly absorbed in materiality. And as all have a right to choose their own day, and worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences, no matter what the form may be, if there is a reaching out in the soul after Divin^ ity, that feeling should be held sacred and should command our highest respect. Truth, knowledge and spirituality, are unfolditig humanity and leading them up to grander planes of thought and life. When mankind become so progressed that they will devote all their powers for good to beneficent purposes, the earth will be blest with a perpetual Sabbath ; God's kingdom shall bt; with men and righteousness and peace will abide forever. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.