SUPERIOR LIFE. Chancy Dibble. It is a blessed fortune to be rescued from the paths of sin. To be enlightened by 'the inspiration of Christ. To kuow that the foundations of happiness are purity, peace aud love. The Grospel is a healing power to soul and body. It holds the Angel World iu harmony. We cast our eye towards that abyss where people are wallowing in selfish indulgences, and we sec the suffering darkness aud ignorauce into which it plunges them, tuid our souls cry out, O Lord how long shall die inbred foe triumph. We realize that our escape even iu a degree is the free gift of the Father and Mother, to whom all souls are alike precious. Hence the mighty responsibility we are under to impart this boon of salvation to contrite souls around us. Not by conforming to the groveling passions of men, but by maintaining the superior life. The natural order is rudimental, its subjects are undeveloped spiritually. The Heavenly is more refined and the souls of all aspire towards the elements of purity. We must enter by the door. None are too great to be humbled. Man, unregenerated, can on ly see in his own sphere. He cannot penetrate the realms beyond where Jesus aud all the purified dwell. Neither can spirits iu eternity comprehend the superior life only as they travel to it. Spiritualists of our day, whom we respect, who talk of blending flesh and spirit, have not dissolved the tie that exposes them to passion. The manifestations of those spirits with whom they come in rapport are in character similar. Hence false Christs aud false spirits assuming to be angels of light. 'By their fruits ye shall know them.' Jesus loves the souls of all mankind, but his spirit is out of sight of the proud, the vicious and vain. There is a wide separation which must be overcome to reach that bliss that flows from a pure life. The broad foundation of Christian brotherhood is based upon equality, and we cannot enter with our selfish passions and possessions, our partialities and evil habits. Our spirits cannot ascend thus encumbered. Watervliet, N. Y.