Evolution or Revolution, Which? Hamilton De Graw. In a vision of the night, when my spirit was drawn from earthly things, a gleam of light from the heavenly shore revealed to my soul the grand coming time when the harvest home will be sounded, and all the false conditions of human society shall perish, and none shall be without the means of both physical and spiritual support, when the brotherhood of man shall be established throughout the universe of mind. But, 'Watchman, what of the night,' do the faint star gleams that our vision behold betoken a bright and glorious dawning of the sun of righteousness, or is it to rise through the dark clouds of revolution ? As effect follows cause so must the result of humanity's acts effect the condition of thousands yet unborn for their weal or woe. The golden age is yet to come. Are we to realize it through the peaceful evolution of the race from the false systems of the past, gradually and beautifully unfolding through the ministry of angels, or, as the revelator saw when entranced in vision the vials of wrath poured out upon the children of men for disobedience to the laws of Grod as revealed to them. Let us hope for the better, even though we hear the murmur of discontent from the oppressed of all lands growing louder and more determined as the years roll on. The American people look with horror upon the scenes enacted by the French Revolution, but do we realize that we are in glass houses ? that the social and economic system ife that culminated in the Revolution is finding its counterpart in the monopolistic tendencies of the day. Land monopoly, trusts and combinations that is putting weights on the safety valve of human thought and action and creating class distinction until there is an upheaval, nay, an explosion. The words of Thomas Jefferson when alluding to chattel slavery, are applicable to present conditions, UI tremble for my country when I think that God is just.' 'And I saw a new heaven and a new earth, for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away.' Prophets have prophesied, poets have sung, and martyrs have laid down their lives for the consummation of that long wished for time when all shall sit under their own vine and fig tree and nothing shall harm in all God's holy mountain. An unrest and feverish condition of society's pulse beat indicate momentous changes. May the divine ministry of angels guide the footsteps of man in the paths of wisdom and peace. Sonyea, N. Y.