OBEDIENCE. Lucy S. Bowers. It is recorded of a certain great philosopher, that a friend who went to see him, met the philosopher's little daugh- ter before he met the philosopher himself. Knowing that the father was such a deeply learned man, the friend thought that the little girl must have learned something very deep and grave from him. So he said to her, 'What is your father teaching you ?' The little maid looked up to him with her clear blue eyes and just said the word ' Obedience.' This noble man was teaching one of the most important lessons of life, and one which if not learned bv every one in early life will bring trouble as a consequence. Too many parents and guardians neglect their duty in this respect; they have a right to ask and enforce obedience. The command is: 'Children obey your parents.' A story is told of the imperative government of an Austrian queen, Maria Theresa ; in her household her word was law and none of her children ever thought it possible to disobey her. At one time the companion of one of her sons died of virulent small-pox and was buried in the royal tombs ; later a daughter was about to leave the kingdom for a union in Italy; her imperial mother reminded her of her duty to visit the tombs before departure, as was customary ; she knew then that her doom was sealed, but there was no alternative and she had to submit; she went, said her short prayer as quickly as possible and left; she had caught the disease and s oon died; this we must admit was rather extreme. Children of later times are precocious and independent, and early assume the right and responsibility of their own actions, chafing under restrictions and instead of being controlled, they are allowed latitude in doing as they choose, and often in their tenderest years become impertinent and insulting. If they were carefully and constantly trained from infancy upward, these things would be avoided in a great degree, and parents would receive the honor due them and thus save many sufferings and griefs of a broken heart. This same waywardness manifested in childhood follows through the stages of youth, and maintains itself in haughtiness and uncontrollable recklessness which makes them heedless of the experience of others; they scorn instruction and are carried headlong into the gulf of dissipation and every kind of sin, and consequent troubles which they might otherwise have escaped; many learn this when it is too late. It is related of Minucius a Roman Geueral who acted in the second of the Punic wars, that he disobeyed the orders of Fabius his wise superior, and soon found himself in great difficulty in a war which he incautiously ventured to risk, and through which Fabius kindly aided him ; afterward he addressed his army in the following words: 'Fellow soldiers, I have often heard it said, that the wisest men are those who possess wisdom and sagacity themselves, and next to them, those who know how to perceive and are willing to be guided by the wisdom and sagacity of others; while they are fools who do not know how to conduct themselves and will not be guided by those who do.' After this they all went to the camp of Fabius and made reconciliations : there is much truth and goodness in this, and the confession showed true nobility. The laws of military discipline are very strict and imperious, and in theory they are never to be disobeyed. Officers and soldiers of all ranks and gradations must obey the orders which they receive from the authority above them without looking at the consequences, or deviating from the line marked out, on any pretext whatever. ' It is in fact the very essence of military subordination and efficiency, that a command, once given, suspends all exercise of judgment or discretion on the part of the one to whom it is addressed ;' and it is said that a good general or a good government would prefer generally that harm should be done by a strict obedience to commands, rather than secure a benefit by our unauthorized deviation from them. It is a good principle in social life where many are acting together, for it secures order and system. It becomes us all to learn 'from the wise and the unwise,' and everything that passes before us, and to yield ourselves to the impressions of good. It would be well if all would obey the still small voice in their souls. All are susceptible to the feeling of guilt and often suffer from it; by this cultivation we should have a moral standard and would be able to follow the course of righteous duty through life unimpeded by evil, being firm in sustaining and adhering to principles of truth, however much they may demand of sacrifice, this manner of action will develop character of worth and high standing. Samuel Smiles said; 'Obedience, submission, discipline, courage, these are among the characteristics which make a man.' Mi. Lebanon, N. Y.