Sanitary. DIETETIC CRAZES. Insufficiency of Nourishment as Injurious as Too Much. A Chicago physician has recently taken the position that there are more people killed every year by insufficiency of nourishment than by overloading their stomachs, says a, writer in the San Francisco Chronicle. The fact is, he says, that most people do not eat enough, and, above all things, they do not eat meat enough. In direct opposition to this physician's opinion is the dictum of the celebrated Abernethy that a hundred people die of repletion to one of starvation. Wonderful as its advances have been, the science of healing is still far from being exact. Given the same subject, the same conditions, and two examining physicians, and the chances are that the diagnoses will be widely different. One doctor will tell a patient that the palpitation of the heart from which he is suffering is due to permanent cardiac weakness ; while the second will assure him that it is ascribable to indigestion, and is only a temporary trouble. Post mortem examinations play havoc with the concrete wisdom of an ante-mortem consultation; and a change of doctors without any change of disease invariably means a change of treatment. But the object of this article is not to arraign the medical profession, but to enter a protest against the harmful utterances of the hundred and one professors of dietetics who persist in confounding their own stomachs with everybody else's stomach. A peculiarity of the authority on diet is that he is not content with anything less than a cure-all. Some time ago the announcement was made that the demon of dyspepsia must be drowned in hot water, taken as a drink. Forthwith the dyspeptics began to scald their insides and then wondered why that which was tender before grew to be tenderer still. Nor was the evil confined to this tenderness. The new order of caloro-hydropaths insisted that it was necessary to distend the stomach, and the stomach having once got into the habit of being distended, was constantly demanding distension. The desire so created was an urgent one, and a craving was set up which was quite as absolute in its way as that which arises from the use of ardent spirits or chloral. Directly oppose/! to the hot water drinkers were those who pinned their faith upon the sovereign efficacy of cold water as an article of diet. It is God's own brewing, 'Adam's ale,' they said, and the flowing streams, purling brooks and limpid lakes were pointed out as a pellucid proof that cold water was intended to be the universal drink of man. The stomach should be treated to a glassful of this natural liquor before breakfast and there would be no more dyspepsia, provided cold water were used, and plenty of it. Then arose another sect who declared that much cold water was just as harmful as much hot water, and very little cold water should be drunk, and none at all unless it had been boiled. It was just as absurd, said this sect, for a man to drink water in its natural state as it was for him to eat carrots or sheep's trotters in their natural state Everything was full of low and dangerous forms of existence which had to be killed by heat before it was a fit article of food Just as there were trichinae in pork, so there were microbes in water, and the man was a fool who ran the risk of taking in scarlet germs as he quenched his thirst at the purling brook, or endangered his children's health by giving them horrid and unboiled bacteria out of the limpid lake. Against these gentlemen of the kettle and cookpot were arrayed the believers in an Edenic diet, who held that, so far as food was concerned, whatever is, is right, and that a raw turnip was a very fit turnip. Nothing must be cooked, not even rice, and all that was necessary to achieve a lusty and well preserved old age was to feed on uncooked vegetables and munch on unboiled cereals. These are but few examples of the stupid way in which some one particular food or fashion of feeding has been made to do duty as a general nostrum. The school of common sense is a good one to consult sometimes, and if its practitioners have only succeeded in mastering the truth that what is one man's meat is another man's poison, they have, at any rate, reached a safe seat. There can be no general rule for eating, and the sooner we come to that conclusion the better. Age, climate, occupation, constitution have all to be considered before attempting any experiments in nutrition. Boston Herald.