Books and Papers. Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Journal of Health. March, Contents : The Eaid on the M. D's ; A Victim of Trances ; Science of P.sycnometry : San Marino ; Magnetic Hygiene ; Monaco : A Materialist converted; Domestic Science; Concerning Criminals ; The Human Body as a Machine: The Camphor Tree, etc., etc. 206 Broadway, N. Y. $1.00 per yr. Heaven Revised Heaven Revised, a narrative of personal experiences after the change called Death. By Mrs. E. B. Duffey. This is a most singular title as it militates so directly against the churchal idea of the term heaven. Personal experiences before death are not uncommon, but personal experiences after death will be looked upon, by many, as savoring of the marvelous 1 The narrative is very interesting and instructive and abounds in inspirational emotions of so pure a character that they cannot, otherwise, than do good to those who still remain on the material side of life. The work embraces ten chapters. Death, The Resurrection, Day of Judgment, As the Angels, Into the Depths, Work, Knowledge and Wisdom, The Pure in Heart, A great Multitude, Temples for Holy Spirits and The Field. Although every chapter will be read with interest, 'In the Depths' has a passage so in harmony with our own spirit teaching that we give it as written. 'What class of people in earth life con tribute to people this sphere? Those whose hearts are not inherently bad, but whose spiritual natures have not been developed; those who have lived selfish lives, finding in the gratification of the animal instincts and propensities their greatest, in fact their only pleasure. They are incredulous as to even the existence of a higher sphere than their own, because their spiritual perceptions have not been awakened.' 'What is their manner of living? Very similar to that to which they were accustomed on earth. Good and evil impulses alike sway them by turns. They know no pleasure beyond those of the senses, and selfishness is the dominant feeling. They have their discords and contentions, their misunderstandings and their feuds, the same as on earth ; yet they will tell you that they are contented and happy.' Some of this chapter will remind one of Dante's pilgrimage through Purgatory, a country so full of strange experiences and through which so many incline to pass. From the Religio-Philosophical Pub. House, Chicago, 111. Price 25 cts.