TO WHAT ARE WE COMING? Dr. Carl. The tendency of the age is toward money making. The poor wish to get rich and the rich aspire to greater riches, and in too many instances the tradesmen, the farmers, the mechanics and the professional men, are no longer satisfied with a small profit, but desire to do in one year what it took their grandfathers to accomplish in a score of years. The slow but sure method of earning money is no longer fashionable. It belongs to the old style coach period. The six per. cent investment is laughed at. What was called rascality by our fathers, passes current now for business shrewdness. If a man can evade the law he is called sharp, and society hails him as a shrewd manager. If a man can represent himself something different from what he truly is, he is the man, and many will put their confidence in him. But shall this continue? Shall we not learn something from human nature? Why not stop and ask, Is it right? -Is it honest? Is it true? Is it just? Shall we not as a nation, as a people, ask what can be done to arrest this fatal tendency of the age ? The remedy we think is with the people. The public, moral condition must be improved. We must come back to the common sense virtues of the past, when a rich man was no better than a poor one. when men were honored and judged by the weight of their brains and not by their gold. Let those who would be men of influence be so only by their moral worth, men of honesty, temperance, virtue, Godliness and who will defend those of corresponding character, because it is right and for the good of mankind. Let the press of the nation, the courts of justice, and may we not add, the pulpit, labor in defense of the right. There are honest men yet in every community. They do not throng the side-walk nor block the street by their numbers, yet they can be fouud if the people will look for them. Summon them to the front and make personal integrity the line of advancement as a means to strengthen the welfare of the nation and of all mankind. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.