ALTRUISM. Martha J. Anderson. 'Man's life can only have one reasonable object, namely, to benefit humanity ; and only he can hope to live eternally, who obtains the power to live not in his perishable self, but in the spiritual elements of the race.' The divine principle in man ever struggles for the ascendency. The grossness that clings to his nature is the remnant of his animal heredity. For ages the genus homo has been climbing; slow stages of progress mark his steps onward from brutal instincts, base desires and barbarous deeds, to greater degrees of unfoldment and refinement. The cave-dweller of the past wholly given to selfish animalism, would strangely contrast with the bright soul-orbed philosopher of the present time. Grandly distinctive types of manhood have appeared occasionally down through the centuries, superior in mind and soul to the conditions of environment; as if nature made a mighty effort to reveal the prophecies of the future, aud centered the life aud light of the cosmos in individual suns, as an inspiration and stimulus to lift mankind to higher altitudes of thought aud action. Yet the masses still grovel in low loves and sensuous pleasures, incapable of comprehending the high destiny of the soul, or the true import of endless existence. 'Let us eat, drink*and be merry for to-morrow we die' is the language of the yet unenlightened. Instinctive love, having its origin and seat in the basilar region of the brain, sways and controls the natural man and woman ; its emotions are physical and sensuous, and its life was only designed to subserve certain uses and functions on the animal plane of being. Altruistic love resides in the upper coronal region, its impulse and activity are derived from the spiritual nature, and only as the regenerating process goes on in the soul will its influence counteract and hold in check the lower forces that bind and enslave the spirit in the gross realm of materiality. Our nature is ennobled, and our character crystalized in virtue just in proportion as we love our fellow-beings, aud merge our interest and happiness, in the interest and happiness of others. In the lofty regions of altruistic faith we lose sight of our own individuality. Self is annihilated, or absorbed in a life of unselfish devotion. To share with others our gifts, talents, pleasures and delights is supreme bliss, our ever present reward the inflowing peace and consciousness of right doing. This sublime state of attainment is not reached while we cling to the old Adamic, generative nature, whose every thought and act is self-centered egotism. Altruism in its broadest sense, begets love of so exalted a nature, that self is put last in consideration of the benefit and pleasure we may confer on others. It impels us to make sacrifices for the good of the race and for the advancement of righteousness and truth on the earth ; it also inspires us with faith in others and a recognition of virtues and talents that are without the pale of outown personal selfish ambitions. l'If I be lifted up I will draw all men unto me' said the gentle Nazarene. It is this potent psychical power of good, centralized in the pure and noble minded, that shall be effective in uplifting and redeeming the race. If we truly become the offspring of Wisdom and Love, we shall dwell continually in the atmosphere of Universal Benevolence, and our life-influence as far as it extends will be a constant benediction to mankind. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.