THE KINGDOM'S STANDARD. Cecelia De Vere. Tis reared upon the mountain's height, And floats out on the morning air, The standard of the Living Light, The answer to the centuries' prayer. 'Thy kingdom come,' the nation's prayed, While yet they fiercely, blindly strove, Nor dreamed that kingdom must be laid Through toil, in righteousness and love. 'Thy kingdom come,' the prophet moaned, When intuition stirred his soul, For all the world his word disowned, . And ancient wrongs held full control. 'Thy kingdom come,' the seer cried, As ecstacy upon him fell, The gates of heaven opening wide Entranced him with uplifting spell. The wrapt musician sitting dumb, Heard music from the angel choirs, Until the chant, 'Thy kingdom come,' Had thrilled him as with altar fires. On rack, on gibbet and at stake, And in the dungeon's eddying gloom, Brave souls whose courage would not break, Stood firm and prayed, 'Thy kingdom come.' They died in hosts, they died alone, Their tortures, thought can scarcely bear, But well they knew all hope was sown For time's fulfillment in that prayer. Some deemed the clouds across the day, The only barriers between; Some viewed it as a distant ray, A star, not always to be seen. The solemn news, Lo there ! Lo here ! Oft' sounded like the thunder's tread* But when the listening earth drew near, It found the Heralds cold and dead. Then was there born unto the race, A prophetess with sacred call, Who claimed no proud exalted place, On watch-tower or on turret-wall. For her, the humble valley low, The bitter cup and cleansing stream; The purifying flames that glow, The inward being to redeem. In sackcloth that repentance wove, In ashes of consumed desires, In grief that had its source in love, In faith that inspiration fires ; She sought for sin of every name; Went down to fathom human loss, The prayed for kingdom to her came Thruugh revelation of the cross. To victory she bore that sign, 'Mid persecutions up the steep, Until she saw its glory shine For seeking souls to gain and keep. Then was she clothed as with the sun, With man-wrought reason 'neath her feet, That gift of revelation won, Made earth and heaven hence-forth meet, That gift of revelation new, Protects the kingdom's changeful day. For, from its standard bearers true Its might will never pass away. * Though weak and wavering souls should fail, Or God's commissioned ones should fall, Yet will the kingdom's strength prevail, For noble spirits He will call. They who the standard's grace maintain Above Mount Zion's happy homes, Are heirs with Christ, to work and reign, Until the Perfect Kingdom comes. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.