MAN'S HUMANITY FOR MAN. I entered St. Patrick's Cathedral. As usual, there was an official in waiting, who received donations, and who presented the plate for my contribution. I put in, as I supposed, a sixpence and passed on, stopping a moment inside the font to examine a miniature model of the great edifice. I paused again, when the person had followed and spoken to me who received my donation. Holding a guinea, he wished to know if I had not made a mistake and put more than I had intended in the plate. I did have a guinea in my pocket when I left the ship. It was not there now. Here was honesty and religion of a high order, and I would have gladly told the faithful official to keep it for another church. But I instantly thought of other and poorer mothers, who needed all I had to bestow, and took the gold coin back, replacing it, however, with double what I had intended before. As I was walking alongside of the ship I noticed an oldish gentleman looking wistfully at the vessel, and I said, 'Will you walk on board! Thank you said he, I am Mr. Johnston the Bethel Preacher, and like to look about the wharves and ships. When the steward rang the bell, I asked the clergyman in to take tea. I seated him at my left, the chief officer always sits at the right,, and began uncovering the dishes to see what the steward had for us. I noticed the mate was very quiet, and my visitor looked wistfully at me. In a trembling, hesitating way he said, Captain, may I ask the Almighty Father to let his blessing rest upon this food? I bowed at once and begged him to forgive me for not thinking of that before. He called upon God to look down upon us, and in mercy to bless this ship and these officers and their dear friends so far from Australian shores, the owner and all, in such a simple, pleading manner, that I declare, I felt I was entertaining angels unawares and that a greater than I had come to sup with me. 0, how many beautiful things are right along our wayside, if we will only but see them. How many are ready to give us the riches of comfort and hope if we will only but stretch out our hands and take them. Boston Journal.