In the exhibition which is before the world... In the exhibition which is before the world, to-day, it would seem that a lesson might be learned that would fully demonstrate the difference between a Christian Church, and a church that is circumscribed by a creed. Jesus in speaking of his mission to his disciples, said, ' Greater works than these shall ye do,' and at that time he was spiritually healing the sick, giving sight to the blind and hearing to the deaf. He was buildingup a new order on the revelation of God and teaching man that to worship God, he must do it in spirit and in truth. It was not to be confined to a city like Jerusalem nor to the mountains like those of Samaria. To discipline themselves into peaceful relations with mankind, would secure to them a place among God's children, and by the purification of the heart, they were permitted to march into the Kingdom of God and into the very presence of our Heavenly Father. Such was the religion of Jesus which was to be preached to the world. It was a growing revelation which would lead man by degrees from the relation of the world, and establish him in the peaceable Kingdom of Christ. The creedal church admits of no change. The lines have been drawn, the seals set, and the spiritual growth of that body determined by a majority vote. This is one of the singular ways to make an heir for the kingdom of heaven, but so long as it is in the power of man to make and accept a creed, or to be led by the spirit of God without a creed, the two forms of religionists will be known among men. The only advancement toward God, however, that either class will ever make, will be made manifest before the world, by their steadfastness in a life of righteousness and peace. In accepting the doctrine of our divine Teacher as the way and the truth, it becomes imperative that we should follow his example in the truth. If he advocated the principle of peace then we should learn the best way to promote peace, first in our own souls and then in those around us. When the apostle put that direct and essential question before his hearers he was testing their depth of love for the Christian principles. 'For he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen ?' But the Christians as well as Pagans have not hesitated to persecute and to put to death those who did not subscribe to their formula of religious belief, and contend that in this they were doing God's service. Even so late as in this wonderful age of light, the Christian Church is actively engaged in the same murderous scheme. Proctor in his history of the crusades makes mention of the order of the knights of St. John of Jerusalem : Its origin was long before the crusades when some Italian merchants purchased a license to found a hospital for the benefit of sick and poor pilgrims. They devoted themselves to the care of the suffering and were contented with the coarsest fare while they gave a better to their patients. At the time of the crusades they introduced a military character into their order without discarding their religious garb and profession. The union of chivalric and religious sentiment, however discordant in modern ideas, was equally congenial to the spirit of the age and thenceforth the banner and battle cry of the Knights of St. John were seen and heard foremost and loudest in every encounter with the Infidel enemy. It was, indeed, a singular combination of the Prince of Peace and the Demon of war. Accepting it as a truth that 'No man can serve two masters,' and that ' Ye cannot serve God and mammon' we conclude that the hospitalers of St. John, on their introduction into the war element, for the murder of Infidels or Pagans, left their gospel Teacher of peace and accepted the teaching of Satan. And yet how nearly like the more enlightened and the more seemingly religious of this present day. The following will show how discordant this amalgamation of peace and war rests upon modern ears. The Churches of the nineteenth century may well boast of some advancement beyond their brethren of the tenth century, but it must be conceded that they still have itching ears for martial music, and a fancy for salvation through the horrors of war and through streams of blood. The Christians of England have recently formed an organisation that is half religious and half military, and is known as the ' Boys Brigade.' And modern ideas of Christian Churches in this wonderfully christianized America, have not been shocked in the least. Some Sunday school teachers in the City of Glasgow have the honor of forming this very Christian amalgamation. 'It has a paid staff and a present strength throughout England and Scotland of 800 officers and 11,000 boys. There are church parades, when all the boys muster at the school and march to the church in uniform. There are ambulance instruction and stretcher drill, with instructions how to render ' first aid to the injured.' ' The modern church has no occasion to be surprised at the course taken by the Knights of St. John. Their life harmonized with their surroundings. Their education was largely in the war camp and on the battle field, and their Christian glory was in persecuting their enemies the Infidels of Jerusalem. We however, may well express our surprise that the professed Church of Christ, in the light of the present age, when Peace Societies abound, and when humane Societies are encouraging those of every age to exercise the law of kindness toward both man and beast, can be so thoroughly instilled with an anti Christian principle as to teach that the horrors of war and the blessings of peace are in harmony, and admissible doctrine for the Kingdom of God. But Christians do not fight with carnal weapons. They are told to pray for their enemies and not to murder them and during the first century no Christians were to be found ill the army.