A SPIRITUAL BIBLE SCHOOL LESSON. Dr. Carl. God is a Spirit. Jno. iv.. 24. Quench not the Spirit. 1 Thess. v., 19. They that worship him must worship him in Spirit and in truth. Jno. iv.. 24. The hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshipers shall worship the Father in Spirit and in truth. Jno. iv., 23. The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, long-suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith. Gal. v., 22. To be carnally minded is death ; but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Rom. viii., 6. He that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting. Gal. vi., 8. Whither shall I go from thy Spirit? or whither shall I flee from thy presence? Psa. cxxxix., 7. As many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God. Rom. viii., 14. Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. Jno. ill.v 5. The law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death. Rom. viii., 2. The Spirit itself beareth witness with our Spirit, that we are the children of God ; and if children, then heirs ; heirs of God, and joint heirs with Christ. Rom. viii., lo, 17. Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you? 1 Cor. iii., 16. Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Spirit which is in you? 1 Cor. vi., 19. Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities ; And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints. Rom. viii., 26, 27. Create in me a clean heart, O God ; and renew a right Spirit within me. Cast me not away from thy presence ; and take not thy Holy Spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation ; and uphold me with thy free Spirit. Psa. li., 10, 11, 12. The Lord is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart; and saveth such as be of a contrite Spirit. Psa. xxxiv., 18. Blessed is the man unto whom the Lord imputeth not iniquity, and in whose Spirit there is no guile. Psa. xxxii., 2. There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus. who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit. Rom. viii., 1. Ye are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his. And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin ; but the Spirit is life because of righteousness. For if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die; but if ye through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live. Rom. viii., 9, 10, 13. Pride goeth before destruction, and a haughty Spirit before a fall. Better is it to be of an humble Spirit with the lowly, than to divide the spoil with the proud. He that is slow to anger is better than ijhe mighty ; and he that ruleth his Spirit than he that taketh a city. Prov. xvi., 18, 19, 32. Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh. For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh ; and these are contrary the one to the other ; so that ye cannot do the things that ye would. But if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law. If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit. Gal. v., 16, 17, 18, 25. Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace. And be renewed in the Spirit of your mind ; And put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness, and true holiness. Eph. iv., 3, 23, 24. For the fruit of the Spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth. Eph. v.,9. And take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God. Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching. Eph. vi., 17, 18. Hereby know we that we dwell in him, and he in us, because he hath given us of his Spirit. Beloved, believe not every Spirit, but try the Spirits whether they are of God. Hereby know ye the Spirit of God ; Every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God; And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come : and even now already is in the world. 1 Jno. iv., 13, 1, 2, 3. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.