IN REMEMBRANCE OF Brother PETER BOYD. By O. C. Hampton. 'A wit's a feather and a chii f s a rod, An honest man's the noblest work of God.' See page 144. It may be said that Br. Peter has lived among Believers during a period of 82 yrs., as his parents believed and united with the Society a short time before he was born. The writer has been intimately acquainted with the deceased for about 54 years, and a more genial fair-minded upright man he never saw. Years and years may take their silent flight across the horizon of our Western Zion ere we shall look upon his like again. When I think of his truly glorious career, I am filled with the aspiration of the rapt seer of old 'Let me die the deatli of the righteous and let my last end be like his.' He has filled with honor and unimpeachable integrity the highest and most sacred Offices of trust and responsibility for years and years which were within the gift and patronage of the Church, and has uniformly vacated the same when requested so to do, with the same cheerfulness and tranquility with which he assumed them. His modesty was above all praise and. his kindness and humanity to mankind and even all creatures susceptible to pain was simply unbounded. When asked if poor and homeless persons should be lodged over night and fed, his uniform answer was, The Order, and also Mother said, 'You should not turn the poor and needy from your doors.' When some were about to sell to the world two faithful old horses, he sent them an indignant interdict and stopped the sale. I heard him say he had care of cows for seven years, and had treated them with care and tenderness in weaning the calves. It is safe to say that no one has ever lived at Union Village who has enjoyed the esteem and confidence of all both inside and outside of Zion far and rear and on all sides to a greater extent than good Bro. Peter. And yet so altogether unassuming was he, that although acquainted with the Higher Mathematics and Astronomy, equal to constructing Logarithms and calculating Eclipses, yet made so little parade of the same that one would never discover it only by inquiring of him The solemn inference from all which is, Let us all go and do likewise and we shall depart hence in peace having bettered the world by having lived in it well and faithfully, North Union, Ohio.