Editorial. Although religionists, above all others, seem to enjoy a satisfaction... Although religionists, above all others, seem to enjoy a satisfaction while being enshrouded in some form of mystery, and in making that mystery an essential point in the scheme of salvation from sin, there cannot be the least necessity for pursuing any such course. The gospel work of our divine Teacher, Jesus Christ, is so plainly and beautifully marked out that no one need mistake the road which leads on toward God. It must be those who walk in darkness, having eyes but see not, who change the simplicity of the way of truth into one of mystery. It may be readily conceded that their theology is obscure, and possibly their lives may be questionable. 'Wisdom's ways,' when we find them, 'are ways of pleasantness and all her paths are peace,' and if our minds are attuned in harmony with the way, we need have no fear of being lost from God. If we retain the wanderings from the truth and from the light of revelation and also the innovations introduced into the Christian church by a class of selfish, quarrelsome men who have been styled Egyptian doctors or philosophers they will be quite certain to make us like themselves, children of this world. The life of Christ is light; and to be like him we must walk in the light. His life is truth, and to be like him we must abide in the truth. His life is in God, full of mercy, righteousness and love, and to be like him, we must have our life in God and abound in the same gospel fruits. Failing to secure these good gifts which must come by a living, growing testimony for God and against the elements of the world, individuals, churches and communities, ultimately become like the church of Laodicea and must fade away like the mist before the morning sun. The nearer any body of religionists walk by the side of the world the more obscurely will these states be presented, and should they unfortunately fall to the same level as the world, then the difference between the two orders will be known only by the names which they may bear. Jesus as he walked among his brethren and instructed them in a life of righteousness, he was a model of simplicity. His lessons, delivered often in parables, were remarkable in their gentle application to the truth. His care was as that of the shepherd over his flock. Jesus wanted all who would accept the truth to enter with him into the kingdom of God, and to enjoy this privilege while upon the earth. As he was anxious to do the will of God, so was he anxious that his followers should learn to do the same. Give all to God and then the solving of every spiritual difficulty was by a very simple process. Ask, Seek. A pilgrim on the way need not travel in doubt, He has only to ask and the information will be given to him. He can have no excuse for remaining in ignorance and wasting away precious time. If a little more effort is needed to insure a positive success, the advice from Jesus is to seek and he promises the assurance that the desired object will be found. This will require an increase of zeal and any Christian who is determined to make his calling sure, must keep his eyes open and his mind active or he may fail to find the strait gate which is so essential to his happiness. Having found it, we must be sure to keep within it. Jesus calls this life of righteousness a 'narrow way' because those who walk in it must deny themselves of all ungodliness. He has told us quite distinctly of some things that will not be admitted in this new and narrow way, but the broad way takes in the whole world and those who attempt to follow in the footsteps of the world, will, most assuredly, find themselves in this way which Jesus says leads to destruction. All this is remarkably simple and without any system of theology, without any churchal creed and without any forms or ceremonies. The righteous and unrighteous must each reap the reward of their own labors. No qualifications attained unto in any earthly order can warrant a protective passage on this heavenly highway, unless it has for its foundation an exceeding righteousness. To bear good fruits which may readily be seen and known of all men, there must be a growing vitality, and this life must come from God.