TRUE RICHES. H. H. Searbrough. There is nothing within the power of an individual, which will pay such large and satisfactory returns in pure happiness as the conscientious and persistent cultivation of self-denial for the good of others. The merchant may reap wealth and fame unbounded. He may bring his goods from every clime and be able to dictate terms of treaty and trade to crowned heads, and exert a powerful in- fluence in the legislation of the world. He may be as a prince among them, and like a sovereign as to his power over others ; indeed, he may revel in all the pleasures of sensuality; surround himself with every earthly luxury, and deny himself of nothing which wealth and power can command ; but, at last, the evening of life is closing around him and he is forced to face the reality of death. The grandeur of his success which before had been his joy and pride, now fails to awaken any pleasing emotion in his breast, for this alas, is fleeting, mutable and unsatisfactory. Groping in his despair for one solid rock to stand upon, in his extremity, he now recalls all those he rejected and cast out. Sacrificed were the principles of integrity, charity and purity for his greed for the mammon of unrighteousness. It is not possible for all to acquire worldly wealth, power or fame, but it is within the power of the humbJest of God's people to make daily investments of the true riches in the banks of sure compensation. This may be accomplished by taking up the daily cross of self-denial; by making ourselves useful to the world; by bringing joy to the sad, and by making some one's burden lighter by striving to render the grief of the unfortunate more endurable. And though it may require the sacrifice of some selfish consideration, the reward will be sufficient even at the present to well repay the cost, and when at the end of our journey we look over our past lives and behold the good deeds we have done, the kind words we have spoken, the peaceful spirit we have carried with us, the degree of patience we have exercised, the fidelity with which we have stood by the principles of justice, purity, love and progress ; the memory of these things and the possession of that up rightness of spirit to which we shall have attained, will constitute a fund of true riches. This can never be destroyed and will insure to us the continual approbation of our Heavenly Parents and the love of the followers of Christ. South Union, Ky.