MECHANICAL SINGING. The acquirement of the 'technique' of vocalization is in the highest degree desirable by any one purposing to become an artistic performer; in-as-much as it comprehends the best method of producing musical tones by the proper use of the vocal organs, the adjustment, equalization and connection of the 'registers,' the practice of scales and various other exercises for flexibility, the expansion and diminution of the voice, the distinguishing between the clear and the 'sombre' qualities of tone, the 'nuances' or shadings for various effects ; the proper phrasing of both words and music, etc. Without which, a singer, however talented, must feel conscious of a lack of power to produce all the effects he is desirous of making. Yet, purely mechanical training, without regard to the peculiar characteristic of both voice and genius of the pupil, may result in only a monotonous and conventional style and expression, which has become quite observable among pupils of the 'iron clad' one method school. It takes a great deal more than we find in vocal ''methods' to make a good singer, as every experienced teacher knows. The management of the breath, the attitude, gesture, pronunciation, the mouth generally most of all, and the thousand and various suggestions which a competent teacher finds it constantly necessary to give. But now what is understood as 'expression' in singing, which may be called the most vital part of all; as without it singing is dead. If expression is spontaneous, so much the better, provided it is accompanied by good judgment and sense; as in the painting of a landscape we might make the skies green and the trees blue, an incongruity readily perceived. The experience of the writer leads him to believe that the practice of tasteful, classical sacred music, makes the best ground-work for true and genuine expression (which with some gifted persons comes almost intuitively.) Even children should learn to sing the best class of sacred music, and be taught to love it, as well as to avoid all merely 'namby pamby' music, and especially songs of a 'slangy' style, or with words of doubtful purity, as depraving to the taste and to the divine mission of music. Adoration and gratitude to Almighty God, tears for sin, sorrow for the suffering Savior, love for his unbounded and unmeasurable love to us are surely themes to draw forth our most soul-exciting emotions. Words are not brought to music, but music to words, to enhance, diversify and beautify their expression, therefore the words should be the first consideration. Good and tasteful ballads, also other compositions of merit, are of course available. I rather sympathize with those with words 'kind, sweet and true.' The canzonets of Haydn and many fine old English compositions make good help for expression. It is always best to use songs in one's own language in order to improve in expression, as you think and feel in it. When in a tongue you do not understand your attempts at expression are merely imitation, and meretricious. The Italian language is* easier and pleasanter for the voice than some others. The vocal methods of Garcio, Panseron Gavosscohe, Panofka, Damereuer, and Marchesi, are all good in themselves, but how to make a right use of them and not misuse them is an important matter. Phil. Musical Journal. Robt. Geo. Paige, in