THE JEWISH PROPHETS. J. L. Hersey. [written for the manifesto.] The Jewish prophets wer^ a peculiar and interesting class of men. They personified all that adorned and dignified their national character. They were the nobility of God's spiritual kingdom. Theirs was a higher calling and grander sphere than any titled mortal can boast. But they sought not this responsible di&gt;linction. Moses and Jeremiah earnestly, yet vainly, prayed exemption from this solemn charge. The soul of Ezekiel rebelled against the divine mandate; but the hand of the Lord was upon him, to curb the hate and bitterness of his spirit, and to model him for his sacred calling. Consecrated by the eternal spirit they magnified their office, and sustained it with dignity and majesty. They were borne along through scenes, prosperous and adverse, by God's impulsive energy ; they took the words of blessing, of cursing from his mouth, and enforced them by the most impressive sanction that could sway the souls of men. As the spiritual guides and censors of the people, they waited on God continually for ^ivine illumination in the discharge of their solemn function. They were admonished to make no distinction between the proud and the lowly, the monarch and his subjects. Their commission announced them as the vicegerents of heaven. 'See' fsaith the Lord to Jeremiah) 'I have this day set thee over the nations and the kingdoms, to root out and to pull down and to destroy, to build and to plant.' There is a moral sublimity in the prophetic office adapted to excite profound emotions and inspire lofty conceptions. Mark the experience of 'the man of God' with whom the Lord spake face to face, of Isaiah, who saw the Lord of hosts enthroned, of Daniel who beheld the cessation of time and the dawn of eternity, of John who saw the great white throne and who sat thereon. The thoughts, the language of heaver was theirs, and from their lips fell words upon which God had stamped his irreversible seal. Pondering over their heaven-horn themes graced by divine sanctions, we seem to be fingering the harp of prophecy and chanting its joyful or solemn or awe thrilling tones as Saul of old ere the lamps of God went out in the temple of the Lord. We are struck with the magnificence of Moses, Ezekiel and Nahum; with the harmony and splendor of David, with the majesty and sublimity of Isaiah, with the pathetic and solemn energy of Jeremiah, and with the power and grandeur of Daniel. No monumental pillars record their names but their oracles are their monuments more precious than gold, more majestic than the triumphal arch, and more enduring than the time crowned pyramids. Though mortal there were those among them whose immortality began in time. Enoch, seraph winged, out sped the conqueror death, and indomitable Elijah in his chariot of fire, triumphantly passed to the realms of the blest. The history of the prophets exhibits the lights and shades of Jewish life. It is a story of such marvelous interest, that it seems a spiritual romance. Though pilgrims of earth the star of inspiration shed a halo of glory around them and illuminated their pathway to the Eternal. It cast a gleam of light over the dark future upon which they looked and told what God proposed to do in far reaching ages. Tuftonborough, N. H.