HISTORY OF THE CHURCH OF MT. LEBANON, N. Y. The term Church, in our religious order, is used in several senses, but, in its most dignified and proper sense, it implies the whole body of Believers, who profess and maintain the faith of Christ's first and second appearing. These have one general object and interest in a spiritual sense, but may be composed of distinct and separate Societies, in different localities. They may hold a separate interest in temporal things, as the Church of Mt. Lebanon, the Church of Hancock, or the Church of Watervliet. While each Society holds a United Interest within itself in temporal things, it is united with all the other branches of the whole united body which has taken to itself the appellation of United Society. the church of christ. When Jesus Christ commenced his mission on the earth, he called his disciples, and they became a united body, joined to their Lord and Teacher. After his departure from this world, his disciples and followers organized themselves into a church, and maintained a residence in Jerusalem. This church gathered other bodies of Believers which were called branches, and yet they, as a whole, constituted the one church of Christ. This church was trodden under foot by anti-christ, and for several centuries no true church of Christ existed on the earth. This testimony was again revived through the ministration of Ann Lee, and of the Elders who assisted her. During the manifestation of this remarkable work, she received from her devoted followers the title of Mother in Christ, and since that date has been known as Mother Ann. The glad tidings of this gospel of peace were published first in Manchester, England, but after remaining a few years in that country, the little church, through the revelation of God, came to America in the year 1774. A detailed account of this may be found in the 'Millennial Church.' In the spring ] of 1780 Mother Ann and the Elders began an open testimony before the world. The morning light broke forth, and the sowers went forth to sow the true seed, and many came and confessed, and showed their deeds, as is written of the pentecostal church. The testimony of these first Elders, Mother Ann Lee, Elder William Lee and Elder James Whittaker, spread rap- idly. The doctrine was new and strange and those who were desiring the way of the Cross of Christ, received it with joy. Many were attracted to the home of the Believers, in Watervliet, N. Y., and conviction prevailed among those who went to see and to hear. Returning home, they spread the tidings still farther, and confirmed the truth of what had been reported. While many believed and obeyed the voice which called them from the world, others were found who turned from it and through false reports, did much harm. In the course of three or four years the Believers became quite numerous, and were to be found in the States of New York, Mass., Conn., N. H., and Me. That those who had received faith in the gospel might be more firmly established, and an increase obtained in the work of redemption, it was indispensable that there should be a constant ministration from the Elders then at Watervliet. For this purpose the Believers visited them at their home, and then returned each to their own residence, with increased strength and understanding. In 1781 and 2 Mother Ann and the Elders visited many of tke places where the Believers had gathered into families, and ministered to them a greater degree of the spiritual gift. To these several places the people came, of one accord, and held their meetings, and this, by the Believers, was called, 'Visiting the church.' After the Elders had established more order and discipline among the Believers, and had appointed leaders and laborers, they returned again to Watervliet, where Mother Ann, and Elder William, soon after closed their short but devoted work on the earth. Elder James continued for a while, to minister to the people and to assist them in attaining to an increase of righteousness, order and harmony. During this period from 1784 to 1787, the time of the ministry of Elder James, the Believers remained scattered, or at their own private residences, conducting their business of buying and selling, as well as all other matters of domestic economy. They lived in their small families of husband, and wife and children, or more or less according to the new faith, as father aud mother, son and daughter. A part of these, as was often the case, were Believers, and the others stood as opposers. In this state they had a thorough trial of their faith, iu taking up the cross against former habits, and iu separating themselves from the world, and unbelievers, which gave light to the word of Jesus. 'A man's foes shall be those of his own household.' Father James, as he was now called, was greatly blessed with the power and gifts of God, visited the several towns where the gospel had been planted. Wherever he sojourned, he was kindly greeted by many of the Believers, and particularly by those who had been appointed as Elders. Among them were Joseph Meacham, Calvin Harlow, and David Meacham. Father James spent his life in arduous labors for the protection of the Believers. He encouraged and strengthened them, and instructed them as preparatory to an advanced order, of a more united condition, in both temporal and spiritual things, and this was in a good degree effected during his life. In a vision, Mother Ann saw the state of Believers. They were advancing but as a scattered people. Sudden- ly, they came against a wall, and could proceed no further. At this place they collected and began to form into a united body. Soon there was an opening in the wall through which they passed, and then they were able to advance with success. Mother Ann interpreted what she had seen, as the scattered state of the Believers, being situated so distant from each other and without the necessary means of guidance and protection. She then predicted that the Church would be gathered, 'but,' said she, 'that will not be my work. Joseph Meacham and others will perform it.' From this time, 1784, the Believers were anticipating a great increase, and were laboring as far as circumstances would permit, to become more united. Different familes united their domestic interests, and gradually approached more to a uniformity. Where one or more was gathered from a family, they entered these that were already organized, as did those who were poor, so that all might share equally in the blessings of this life. Father James Whittaker and his assistant Elders, were at this time, zealously laboring to promote peace and order among the Believers, that all might be able to accept the increasing work. As a preliminary step to the gathering of the Church, Father James directed the Brethren, in the year 1785 to build a house for public worship, at New Lebanon, N. Y. In response to this call the Believers, began, at once, to contribute of their means so far as they were able, while others not so well blessed in the goods of this world, gave as freely, their time and ability. The deep interest manifested in the work, by those of all ages, together with the gospel union which animated every heart, gave such an impetus to the consecrated labors, that the whole was speedily accomplished, and on the 29th of January 1786, the Believers were privileged to assemble, in this new house, for the worship of God. It was a beautiful, a sacred and a joyful occasion to every faithful soul. Father James delivered a very soulstirring discourse, in which he said, 'If you will obey the voice of the Lord your God, you will be protected, and his blessing will rest upon this place. People will come from every Dation under heaven and hear the word of God.' From this date, 1787, New Lebanon began to be considered as the central home where the first Church would be established. Many persons visited the place, who were anxious to share in the privilege of the new, religious order. Hurried preparations were made; all their business relations were adjusted, and everything being settled with their social relations, they were now ready to enter a Community of united interest. It was a time of trial of the faith of Believers. The parable of the net that was cast into the sea, was having a practical application. Hundreds had been accepted as probationary members, and among these were to be found, men and women of the best character, and of deep religious conviction, while many were of the class quite unprepared for so great a sacrifice of personal selfishness, and a separation between the classes must necessarily follow. The testimony grew more and more intense. It was the whole cross of Christ, and this includes a decided farewell to the world, and all its relations. 'That which is born of the flesh, is flesh,' and flesh relations must be sacrificed to give place to an order which is new and spiritual, and which belongs to the kingdom of Christ. As might be expected, in all religious revivals, some will be found who have more zeal than wisdom, who are eccentric or who are ready to cry Lord, Lord, w hile the purifying work of the cross, can find but little that comes from, or belongs to, a consecrated life of God. Through excessive labors for the care and protection of the Believers, Father James was prostrated by sickness, and many feared that he would not be able to recover. Those who were affectionately attached to him, as a gospel Father, began to realize that their cup of sorrow was already quite full. Some were brought under severe trials of their faith, while others were disheartened and finally fell back into the elements of the world. Corresponding instances have taken place many times in religious history, and evidently will take place, after the same manner, in the work of the future. As Father James continued to decline in health, his last sleep is recorded as having taken place on the 20th of July 1787, he being thirty-eight years of age. The gospel work, however, moved on. The people were prepared to enter the communistic life, and the time was fast approaching when the formation of a Society would be commenced. Many were anxiously waiting as at the gate of a walled city, desiring to enter that they might partake of a greater blessing. As Elders in this great work of spiritual progress, Father James had chosen Joseph Meacham, Calvin Harlow, and David Meacham. These acted in concert, in counseling, directing and protecting the people, and they were unanimously received and acknowledged to be the rightful leaders of all who had accepted the testimony of the cross of Christ. (TO BE CONTINUED.)