EXPERIENCE OF AMOS BUTTRICK. I first met Mother Ann Lee and heard her speak, while in meeting, in encouragement to the willing mind and in reproof to the transgressor of God's law. I was convicted that she spoke by inspiration and the power of her spirit made me tremble. With her divine gift I was well assured that she could read my mind. I ventured even after this to attend a meeting at the Square House, in Harvard. Here I saw Brother Aaron Wood under the influence of the spirit and in the manifestation of sorrow. I then thought I shall be like that if I do not honestly confess and forsake my sins. At that time Father William Lee approached me, aud said, 'Young man, you had better obey your faith.' Soon after this I made up my mind to forsake the world, and to confess my sins to God. This I did, faithfully, agreeably to the advice of Father William. After I had accepted the life of a Believer, Mother Ann said to me, Amos, you are a large man, and a man of faith, but the cross will effectually try your faith, and will prove you. As Mother Ann had said to me, that if I was honest iu my confession, I should prosper, my confidence in God's work remained unshaken, although I was made to fear and tremble when I felt that her reproof belonged to me. I remained at Watervliet several weeks and assisted the Brethren, as best I could, iu felling trees or chopping wood. At the close of the week, and as the Sabbath was approaching, I thought I must prepare to be more serious, as that was the general manner of keeping a New England Sabbath. Mother Ann on meeting me, said, 'You have been bright and lively all the week, and now because it is Saturday afternoon, you have taken on a long antichristian face. When there is any testimony against the old heavens, you are not touched, as you never made any profession of religion, but you should know that your churchal religion sticks to you as does the bark to a tree, and what if I should prove it to you ?' Mother Ann thought I had better not come to the house where the meeting was to be held till after the service. My supper was brought to me, and during the meeting not less than two person? were sent to me with messages of reproof. I thought this was more than a man should bear. In fact I was real- ly provoked, and if any horse had been there, I think I should have gone to some other place for the night, bat seemingly I could not get away. After meeting I went into the house and Mother Ann spoke very kindly to me. Amos said that soon after this he returned to Harvard. He loved the Elders and maintained his gospel faith. At the time of his next visit he reached Watervliet during a severe rain storm. The people were in meeting and as soon as he entered the house, Mother Ann spoke to him and he was made welcome to their home. Mother Ann said, 'Joy on, Amos.' Without stopping for a change of garments he went directly into the worship and remained during the service. While on a visit to the Elders, Mother Ann asked him if he loved the Elders as well as he would, if they were not English. (Amos had been a soldier in the war of the Revolution and was much prejudiced against the English, or the red coats, as he called them, but he replied,) 'I do.' The Elders in reply said, 'That is hardly correct Amos.' This was a severe trial to him as he thought so much of his character and about speaking the truth, but his faith in the gospel caused him to look into his heart, and he felt convinced that they had told him the truth, and he accordingly acknowledged it. Mother Ann then said, 'How is it James, did not Christ say, Blessed are they who have believed and have not seen ? ' 'Yea,' said Elder James, and Amos received the blessing and was comforted. Amos was at Watervliet when Eleazer Rand (afterwards known as Father Eleazer) was about to leave the place for his home in Mass., Father William came into the room and said, 'Eleazer I have not felt the liberty from God to speak to you since you came to visit us, (Eleazer had then been at Watervliet about two weebs,) and I huve prayed to God to know the cause, and he has made it known to me.' 'You are ashamed of the power of God and the testimony of truth before the world.' Eleazer accepted the admonition and fell upon his knees, and in tears of repentance, sought the forgiveness of God. He then received the blessing of the Elders, and returned in peace to his home. Amos said a young man told him the following incident. 'I went to see Mother Ann once in company with an elderly man who was called a good Christian. I did not wish to go alone as I was a very wild young man. I did not expect to be noticed at all myself, but hoped that by being in good company, I should obtain a chance to see Mother Ann as I had a great desire to see her. On my way I told my companion that perhaps I had better put a piece of money in my mouth, so that she should not be-witch me. On being introduced to Mother Ann, she did not seem to notice, particularly, my companion, but said to me very pleasantly. 'Young man, take that piece of money out of your mouth, as we are not witches, and will not hurt you.' She talked with me so kindly and feelingly that I became convicted, and accepted the faith of the Believers. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.