LETTER FROM WILLIAM LEONARD, No. 2 South Groton, Mass., July, 1865. Our writers and others have said hard things against Luther and he gave them good reasous for so doing. But what would have been the condition of the religious world, by this time, if as heaven directed, the so-called Reformation had not been brought in by Luther. The state of the religious world needed just such a character to be inspired to commence a successful war. This was just as necessary as that Jesus should first turn water into wiue, which finally aided men in carrying out a drunken frolic. In each case it was right, they could appreciate nothing higher. Each did the work necessary to be done and this was as it should be. When the Episcopal church took the lead, it was sixteen twentieths world and four religion, and was soon imposed upon. When Whitefield and the Wesleys dissented from the church amidst the fires of persecution who would have thought that they could have turned such multitudes in the old and new world out of the churches, into higher degrees of the spirit, though still short of the true light. From the Reformation down to the French Prophets, all continued to prophesy of a coming judgment, the gradual increase of the Holy Spirit, and greater light, as these bodies rose, sealed the truth of their testimony. These fiery witnesses testified that formal professors had stopped the waters of life, and they predicted their breaking through to sweep away the wicked, and suddenly inundate all nations. They spoke and anticipated like men, but the fulfillment came gradually, like the doings of a merciful God. When the increasing light and spirit which was leading the way to the New Heavens, had come up to a certain period, a Columbus was inspired to dream out the region where God had ordained to erect a new order on the earth. An agitating inspiration was upon him, which gave him, and those who heard him, no rest, till the Catholic power cleared the way, by which he opened a passage to the New World. This gave an asylum to the pilgrims, whose posterity laid the foundation for the church of the latter day. Eight souls directed by a woman, settled near the city of Albany, N. Y., acd were tried, tempted, disheartened and fell into doubts respecting the opening of the testimony. But that gathering came not as they calculated but in God's own time and way. Mother Ann promised in a gift of God, that the next opening should be at the far West. The Lebanon fathers and mothers looked for the fulfillment of that promise, till their faith was sorely tried, but in its season that came also. However frail and imperfect human agency may be, when true inspiration moves the honest leader, he fearlessly delivers God's word respecting comiDg events. Luther and others, though men of great faults, were honest. They were organized to see the crumbling away of old religious structures, and were inspired to testify it, reckless of consequences. Columbus saw the green fields, mountains, forests, rivers, living forms and golden sands of this western world rise up before him like an enchanting vision. Like the Hebrew Seer radiant with hope, he spread it before scepters and thrones, because he felt and knew what he saw was true. The pilgrims were inspired to look for a brighter church in the wild regions of America, and their intuitions were true. Mother Ann was inspired to promise the planting of the Church, and predict the second opening of the gospel testimony and by the same word of God, the mediums in Ziot) have proclaimed that heaven designs a third enlargement, and as former predictions have come out, as reasonable beings, why should we despair of the last? Nearly forty years ago, the spirit of prophecy on the earth plane, began to rise in the political horizon, like the little cloud, scarcely perceptible, predicting that God would break the fetters of every bond-man in America. Garrison, living on his crust and cup of cold water, was moved to print a little sheet, unpopular to the last degree, which at first, few would read, but finally agitated the nation. This sheet breathed the spirit of the universal rights of tribes of all colors. This inspiration agitated his soul like the pent up fires of a volcano. His startling narratives of the slave's wrongs, his hopeless bondage and the driver's lash, fell like burning brands among the citizens. His office was assailed, his type cast into the street, and he was mobbed in the city of the pilgrim fathers, and liad to seek refuge from violence. Who would then have thought that God intended by the efforts of that unpretending man, that in 1865 the slaves of America would be set free, and like Wilberforce, Fox and Burke, who fought the battle, which paved the way for West India emancipation, who thought he would live to see it commenced as they saw the slave trade overthrown ? With a pen dipped in liquid fire he still uttered truths which fell like convictions from on high upon tender con sciences. We well remember these exciting scenes, the legislature of Mass., sympathizing with the South denounced the man and his measures, and he was solemnly arraigned before that body to answer to charges which they magnified to the crime of treason. They had seized papers, pictorial and written, as positive evidence, and in full assembly they as unbelievers, and he as a firm believer in the truths he uttered commenced the contest. After accusing him of hard things, which he met like a reformer and a hero, he was permitted like Paul to stand forth and speak for himself. Armed with the power of truth (not as it is in Jesu&gt;-) as it should be in the suffrage of the nation, he spoke long and powerful enough to convert two thirds of that august body to his own conclusions, and thus scattered his views all over the state. This spread these fires in other states. It became the battle cry of the Presidential canvas, elected Lincoln, unsheathed the sword and finally uprooted slavery forever. These bold reformers and discoverers are not the men that have moved the world. They nor other men ever had the power to do it. It was the tru'.hs they felt and proved and uttered which overturned old systems, and created new ones. Truth deeply planted in human understandings will roll down through unborn generations and never die. The consciousness of this prompted Jesus to say, 'I come to bring fire upon earth and what if it be already kindled?' Jesus saw that this fire would kindle up a host of Christian reformers, who would shine iike blazing torches, quite through the dark night of antichrist. The intuitions of Columbus were founded on the clearest deductions drawn from science. Through these, spirits kindled a burning inspiration, founded in truth which finally brought in the reality. William Lloyd Garrison is a conscientious believer in God. He learned by fugitives and others, that multitudes of wretched bondmen, were crying to God for deliverance. The cry wrung his soul with agony. Through this distress he was inspired to help raise the Macedonian cry for help. Past history taught him that the prayers of the oppressed had always been heard and at some time answered. In the strong power of this truth, he cried, prayed and wrote day and night as one bound with them. They told their wrongs to that God who is never out of hearing, and he proclaimed them to the nation. This was spreading the truth by faith. This truth moved others, in the same power these moved the nation, which shook it to its foundation, poured out rivers of blood and finally broke down the power of the oppressor. An array of these historic facts, is not resting altogether on faith in promises. It shows that anciently when God brought in succeeding dispensa- tions, they were founded iu truth, which he intended should run down a line till a certain period, and where this t'uth was planted by the finger of God, men on earth could never overthrow it. Now, was there ever a clearer set of truths founded on law and order, given to redeem the race than may be found in this body? Are they not truths for which men and women of all ages have sacrificed their lives by thousands, to bring in for the final benefit of themselves and others? If the less important truths have cut their way through and finished their destined mission among men, will the most important fail and break down ? There is no estimating the tears, the prayers and anguish that millions have bowed under, to bring out these mighty truths. If many that we have named, have never failed to run their course like the sun in the heavens, who cannot see that it is impossible for these to fail of doing so ? Through self-denial we are building new realizations on the simple word of God which must go through ; for the prophet says, ''As the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither but watereth the earth and maketh it bring forth and bud that it may give seed to the sower and bread to the eater ; so shall my word be that goeth out of my mouth ; it shall not return unto me void, but shall accomplish that which I please and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it.' Isa. lv., 10. To BE CONTINUED.