WORDS IMPROPERLY USED. N. M. Williams. 1. Here, as in the sentence, 'He passed through here.' It is an adverb, and cannot properly be u?ed as a noun and be governed by a preposition. 2. Audience, as in the sentence, 'A large audience was present.' This use is indeed recognized by Worcester, but all lexicographers recognize as current many forms of speech the use of which would not be approved either by themselves or by good writers. Audience in the sense of assembly is not precise. 3 Commence is used a good deal, both in writing and conversation, where begin is preferable. The latter is the easier and simpler word. It is from the Anglo-Saxon, while commence is from the French. There arc instances in which commence is to be preferred, but in most cases begin is the better word. Young persons have within a few years seemed to forget that the English language has such a word as begin. 4. Gospel, as in the phrases, 'Gospel Meetings,' 'Gospel Songs,' 'Gospel Hymns.' Here a noun is inelegantly used as an adjective; and that Worcester recognizes it as an adjective is no proof of propriety in so using it. The notice that Eev. Mr. A. B. will hold a 'Gospel Meeting' is objectionable for another reason. If Mr. A. B. is an evangelical minister, how can he be presumed to hold it for any other purpose than to advance the interests of the gospel? that is of Christianity. 5. Holy Ghost; sometimes most barbarously used as an adjective, thus : 'What we need is Holy Ghost meetings, Holy Ghost sermons, and Holy Ghost prayers.' It is to be hoped that such a shocking use is not the result of irreverence. 6. Calvin; also wrongly used and as an adjective. Calvinistic is the adjective. Calvin Baptist is both ungrammptical and misnaming. There are Baptists, and Free Will or Free Baptists, and Seventh Day Baptists, but there is no such people in the United States as Calvin or even Calvinistic Baptists. The Baptists reject some of the most characteristic doctrines and rites of Calvinism; that is, of the religious system taught by John Calvin. 7. Congregationalist, a noun, is often used improperly as an adjective. The adjective is Congregational. The correct use of the two words is well illustrated in the Golden Rule of June 7th, as follows : 'The Congregationalist of Last week has a sharp and abusive editorial touching the addresses of the Andover professors at the Congregational Club.' 8. Transpire is wrongly used for occur. 'Such an event transpired,' say many. 9. Reliable, though, like transpire, with the meaning of occur, used by some good writers, is not a well-formed English word. On these two words the reader may consult Worcester. Selected.