A HERESY CASE. There was an interesting trial for heresy recently before the Winnebago District Convention of Congregational Ministers at Oshkosh, Wis. The person accused was the Rev. Edward EL Smith, and the charges were as follows : 1. 'That Mr. Smith teaches that the Bible will perish with the using of it; that the Word of God is in the Bible and not that the whole of the Bible is the Word of God; that the Bible contains historical and scientific errors. 2. That he holds that Christ, though of a high order of being, is yet a created being-, created for the specific work of revealing God's love, and that Christ is not-a being to be worshiped. 3. That he doesn't believe that the sufferings and death of Christ of itself made an atonement for the sins of mankind, or is a sufficient ground and procuring cause of forgiveness, but, on the contrary, that God pardons on the grounds of his essential love, and Jesus Christ is the revealer of that love. i. That he doesn't believe in the eternity of future punishment in the popular sense : that souls will experience eternal loss, but not be eternally lost. That he does not believe in such a thing as eternal banishment from God, but that punishment is a reminder, preventive and restorative, both in this life and the life hereafter; that the end of punishment is to deter from sinning; that the future state is one of probation, and in it man doesn't get beyond God's operative love.' Mr. Smith admitted the substantial truth of the foregoing charges as regarded the statements of his opinions therein contained, and upon them submitted the question of his membership in the convention. A motion to dismiss the charges was lost. A motion to declare that Mr. Smith's views were not in harmony with the creed of the convention or the general consensus of belief among Congregationalists was carried. But a motion of expulsion, which was next made, failed to carry, and the result is that a minister whose views upon these important questions are greatly at variance from those of his brethren remains in full fellowship. Boston Journal