LABOR AND FORETHOUGHT. Alonzo G. Hollister. And I saw a white horse and one sitting on him having a bow, and a crown wa,s given to htm, and he came out conquering, and that he might conquer.' Rev. vi., 2. We have been told that a white horse signifies, in a spiritual sense, victory, gladness, and rejoicing. The bow is a symbol of forethought. What is it that subdues circumstance, accident, tumult, and advances order on chaos? What accumulates and directs the world's capital, tunnels rivers and mountains, builds bridges, acqueducts, railroads, telegraphs, steamships, merchant vessels and freights them with produce? If not labor directed bv forethought? What builds asylums for the unfortunate, schools, colleges, libraries, lecture halls, meeting-houses, light-houses, observatories, and furnishes each with needful supplies? What builds large manufactories and fills them with machinery that cheapens the necessaries of life, and makes what are called the comforts of civilization ? Labor and forethought till the ground and supply markets and storehouses with the necessaries of life, feed, clothe and house the body, and parrying want and disaster, provide in cold climates against winter and old age. People who are looking ahead, who feel respousible to provide against future contingencies, are the ones who lead in all progressive movements, govern in civilized society, and direct all organized, associated effort. The unreflecting masses, who are improvident and careless of the future, are justly servants, living from hand to mouth, because unwilling to assume the higher responsibility and burden necessary to evolve prosperity and thrift by care and forethought. This class are incapable of governing, or of guiding the state, and if allowed to dictate affairs of state, would run society into barbarism, as partially exemplified in the mob rule of the French Revolution, and in the avuwed sentiments and purposes of the Russian Nihilists. Nevertheless, unwillingness on- the part of the majority to exercise the controlling faculties of calculation and foresight can never justify avarice, oppression and extortion in those who do, for both justice and mutual benevolence hold that the party rendering the inferior service is entitled to compensation from the served, equivalent in kind to that in which itself is deficient, and where this is fairly and honorably rendered, there is no just cause for grievous complaint of the advantages either party reaps from the toil of the other. As the bow sends forth the arrow that secures the prey, so forethought sends the world's labor and capital, (which represents and commands labor,) along the course of intelligent design, and wrests victory, gladness and rejoicing, from time, nature, circumstance and fate. This principle or faculty, so potent in its application to earthly affairs, is indispensable to spiritual unfoldment, discipline and progress. It has been observed that 'it is only by forethought, or by intently aiming at a specific end, to the attainment of which, lesser objects are regarded at best as subservient, that man endures with undiverted purpose.' And as 'Good associates only with the directing will and permanent purpose,' so also 'It is only by a determinate course, pursued in a given direction, with reference to an attainable object, that the development of the will can be accomplished.' Hence the careful, and often prayerful exercise of forethought is necessary to the rule of reason over animal appetite and passion, and it is not likely that any sane person who can be persuaded to attentively contemplate the certain results of different lines of conduct, will voluntarily choose an evil course while the good is open before him, any more than he would with his eyes open in the day time, rush upou a deadly weapon, or into deep mire in preference to walking ia a clear and clean way ; or, more than the ordinary mind would choose poverty before wealth, or prefer hate to love, or misery to happiness, or bondage to freedom. For the inexorable law is, that every pleasure has its price, fixed and equal to all, without paying which, it cannot be enjoyed. And while one class of pleasures has to be paid for after enjoyment, in suffering, poverty and slavery, until the last farthing is exacted, the other class require prepayment, and constantly enrich, while they may be enjoyed with the largest liberty of the faculties exercised in procuring them. If we will meditate often on eternity, the accidents of this mortal life will less trouble us, and the thoughts drawn from thence will give us a spiritual strength that will carry us over many obstacles. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.