LETTER FROM WILLIAM LEONARD No. 3 We have often thought that our disappointments come not because such truths do not do their work in their season, but because human calculations upon them are not fulfilled and realized. When we see generations wasting away under the hand of time, we feel it. When our faith is called in question we often call up the recollection, that our parents in Eden peopled the world; Noah and his household, after grrat restrictions, started humanity again after the deluge. Abraham received the promise to stand as father to the Jews, and God promised the Messiah through that line, and we almost hold our breath, startled, when we see how many times the people stood on the borders of utter destruction, but Jesus was born and with the twelve, overthrew Judaism and introduced the more advanced truths of Christianity. Nineteen out of twenty would have predicted the overthrow of Christianity at the crucifixion before the destruction of Jerusalem. But it survived and triumphed, beautifully illustrating that instruments may be struck down but truth will run its course aud clear the way for brighter truths. Succeeding witnesses kept the fire burning through the dark ages. Mother Ann and the Elders were called to leave nearly all they had preached to in England, and open the doctrine of the last resurrection in America, single-handed and alone. In such times we cling to faith as something unspeakably precious, leave the whole matter iu the hands of a higher power and pass ou to our duty. We believe from evidence unquestionable that every mansion in heaven is dual in its order. From the parental ruling power, down through every grade of spirits, reasoning from what we see in created worlds, we must conclude that all are male and female either in God's order or out of it. If iu order, they harmonize in all law aud action allowed and practiced, which forms their heaven. If out of order, they form a hell of confusion fearful to contemplate. We know comparatively nothing of what goes on in higher orders, how they harmonize or what in; but judging from the life and practice which God's law rules us into, we cannot believe that we shall again descend, to act over low scenes which we have risen out of, after we have by patient travel become elevated. In our present state we are even in nature's order a spirit world, in the most rudimental condition which spirits can exist in. The natural world is like a wide-spread nursery, like starting plants, merely to begin human existences. An infant spirit is begotten in organized matter under the law in nature, if right, where the begetting ought to be done. God's law, and sound philosophy and rational progression rules it out of the spiritual order. 'We are clothed with matter to chain us to the earth, and formed with organs suitable to at in this our first work, till higher light readies us. There low down in nature while begetting offspring, the harmonial relation ought to exist between the sexes and stamp itself upon their generations. But this harmony, however cordial, cannot raise the parties above the earth. Adam and Eve started in the flesh ; their race have for six thousand years continued in it, and should they exist here a million ages, unaided by a higher power they would never advance one step out of it. The Spiritualists received light, which taught them some things beyond a male God, male angels, and a heaven all in the masculine gender. Their revelations taught them male and female in Deity, and through all the heavenly orders. But as a people they were never called to separate flesh and spirit, or lust from a pure Christ-like love, and never attempted to do it. They prized the sensual enjoyments of the flesh beyond anything that nature or revelation ever gave them. In this state of mind, why should they not wish to daub and plaster the whole heavens over, with the same darling lusts which they all looked up to as their highest heaven and happiness. This may be passed over by those who are dark and were never spiritually enlightened : but what kind of an excuse can any render who have learned better, know better and have practiced better, and have held up a more excellent testimony. I have no doubt there are two classes of sinners. It stands confessed that there are ignorant sinners. Jesus recognizes them and says, 'If I had not come and spoken unto them, they had not had sin, but now they have no cloak for their sin.' Jesus patiently taught them and they would not obey. They were like counterfeit Chiistians in this day. Jesus recognizes such as wilful transgressors, and so do we. And what else are they? When those who are young begin to mingle with older sinners, and they are invited into sin which they have been taught to shun, and they yield; do they do it ignorantly? When enticed and hired, and through a lively conscience, the well-remembered counsel of friends pleads with them to abstain and they heed it not, but pass on to destruction, how can it be said they are ignorant sinners ? When an offender has sinned and suffered for the same offense many times over, and understands just what kind of anguish it will bring upon him, what insane reasoning can prompt any one to call such the sins of ignorance? Such a sinner, if candid, would laugh in your face, if you attempted to fix him up in so ridiculous a posture. The time was, when secret sins could be committed in ignorance, but now in all moral and enlightened society, cause and effect are quite universally known. , Still we find such sinners who disregard their best instruction when they know much better. Strange ignoraace this. Can the inebriate, who has many times set out to abstain from his cup, and as ofteu been drawn back through extreme compunction of conscience be called ignorant in this matter? There are a host of political offenders ami many wilful sinners that it would insult the common understanding to call ignorant offenders. But why pursue this matter farther, as it is in vain to illustrate, for their name is legion. We are asked, 'Is the millennium to be ushered in, by gradually enlightening mankind through and by the spirits of departed friends.' We doubt not there will be a gradual light, which will finally lead souls up to these very principles. We also believe that all this will be brought about by the direct agency of spirits, but they will undoubtedly be of that class, 'Who (are regular) ministering spirits, sent fort 1 to minister for those, who shall be (prepared to become) heirs of salvation.' When the Jews were God's chosen people, as soon as they began to produce prophets and mediums, to bring out revelations suited to the Hebrews, the sameorganizations were developed by other nations, showing a growth or enlargement of capacity in the whole human family. Moses, Aaron and others were peculiar mediums, perfectly adapted to their order, but they were nearly equalled by Jarnnes, Jambres and others, who withstood Moses before Pharaoh. Balaam consulted the same spirit who talked to the seers, and delivered his messages as truthfully and eloquently as Isaiah himself, but the Jew claimed and held the preeminence. History tells of heathen oracles, whose Priests ministered at their own altars, and brought down judgement or blessing on their own people and nation. Just before the great medium, Jesus, appeared on earth, the fires of inspiration were kindled through the whole hill country. This was not done in a corner. The angel commenced with Zachariah, and a sort of outside spiritualism spread like the prairie fires of the west, till John stood up the personification of God's word, to call thousands of Hebrew sinners to the banks of Jorda:;, to pass through the waters of repentance, and stand ready for the baptism of fire. This state of things was started under John, that when the Messiah came, he might exhibit gifts and power far in advance of things around him. He would thus prove that he was sent to lead them into the new and living way. At the death of Jesus, the priesthood thought that the Christian power was killed. After the crucifixion, the fires of Christian inspiration on the day of Pentecost blazed out like a furnace, inspiring terror in the whole Levitical order. Paul's persecution set all Jerusalem in an agitation, and scattered the fire which Jesus kindled on earth, far out among the Gentiles. 'The apostles (now) went everywhere preaching the gospel; and Philip went down to Samaria,' to introduce Christian spiritualism among that people. Now if they had no knowledge of spirit manifestations, Philip's visit in that quarter would have turned out a blank. But they had taken the initiatory steps to receive the testimony. Philip preached Christ unto them. 'And unclean spirits came out of many, and many taken with palsies and they that were lame were healed, and there was great joy in that city.' It appears that Simon Magus, a spirit medium on a low plane, had prepared them for this event. Tlie Jews called him a sorcerer, and so they did all mediums who were noi of the tribe of Levi, but the Samaritans considered him the connecting link between them and the spirit land. 'For to h m they gave heed from the least to the greatest, saying this man is the great power of God.' If they looked up to him as the representative of the power of God to them, he was to th.'in something above a sorcerer. When the people were baptized unto Christ, Simon was baptized also wondering to witness a power entirely beyond his own. Peter stood in the first gift. When he came among them, Simon saw that by the laying on of hands, the people received something more than Philip could minister, and he showed out just what and where he was. Like the mediums of our period, he stood in power, and like them he wished to stand in more power. He wished to purchase Peter's gift, that he might have the best spiritual article in the market. Say what we may of this man, he was like many in these times ; however low his state or manifestations, they prepared the way for the higher power under the apostles. Through the dark ages one class of witnesses paved the way for another. The French Prophets introduced a spirit that opened a preparatory work for Mother Ann, and American revivals prepared a people for the opening of the gospel, East and West. We are taught that, 'In the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God shall be finished.' Rev. x., 7, If the mystery of God is to be finished, it will be by a revelation of gospel principles, delivered in the power of them. Then every religious movement that aids in bringing them to light, must be brought in by the operation of the true spirit, to help spread gospel truths in the earth. Before and in the days of Jesus, mammon was the God of wealth among the Syrians. The rich were supposed to be the favorites of that Deity. The tribes were inclined to worship heathen Gods who invited to sensuality and riches. Jesus knowing this, instead of correcting the theory of the false, endeavored to point his followers to the true God. He well knew the difficulty of removing old prejudices, and let mammon stand where the Syrians had placed him. His instructions were, that they could not worship a false, selfish God for gain, and the true God, of universal love and good-will at the same time. Jesus had to take men as he found them, and teach them what were proper objects of worship aud what wer?. not. Therefore, when he says that mammon could not be reverenced by the worshiper of the true God, he simply means that a Christian cannot set up wealth as a God, to idolize and worship and at the same time be consecrated and leveled down into the equalizing spirit of the gospel. From your gospel brother, William Leonard.