'WHAT IS TRUTH?' Truth in a qualified sense, may be considered as the reality of the Universe. There are a variety of Truths, which may be classified under the heads of Scientific, Moral, Theological and Spiritual: each and all in their diverse applications bearing upon human weal, and helping to furnish the real man and woman and make them efficient in good works. The Mojalist seeks Truth, the application of which will elevate man in his social relations and make him a better citizen, wiser, more just and honest in his dealings with his fellow man, temperate in all things, sober and considerate in word and action, neither giving nor taking offense ; but reducing the beautiful theories which he has conceived to practice, i. e. to be governed by the law of right. The Scientist, in his department of labor, probes the elements, searches the earth's interior, dives into the depths of the ocean, and leans the illimitable stellar regions to obtain knowledge and understanding of things hitherto hidden from mortal vision ; thus educating the race to a truer conception of the Divine Architect. Without such knowledge we would have very crude and imperfect ideas of the earth under our feet, and of the heavens above us, and be correspondingly limited in the use and application of our faculties to the honor and glory of God, and to the benefit of ourselves and each other. The Theologian who is honest and sincere in his search for truth in the religious field, and is prompted by noble sentiments and high aspirations to save immortal souls, will be blest in his efforts to aid the progress of humanity. But in this broad field there is and has been a great diversity of opinions ; many speculations and conflicting ideas arising many times from different organisms, being constitutionally diverse in modes of feeling, and the capacity to comprehend spiritual Truth, which is ever developing and revealing new forms of life and beauty through psychological forcer. But ofteuer, because the vast majority fail to make right doing, the foundation or substratum and test of right thinking. Here we find some theological disputants forming Deities after their own modes of thought, constituted of parts and passions like themselves ; and creating a Theology as contradictory as it is inconsistent, representing G-od as being at one time moved by love and then again by anger and jealousy, moods and tempers by which we would hardly be willing to own that we ourselves were governed. If we judge Deity by our intuitive perception of the best qualities, and the revelation He has made of Himself in the noblest and most spiritually elevated human beings claiming to be his messengers, we must conclude that He and She are the perfect embodiment of Wisdom and Love in the broadest sense and most significant application of those terms. The Father and Mother of the Universe of Mind. But to narrow the Infinite down to finite comprehension is impossible, and the finite mind forms many absurd and grotesque notions in attempting to grasp it. Truths, like precious gems, lie scattered here and there to be gathered and appropriated by whomsoever found. Real religious spiritual Truth, which flows from the deep emotional and devotional feelings of the soul, is superior to all other Truths ; its province being to inspire, to energize, expand and elevate the character, and it is the grand center to which all other truths converge. There is power in it, which few comparatively speaking, have as yet, ever conceived of; a power emanating from the throne of Deity ! Who shall withstand its mighty influence? It will eventually progress mankind to the condition and position in the scale of being that they were created to occupy ; lords of creation, ruling not by animal strength, but through love, which is the most potent force known in the realm of mind. It will subdue all opposing forces in its course of action till God shall be all in all from center to circumference, the Alpha and Omega. Blessed forevermore, shall be this power that permeates all things animate and rational! To it we bow in reverence and filial love. With Truth for our motto we will move on to peifect victory ; and love shall be oue of our guiding stars in our progress home to God. 'Love is a fountain deep and pure, Love will make us firm and sure, Love will banish every wrong, Love shall be our constant song. Hail! all hail! the power of love, Wafted from the spheres above, Joining every heart in one, Father, Mother, Daughter, Son. May we ever keep in view, How this love creates anew, Every trusting, pleading soul, Under its benign control. It doth brightpn as our sight, Opes to catch new rays of light. 'Mid the changing scenes of life, 'Mid the conflicts and the strife. Love shall ever be my theme; Blessed power on which to lean ; And, on this consecrated spot, This pledge I give, refuse it not.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.