THE COMING OF CHRIST. Nancy G. Danforth. 'Then shall they see the sou of man coming in the clouds of heaven, with power and great glory.' The clouds of heaven must be composed of something beside the murky vapors arising from the earth. Then where shall we seek the clouds of heaven? We read of ''clouds of witnesses.' 'Ye are my witnesses if ye do whatsoever I command you.' 'Behold they come as clouds.' From these and similar passages of Scripture, we learn that people are sometimes called clouds. Then why might not the clouds in which Christ should appear, be a people? Then there must be found a people watching and praying, ready to receive their King. More than a century ago there was a great shaking in the kingdom of antichrist, when the rottenness of all man-made creeds became apparent to many illuminated minds. Then was the cry heard, 'What must I do to be saved?' After severe struggle and mortification to a proud, haughty nature, their spirits became willing to accept deliverance on any terms ; when, lo ! in a secluded place, there appeared the glory of man, even a woman clothed with power from God, insomuch that it caused sinners to awake and fear in her presence, for by this power she was enabled to read their wicked lives and expose their hidden abominations. Herein was power. The great glory was manifested in mercy and tender compassion for the humble souls who williugly laid down their lives of sin at the altar of confession, showing their repentance by walking in 'newness of life.' This spirit has continued, with faithful souls, to the present day. Many can testify that He has come 'in ten thousand of his saints.' He has come in clouds of living witnesses, who stand daily at the altar witnessing the honesty of souls who come humbly, as before God, desiring a cleansing from all the 'fihhiness of the flesh' and the bondage of a corrupt inheritance. The lowly soul that seeks help in the order of God, or in presence of his appointed witnesses, never fails of receiving the blessing, which shows plainly that the Christ or Anointed Savior has appeared as truly in these last days as He was manifested in Jesus of Nazareth many year? ago, and the work is as much out of sight of the worldly-wise as it was hidden from the Jews. Nevertheless it is a living fact known and understood by those who do the work. Canterbury, N. H.