HISTORY OF THE CHURCH OF. MT. LEBANON, N. Y. NO 2. Origin of the Church. Since the first preaching of the gospel in America, the Believers have had seven years of experience, aud it was thought best to establish a Community. In the month of September, 1787 all who had accepted the faith were notified by the three united Elders, that those living in the vicinity of New Lebanon, if they so desired, could on application, be gathered into the Church. Many of the Believers, who were able to so adjust their business and social relations as to warrant their change of residence, sought the privilege to become members of the new-formed family. As might be expected, a discrimination must be made, and those who were still in bondage to the world could not be received. Unmarried persons and adults free from debt, or independent of all obligations to others were generally admitted, and also some of the children by the free consent of their parents. The Elders considered it a sacred duty to exercise great care in the formation of this first Family, as upon this care depended much of their success. Those who were not sound in the faith, or were not exemplary persons as well as those who were involved in debt or in bondage to their natural relations were not permitted to become members. An order called a 'family relation,' distinct from the Church was also established, in which the members were not required to follow, so closely, the rules of the senior order. Before the close of the year 1787 the Church had a membership of more than one hundred persons. Hezekiah Hammond, Jonathan Walker, David Darrow and others having consecrated their houses and lands, for the good of the Society, it made ample provision for the Believers for gardening, but not for farming. The limited number ot' dwellings, however, very poorly accommodated the many members who had entered the new home, but these privations were borne with patience till more buildings could be erected and more land purchased. At the beginning of 1788, Elder Calvin Harlow and David Meacham went on a journey to visit the Believers in the several states, and left Elder Joseph Meacham to close the organizing of the Church, and to direct the affairs of those who lived in the vicinity of New Lebanon and Watervliet. On their return they saw with pleasure the success that had attended the labors of Elder Joseph, and at once ac knowledged him as their superior, and the proper person to stand as the director of the Society. It also became evident to the people, by the gift of penetration and wisdom with which he was endowed, and the talent of ministration which he possessed, that he had a parental gift, and was thenceforth unanimously acknowledged and addressed as 'Father' by the members of the Community. By revelation, Father Joseph saw what should be the order of the Church of Christ. It must be a united body, composed of men and women, and the members must be responsible to those who were appointed to be the directors. That an order of Ministry should preside over the whole Church, wherever they might be located, and that an order of Elders should be appointed ia each of the several families, to be the directors in the spiritual management, aud an order of Trustees, to take charge of the temporal interests, in buying and selling, and in the holding of the deeds of the real estate. Every branch of the Zion of God must be under a directing influence, as vested in these several orders, and as the governing spirit was to be the consecration of soul and body to God, selfishness must be ignored and the government shared equally by the Brethren and Sisters. It was also found necessary to establish a system of orders, rules or regulations, for the safe guidance, protection and harmony of all the members. Father Joseph saw the order of the spiritual Kingdom, and the Christian union that should exist between the members, and make of men and women who embraced the faith, Sons and Daughters of God. The selfish relations which formed the life of the old inheritance, must be shaken off and left among the children of the world, and a new inheritance gained in the spiritual relations of Brother and Sister in the pure testimony of Christ. It was on this foundation that Father Joseph established the Church, and in union with the body, an order of Ministry was formed as the leading authority. This order consisted of two Brethren and two Sisters. Father, Joseph Meacham, Abiatha Babbett, Mother, Lucy Wright, Ruth Landon. During the year 1788, the Church at New Lebanon was organized and the several officers appointed to their respective places of trust. From this date a greater distinction was made between the spiritual and temporal departments, although a manifestation of union and consecrated interest governed the whole. It now became necessary to provide more extended accommodations for the family, and a dwelling was soon in process of construction. The frame-work was raised on the 27th of August 1788. A large number of workmen were employed, who contributed their services gratuitously, and so rapidly was the work pushed forward that the family began to occupy it on the following Christmas. The progress this year consisted mostly in the gathering of the members, and in the arranging of the temporal affairs. The limited accommodations subjected the family to much inconvenience, which with the plainness and scarcity of provisions, required of them much Cbristiau kiudness and a large store of patience. The whole section of country for many miles around that of the Community, suffered more or less from the unfruitfulness of the season. The Brethren and Sisters were so deeply absorbed in their work for God and for humanity, that they gave themselves but little rest from their daily labor. In their religious devotions they manifested the same untiring zeal, and this with their testimony of the sharp sword against all the sins of the world, gave them but little time for anything else. They were learning that they must make a full consecration of soul and body to God, and for the blessing of his people. The year 1789 followed on very much as the one already recorded. In 1790 the temporal duties of the family were more carefully adjusted and a system of order much better established. Elder Calvin llarlow was appointed to take charge of the Society at Hancock, which Community was formed in the month of September. Sarah Harrison was also appointed to the Ministry. The other members of the order were selected from the Society at Hancock. As the formation of several Societies in New England was about to take place, the senior Minister for the Brethren, as well as for the Sisters was sent from the Society of New Lebanon, and the others were chosen from the place where the Community was formed. In May 1791, Eleazar Rand and Hannah Kendall moved to Harvard, Mass., and in February 1792, Job Bishop and Hannah Goodrich moved to Canterbury. In Feb. 1793, John Barnes and Sarah Kendall were appointed to the Society at Alfred, Me. The eight delegates were received as the parents in church relation and addressed as such in the Societies where they resided. In this way four Bishoprics were established, according to the order of the gospel church, all having secondary branches. For the maintenance of union, and to sustain a spiritual relation to the Central Church, these Ministers made it a rule to visit the Community at New Lebanon once or more each year.