Every ray of divine light that enters the soul... Every ray of divine light that enters the soul is a witness of God's love to man. As this love is boundless, including all the gifts and graces of the spirit, it must remain infinite in its manifestations and quite beyond our ability to surround it. On every hand we witness the wonderful work of an over-ruling Providence, which serves to inspire the mind with reverence, thankfulness and with thoughtful care for the unnumbered blessings that are vouchsafed to man as well as to 'the earth and all that therein is.' Among the rays of light we find the gospel of the kingdom of Christ which shall be preached in all the world. It has come to us as a revelation of God, as a harbinger of peace, and as a gift of good news. In its ministration it gives grace to the humble and a divine blessing to the pure in heart. It becomes the power of the resurrection and all who accept it are made alive. God's love is our spiritual armor, and those who are clad in the whole armor of God have nothing to fear while engaged in obedience to the call of the divine Teacher. Even the fiery darts of Satan can do no harm. A growing confidence awakens in the soul, and every duty is accepted as an inspiration from on high. Beautiful examples of unshaken confidence are written on the pages of history where men and women have dared to do right. When God is for us, who can be against us? Neither the depths of the Red Sea nor the floods of Jordan could form a barrier against a pleasant and safe march to the shore nearest to the promised land. 'Though thou walkest through the waters I will be with thee, and through the fire it shall not burn thee.' God's love was beautifully illustrated when Jesus called the attention of the Jews to the fact that God was no respecter of persons in his distribution of the common blessings to man. The Jews claimed that God had prospered them as a people in a marked degree over that of all other nations. He had taught them to love their friends and to hate their enemies. He had permitted them to walk through the sea as one would walk on dry land, had rained manna down from heaven, and with this had fed their nation during forty years. Other wonderful and miraculous things had been brought about as a special favor to their name and nation, and warranted them in making the assertion that God loved them as a nation, and as a special mark of favor, hated their enemies. Jesus, however, did not hesitate to spread before them a system of religious life, much more in accordance with the rights and the privileges that should belong to our common humanity. He urged them to love their enemies that they might be known as the children of God, 'for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust.' God's bountiful goodness is proffered to every one, in every nation upon the earth, and none can say that the distribution is wanting in wisdom or remains unappreciated. If we are made able to accept of these treasures with a pure and thankful heart, we may rest assured of the influence that will rule in our own mind, but we may not be at liberty to judge the depth of appreciation that is in the heart of another. The keeping of God's love is the fulfilling of the whole law. It stimulates us to active works of kindness, of mercy and of forgiveness, and gives to its possessor a power to bear the cross of Christ and to live a life consecrated to God and to his people.