Editorial. If the simple assertion of belief could have any intrinsic value... If the simple assertion of belief could have any intrinsic value in its influence upon the mind for good or ill, it would be an expeditious way to accomplish what might often be anticipated as a much desired result. Conditions could readily be made to change 'in the twinkling of an eye,' and any degree of exaltation reached that found a response in the mind. Many consciences have been lulled into a morbid security by the teaching of a false theology. Every form of crime as well as every degree of guilt fades instantaneously before this magic charm. A life of dissipation and crime, in which the 'sins have been as scarlet' has now, under the wand of a theological magician, 'become as white as wool.' A corresponding state might be experienced through the acceptance of that word which is so thoroughly incorporated into the theology of the churches, and yet so speculative in the form in which it is used. Faith according to the apostolic definition is ' an evidence of things not seen.' It is a word of subtle meaning and thousands are led by it into labyrinths where nothing permanent is ever reached. It often serves as a cloak to cover the most absurd movements and to sanction almost any anticipated project that may spring up in an excited mind. Faith in God, as taught in the evangelism of Jesus, is inspirational and in its combination with the principles of practical righteousness, forms the armor of God, through which no power of evil can enter to do harm. St James, in his sermon before the church, does not hesitate to say that Faith, unassisted by good works, is without life, and consequently, cannot impart life to the soul. It was the living waters that were to 'spring up unto everlasting life,' and not the water from the well in Samaria. It is the living faith in the over-ruling Providence of God that inspires the soul to hope, to work and to endure to the end of the Christian race. In acceptance of the cross of Christ we need so much, this living faith in God, believing that he is the rewarder of those who diligently seek Him. Here comes the place for the application of an inspirational faith that shall illumine our pathway as we travel on toward the city of our G-od. A faith that shall inspire us with confidence to trust iii Him who has promised to be our God, and also promised that we shall be his sons and daughters. To dwell in this faith, is to dwell in an assurance that no obstacle can impede our progress, or deprive us of the treasure of ^ present or a future spiritual kingdom. 'We believe,' said Peter, while speaking of Jesus, 'that thou hast the words of eternal life.' If we so live in the world and before the world, that to be called the sons and daughters of God, is not arrogating to ourselves an unmerited title, we shall be baptized into the same spirit and with the words of eternal life, build upon the same spiritual foundation. Nothing short of this determined purpose, to put on the whole armor of God can be of any permanent value. The neglect of any part, howrever trifling it may be, would expose us to the snares and temptations of the adversary of souls. 'Follow me,' said Jesus, and in following him, we are to be like him. As a son of God he was clad in this armor of God. To be like him we must make the same preparation for the battles of life, if we anticipate a victory over a worldly inheritance. In this spirit we enter the contest for faith, and in faith, which will redeem the world and make its kingdoms the kingdoms of our Lord, and also make his people a praise in the earth. Consecrated communities must form the nucleus of such anticipated kingdoms. For God and for the peace, happiness and prosperity of mankind must be the life object of his people. Anything less than this is conservative of selfish interests, making mine and thine the idols of the heart and most effectually closing the avenues which lead to the peaceful reign of the spirit of Christ.