Books and Papers. The World's Advanced Thought The World's Advanced Thought, has most pleasantly advanced to a new form and to a new and beautiful appearance throughout. This with its twin companion, the 'Universal Republic,' from the Pacific coast are our spiritually intelligent and welcome visitors. Engaged as the 'Advanced Thought' is in the 'Unity of Humanity' and in the 'Millennium of Peace,' it has a world-wide field in which to labor for the universal good. Published at Portland, Oregon. $1.50 per year. Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Journal of Health. August. Contents : How New Yorkers are Housed; Suicide; Health without medicine; The Poison of Tobacco; Statistics of Breathing; Pure Instinct; Was it a Vision; How Passover Bread is made ; What are the thoughts of the Dying; Searching for a soul; Catalepsy ; Apoplexy; Why Women get so short of Breath; Save your Strength ; Christian Science Cures ; A Test for Tea; Lager Beer as a Beverage ; A Cure for Sweating Feet; Working-men and Drink, &amp;c, &amp;c Office 206 Broadway, N. Y. The Phrenological Journal The Phrenological Journal for Aug. introduces us to Melville W. Fuller, Chief Justice of the U. S. Supreme Court. A brief but very interesting article follows the portrait. Our Cakes by Henry G. Fox is a lesson of wisdom of which even the worldly wise would do well to take note. Notable People has reached the 22nd. article, and in this we have the portrait of Robert B. Roosevelt a descendant of the early Dutch settlers, and of Gen. Abraham Dally, a veteran of the war of 1812. He has reached the great age of 93 yrs. and yet was able on the centennial anniversary of New York to appear in his continental uniform, and occupy a place on the grand Stand, at the time of the review. A variety of other articles of value is found in the Contents, and the whole may be obtained for onlyl5 cts. at the Office of Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 775 Broadway, N. Y. The Philadelphia Musical Journal The Philadelphia Musical Journal. August Contents. The Scratch Club; Twelve Questions; Art of Violin Repairing; Local Musical States; M. T. N. A. Meeting : Operatic Biography; Educational Department; Sixteen pages of music, etc., etc.- Pub. by Gould &amp; Wooley, 1416 Chestnut St. Philadelphia, Pa. The Nationalist The Nationalist for August, is a welcome messenger. Nationalism and Christianity, by Rev. W. D. P Bliss, is an article well worth the reading, and from which a man arises, having been made better by a careful perusal. Following comes, Public Administration the Condition of Liberty; The Messenger; A Working-man's Views of Nationalism; Catching the Train ; A Nationalist's Ramble among the Magazines; The Voice of Medicine, etc., etc. Send $1.00 to the Nationslist Education Association, No. 9 Hamilton Place, Boston, Mass., and obtain the work for one year.