TESTIMONY OF JOSEPH MAIN. Having been one among the first of those who embraced the gospel of Christ's secor.d appearing, I therefore feel it my duty to bear witness to this gospel, and to the godly character of those faithful witnesses of God from whom we first received it. A little sketch of my former experience and exercises in religion, may serve to show the reader that I was not a stranger to the operations of the Spirit of God, previous to my embracing this testimony. In my early youth, even from childhood I had some convictions of sin. When about twelve years of age, I was awakaned by hearing a preacher, in a religious revival, deliver a powerful testimony against sin, and in favor of ho- liness, which wrought so forcibly upon my feelings, that it was as much as my youthful soul was able to endure. I endeavored to reform my life ; but having no one to lead me in the way of holiness, my convictions gradually wore away, though not without frequent awakenings which caused me much tribulation. In this manner I grew up to manhood. In a revival of religion which took place when I was about the age of twenty, 1 was again greatly awakened. I felt myself separated from God by wicked works, and was convinced that, unless I could find the mercy and favor of God, I must be forever lost. My trouble of mind and conviction of my lost state increased upon me until I was borne down with the weight cf excessive tribulation of soul. In my distress I betook myself to prayer, and made it my constant practice to go out into the woods, near by, and there kneel down and pray to God in the best manner I was able. I continued in this practice, and under this distress of soul, till my flesh wasted away, and my bodily strength diminished so much, that I was at last obliged to take my bed, and felt no strength nor heart to perform any business ; but spent one part of my time in the woods, crying to God for his mercy, and the other part mourning and pining. I felt myself a condemned sinner, unless 1 could obtain the mercy of God. But the great depth of my loss, and the enmity of my fallen nature against God were still unknown to me. At length, while I was one day engaged in prayer, I had a complete view of myself, and saw plainly what I was in the sight of God ; and I found that there was nothing in me but what was as pointed arrows agaiust God and against all good. This view of myself so affected my feelings that I felt no confidence to look for mercy, or even to lift my eyes towards heaven. I therefore went away dumb and unable to open my mouth. After suffering awhile in this state, under the keenest anguish of soul, I again ventured to try what could be done by prayer. Accordingly I continued to pray in the best manner I was able. One night, as I was praying, in great agony of soul, I fell into a trance. Suddenly my senses were withdrawn from the things of this world, and I was carried into the world of spirits, where I beheld an innumerable multitude of people, praising God in the highest strains of glory. They were all of one heart and one mind ; and I was allowed to join with them. It was Heaven itself. My soul was filled with such love of God, and such transports of joy as I am not able to describe. How long I continued in that situation I know not. This vision inspired me with hope. I believed that God had visited me in mercy, and I resolved to maintain his cause, and devote myself wholly to his service. I felt the burden of my sins taken away ; and such was my deliverance from all sinful feelings at that time, that I thought I should never more fall into any known sin. I related my experience to the professors of religion in that revival, and was considered by them as a converted soul, and born of God. Upon their solicitation, I was baptized and received into the Baptist church, at Stonington, in Connecticut, where I then lived ; and I felt determined to walk uprightly, and be faithful in my Christian profession. While I kept this resolution, I was blessed with bright manifestations of the goodness of God. 1 was often in secret prayer, and could find and feel the notice of God in it. At one time, while kneeling before God, in secret, and in great tribulation, fearing that God's spirit had departed from me, I saw myself entirely surrounded with a glorious circle, which resembled the beautiful colors of the rainbow. This I considered as an evident manifestation of the notice of God to me ; and thus my tribulation was taken away, and my fears vanished. At another time, as I was sitting in an assembly on the Sabbath, with my feelings looking to God, these words passed through my mind: klAnd the angels are pitching their tents round about thee.' Suddenly a mighty shock of the power of God fell upon me, and in a moment all the things of time were struck from my senses. I then saw the angels of God descending in white robes, and pitching their tents round about me. I felt an inexpressible transport of joy, and my soul was filled with love and fervency in the cause of God. Such were the notices of God to me, while under the veil of the flesh. Though they were but temporary visitations of the Spirit of God; yet so long as I took up my cross against sin, and did the best I knew, I was favored with these heavenly visitations. But whenever I gave way to any known sin, then these bright visions were withdrawn from me, and my soul was overwhelmed with darkness and tribulation. While I continued to walk in uprightness, and experience the divine manifestations of the Spirit of God, I felt no confidence in the flesh, and was free from all impure desires slw3. inclinations : but through the carnal spirit uud influence of those who belonged to the same church, and whom I considered as members in good standing, I was brought under the power and influence of the same spirit. This, together with the darkening influence of my own fleshly nature, so blinded my spiritual sight and sensation, that I concluded there was no other way iu this ; world, but to live in those things, and i thus 'fulfill the desires of the flesh and of the mind.' Eph. ii., 3. The more I turned my mind after carnal things, the more dim my spiritual lamp became, and the more my darkness increased, till I lost all spiritual life out of my soul. However, I still pursued my object, and entered into a matrimonial contract ; yet I was not at ease in my conscience. I felt troubled ; something was not right, but what it was I could not tell. I reasoned upon the subject. Other Christians marry and it is a common practice among Christians. Why is it not right for me to marry ? Why should I feel troubled about it? I went to enquire of the Lord to know his mind and will, and obtain his approbation. But I could get no answer. I felt conscious that the Spirit of God had departed from me. What could be the cause ? Why truly, I had taken my own way; and instead of seeking, in humble submission, to know and do the will of God, I was acting for myself, and doing my own will. I persisted and strove to take all the comfort I could in the marriage state ; but to no purpose. My imaginary hopes of happiness were soon frustrated, and all my enjoyments ended in disappointment. I had turned my heart from God, and sought happiness in the flesh ; God had forsaken me, and my soul was in trouble. After having lived in the marriage state about a year and a half, my tribulation of soul increased upon me to such a degree, that I knew not which way to turn, nor how to find deliverance. I felt conscious that I had nothing that could save my soul, and knew not how to obtain anything. I looked back to the comfort of my former experience ; but it afforded me no relief. It was out of my reach. I could not recall it, because I could not recall the state in which I stood when I enjoyed that comfort, and experienced those divine manifestations which then produced it. I strove hard to obtain something that would afford me the means or the hope of salvation, and ease my troubled soul; but nothing could I find ; and it appeared to me, that under my then present state, I must be lost, for I could see no remedy. (TO BE CONTINUED.)