SOLILOQUY. Mary E. King. One morning in Autumn while contemplating the comparatively desolate aspect of outward surroundings, I was led to think how silently the laws of God, governing Nature are carried into effect, and how unlike the noise and bustle characterizing all of the works of man! Only a few weeks ago, and we were anxiously watching for the seemingly tardy growth of vegetation. How imperceptibly, as it were, the fair earth had been clad with its many shades of green, and ah, how silently too has this marvelous growth been fulfilled ! I mentally queried, 'Is not the law which enhances the growth of the soul as silently fulfilled? And is not one obscure worthy deed of far greater value to the Christian than many performed merely to be seen by human eyes, or praised by human lips? Too often we regret to find that the motives prompting our daily acts are hardly in accordance with the dictates of conscience! I realize, more and more that the reward arising from conscious integrity and the approval of 'Him who seeth in secret' is rather to be chosen than any words of human praise. * *.'.'* * Sober' Autumn having come again, another lesson presents itself to my thought, for today, I perceive that by the same silent forces noticed in Spring, Nature is being disrobed of her leafy mantle, and that each plar.t and shrub will, ere long, be revealed in its true character, and while one at our right may disclose an ill-shaped, uncomely figure, another at the left is well-defined and symmetrical, and I see that each is presenting its individual outline, revealing its undisguised merits and defects. Just so, I think, must every soul sometime appear before the sunlight of truth. I involuntarily closed my eyes to the earthly scene and the following questions seemed to be put to me audibly. 'Are you willing to be stripped of all false coverings and to lay aside your claim to a name, a profession of religion, and to aught that appears well in the eyes of men? Are you willing to stand in the light of God alone clothed in your just merits? What kind of a character have you been forming, what degree of growth found in spiritual life? Are you willing to display the treasure you honestly claim as yours, gained by the work of the heart or that of the hands? ' While pondering these weighty questions, the rays of an autumnal sun began to gild the distant horizon, and gradually, yet surely rose above the hilltops, until I could see the whole of its broad disk. Unwonted joy thrilled my being, for by the accompanying impressions I was assured that the Intelligence which had questioned me so closely, had also giv n evidence that the rays of the San of Righteousness had not only appeared upon the horizon of my soul's vision, but reassured me that though apparently slow in its progress, it would yet rise above the mountains of self-love, pride, vanity and other worldly influences, surrounding me, and finally illumine my whole life, if faithful to my conscientious trust. Canterbury, N. H.