'AM I MY BROTHER'S KEEPER?' CORA C. VlNNEO. The first record we have of the use of this sentence is in the fourth chapter of Genesis, when the wicked first born of Adam slew his own brother. Oh! shocking deed. I seem to see the children, Cain and Abel, in their childhood innocence, before sin had set its seal upon the brow of Cain, and marked him as a fugitive in the earth. When they grew to the estate of manhood thev chose different occupations, one tilling the soil, and the other keeping sheep. I imagine with what delight Cain took Abel through his fields, confiding every feeling to him as they went, and he in return would climb the mountain heights to see the products of Abel's care. All seemed to be prosperous. In course of time they desired to make an offering unto the Lord. Cain brought the first fruits of the land, and Abel the firstlings of the flock. The Lord, it is said, had respect for Abel's offering because he was righteous, but unto Cain and his offering he had not respect. This stirred within Cain the feelings of anger and revenge, and when he saw his brother he lifted up his hand and slew him. When the Lord asked him where Abel was, he replied, 'I know not; Ami my brother's keeper?' Thus he added falsehood to murder, and justly deserved the punishment which was inflicted; and in his own conscience he felt, no doubt, that he should have been his brother's keeper, but had proved most unworthy of his trustWe are all each others keepers, and under the law of sympathy and dissimilarity it is impossible to be otherwise. 'It is the universal law of all that exists,' says a modern philosopher, 'not to have in itself either the reason or the entire aim of own existence ' What is taken to supply life from is sure to be given back in some way, for this world is built upon a vast system of exchange. It is utterly absurd for human beings to style themselves independent. 'No man, no class can be exclusive, each lives by the help of all, and is bound up in the welfare of all, in one living, sympathetic organization.' We do not comprehend how much we rely upon others, how much we live in them, nor how much we should miss them if suddenly taken from us. One has one gift or power of adaptability which another has not, thus through our different individnal gifts we become our brother's or our sister's keepers. ''So the carpenters encourage the goldsmiths, and he that smooths with the hammer, he that smites the anvil. There are other ways still in which we may be the keepers, guardians or friends of our associates. When we see them sinking under infirmity, or overtaxed with weighty duties, or drooping under discouragement, let us then remember that 'a friend in need is a friend indeed.' But above all other assistance, lt us a knowledge that which comes from a truly Christian lifV, and be exceedingly careful lest through any thought, word or action, we hurt the oil and the wine in any soul. Let us watch over and pray for all as we should like to be prayed for that at the end of time it may be said of us in sincerity, that we were all each others keepers, spiritually as well as temporally. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.