Books and Papers. The Dawn Those who read 'The Dawn,' a paper published by the Progress Pub. Co., of Boston, Mass., will be quite likely to think that the sun has already risen in this messenger of ligh t. It seems quite tini3 that a paper bearing this farm of truth, and devoted to the temporal interests of minkind, on the basis of the brotherhood of man should be placed before the world. The 'Declaration m Principles' is a paper wrought out by a high standard of moral excellence, and if persistently r egarded must be conducive of much good. No. 3. of Vol. 1, is before u&gt;and is a paper of ' good will' toward man It may not be classed among the spiritual papers but it has published a Vision, and one that is worth reading. Bible students as they read will think of the good old proph_ et Ezekiel and may be, wonder which vision h?d the best dry bones. The Farm Poultry We have received a copy of 'The Farm Poultry,' and this is No. 1, of Vol. 1, which informs us that it is new in the world. On the first page it has a very pretty illustration of Cottage life. Better than that, it will tell 'How to make money with a few hens,' and the Editor expects to tell how this may be done. We all want the money, and want the hens, and as the cost of the paper will be onlj fifty cents per year, we must send that amount to I. S. Johnson &amp; Co., 22 Custom House St., Boston, Mass. The Philadelphia Musical Journal The Philadelphia Musical Journal. September. Our Opera; The Scratch Club; Musical Notes; Correspondence; Penn's State; Music Teacher's Ass'n; The Amateur Organist; Amateur Orchestral Society; The Violin, The Banjo, The Zither; Musical News, etc., etc. Gould &amp; Wooley, 1416 Chestnut St., Philadelphia, Pa. The Phrenological Journal The Phrenological Journal for September has an interesting sketch of the American Astronomer, Maria Mitchell. This is prefaced with a portrait of this remarkable woman. The work also contains portraits of Wilkie Collins, the English novelist; and of Caroline Schultz the RussoFrench Physician, with accompanying notices. Practical Phrenology by Prof. Sizer affords a valuable amount of instructive information. Those who are so fortunate as to obtain a copy of the Journal will be better informed by the careful perusal of these articles. Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 775 Broadway, N. Y.