The History of the Church at Mt. Lebanon... The History of the Church at Mt. Lebanon, which has appeared in several numbers of the Manifesto, brings forward some very important points, well worthy of a careful and studied inspection. It was a new, religious work, the outgrowth of a deep, spiritual interest for the prosperity and .happiness of humanity. The first Elders, or witnesses, who came to us with the word of God, had been the favored recipients of that inspiration which led them into prayer, and into that form of gospel life which is so fully set forth in that inestimable sermon on the mount. It had been shown to them through their religious experience that the lovingkindness of God was extended over the whole world, and all who walked uprightly would be made partakers of his boundless love. It had also been shown to them that the selfishness of man had become one of the strongest elements of his being, and that in the development of this quality, evei^thing standing in the way, must be sacrificed. Mine and thine seems to have been the watchword upon which all business transactions were carried forward and the foundation upon which all worldly interests were established. Thousands and thousands of years had faded away, while this element, in the character of man had been in process of development. Its right to command and to demand had been acknowledged throughout the whole world, and neither civil nor ecclesiastical authority moved to place a barrier in the way, or to define any limits to the acquisitions which were made. in God's good time, however, came the spiritual messengers of his word. It was the kingdom of Christ. Jesus had already warned the selfish, rich men that their accumulation of treasures would waste away by moth and rust, and had given lessons for the living of a better life. Mother Ann Lee and the Elders, in their love and zeal for God and humanity, through revelation and inspiration, had revived the testimony which, had been thrown aside, so carelessly, and urged upon their hearers the necessity of making a full consecration to God. It was a heroic work ! a wonder in the earth ! ! That any man or woman could rise so far above the selfishness of their own hearts and give their lives to God, that others might live TEIEl-IMCS. more happily upon the earth, was indeed, a great wonder. It was the ;'strait gate,' the 'narrow way' and but few went in thereat. We need not look with surprise upon the fearful journey which these Elders made, but rather with surprise as we learn that they were able to maintain their Christian testimony in the midst of such a fierce persecution. It was the privilege of the Elders to lay the foundation for a more successful community than had ever been known, and their successors in the Ministry carried the inspirational work on to a high state of perfection. This form of consecration, this ignoring of every selfish claim and giving to God all that one possesses, brought them into the Church of Christ and gave them an assurance, that in this, God would be their God, and that they would be his sons and daughters. Father Joseph Meachain, the leading spirit in the work of organizing the Community, followed the inspirational teachings of the Elders, and successfully consummated their work. With 'one accord' the people gathered to the new home. They came out from the relations of the world, sold their possessions, dedicated their souls to God, and gave all that they possessed to the gospel work. No higher incentive could inspire the minds of men. In this they were laying down their lives for their friends, and yet, the foundation remains sure. Those of the present day who build miist stand on the same foundation and build with materials equally as pure in the sight of God, and in the same spirit of consecration, if they think to acquire a corresponding success in this world. An amalgamation of the two orders can never work satisfactorily. 'No man can serve two masters.' The old inheritance with its mutual associations, the customs and practices of the children of this world, cannot otherwise than result in a failure, to an individual, to a family or to a community. Indeed, it Avould seem that the admonitions which have been given in a past age might be, even at the present time, sufficiently vital to protect any church from failing into those conditions which will ultimately result in its entire failure. Father Joseph and his faithful, zealous co-laborers entered the gospel work with an assurance that they could and would endure to the end, and be among those living witnesses who would see the salvation of their souls. They were crucified to the world, as was the apostle, and they were assured as positively, as they were assured of the existence of God that the gates of hell could never prevail against that work which had its foundation in the spirit of truth, nor against those who put on the whole armor of God and kept the faith. To the present generation is committed this sacred trust, and it should be made a savor of life unto life. God's blessing cannot otherwise than attend those who 'put their hands at work and give their hearts to God.' The promise can never fail. It is to be a hundred fold of houses and lands and gospel kindred in this world, and in that which is to come, eternal life. Articles published in the Manifesto must be referred to the authors for any explanation that may be required. New views and good views may be both pleasant and profitable. Theological notions are of far less value than religion or practical righteousness, and in order to be saved from the sins of the world, one must live a life consecrated to God and to his people. Through the kindness of a friend we are able to distribute several copies of the Manifesto, gratuitously. Any person, not able to pay the subscription price, can have the paper sent to them free by forwarding to us their address on a postal.