Editorial. There is much reason to believe, that so long as... There is much reason to believe, that so long as the race of man exists, there will always be classes of decided good, and decided bad with a great variety of shades between. From the origin of mankind to the present day, remarkable examples of self-sacrifice and of righteousness have been wrought out, in whose path multitudes have followed more or less correctly, and through this means preserved the government of man from falling wholly into the charge of the destroyer. So early as the days of Abel, if we may accept the history of those times, men began to call upon the name of the Lord, for protection and guidance. They were soon designated by classes and probably were as well known at that date, as we at the present time know the Christian and the Infidel. One class styled themselves the sons of God and called the other class, the sons of men. Special spiritual favors were conferred upon the first order, while the others were sadly neglected. The wicked and those who love to do wickedly, have by no means been a small company. They have at times filled the world with dreadful forebodings, especially at that date when it was said of them, 'Every imagination of the thought of his heart was evil continually.' This was, indeed, a dark day, as only one righteous man could be found in all the earth. ISoah excites our interest, and we read with astonishment of the wonderful work through which he passed in his anxiety to save himself and others from destruction by the flood. Through all the earlier ages of mankind, and even to the present, with all that might have held man in an uncivilized state, he has been moving onward and upward toward a more liberal government and a higher state of morality. To those who dream that a golden age has been with us and gone, no more to return, and to those who picture to themselves the great glory of a future era this may not be accepted quite so readily. The garden of Eden may have been to its possessors the loveliest spot on the earth. God planted it, and coming directly from his hand it must have been preeminently beautiful. Noah and his family may have sailed in the best vessel that the world afforded, and yet the garden of Eden and Noah's Ark might not afford much satisfaction to the people of today. We have that which belongs to our age, and we trust that it is the best that can be at this time. A careful study of the race, however, will be likely to throw much light upon the subject and show us that with all the ills of this life, we are now in the enjoyment of more and greater blessings than ever were known at an earlier date. If it so happens that a few persons may be found, who are always looking on the dark side of life, and feel assured that this world is full of iniquity, it does not prove their statements to be positively true, but offers the chance for an investigation. Evil influences may be abroad in the earth to an alarming extent, as they have been since the day that Cain and Abel held their religious controversy. Goodness, however has always been in the ascendency since the days of reliable history, and today, in a special manner, is seen on every hand, exerting a controlling influence over the affairs of man. Man's humanity for man is enlarging. Societies are forming or in active working order that carefully provide for the poor, the aged and even for the abused little children. Domestic animals, those faithful servants of man, that are not able to plead for themselves are also cared for as never before. Indeed, God is good, in that he has provided for us a world so beautiful, and in that he so kindly cares for all the objects of his creation. As children of a merciful, heavenly Father, we should learn these lessons of goodness and love, and make the work of righteousness the leading feature of life, that the record of our journey in time may be a safe rule for all to follow who may pass over the same road.