The Bible Class. We place here in this little corner of our Manifesto... We place here in this little corner of our Manifesto a sweet bait to attract the attention of the young people among Believers, who are interested in the study of the Scriptures, which we are sure must be the case in every Society. We have asked a question which will take research, thought, and spiritual jugdment to answer, and we would like to hear from each one their own decision, and the result will be published in the next Manifesto. We would like all answers to reach us by the fourteenth of the month that they may be ready for the next issue. Let each answer be upon a separate slip of paper, written only on one side, and with name attached. Enclose all from one family in the same envelope with nothing else so that time need not be wasted to assort them. We think a research like this among the treasures of the Bible will bring to view many hidden gems. We cannot say until we have tried it just now the answers will be published. If several different answers are given, we may insert them all, giving the highest choice the irst place. 1. Which two verses of Psalms, used as a prayer, are the sweetest and strongest? 2. Which is the most noble act of self-sacrifice mentioned in the Old Testament, and why? 3. Who is the grandest character in the Old Testament, and why? 4. Which is the most interesting book of the Old Testament? 5. Which of all the Savior's promises contains the most comfort? 6. Which are the two wisest Proverbs? 7. Which is the most joyous Psalm? Editor. A PICTURE IN THE LIFE OF CHRIST. Fred M. Reeg. As I sit in meditation, one of the most beautiful pictures in the life of our Savior appears before me. I seem to be in one of the main streets of a small village; children are playing about the doors of the cottages. Before me a rod or two away in front of one of the largest houses stands a group of men who s&gt;eem to be discussing some important question. What is it? I draw nearer. In the center of the group sitting on a large stone served as a step I see a man who seems to be instructing those around him. I look at him more closely. I notice the high forehead, the bright blue eyes, the wavy hair and noble form. His hand is raised as though to give more force to what he has to say. My eyes turn towards one of two houses out of which comes a motherly looking woman. She is leading a little girl by the hand while in her arms she holds another still younger whose little eyes look up into her mother's face as though wondering what it all meant. She walks toward the crowd. As she reaches the outer edge one of the men speak to her in a reproving tone. I do not catch the words, but I see the eyes of the woman drop and her face assumes a distressed look as she turns to go. But hark! the teacher in the center has over-heard; he calls to the woman in a gentle tone and the crowd making room for her, she .returns. He takes the children on his knee and places his hands on their curly heads. His eye is lighted up with loving tenderness. He turns and addresses those around him. The children look up into his face with innocent glee and many of the eyes of those around him are moistened at the sight. By and by other mothers come, bringing their children, and soon the gentle teacher is surrounded, not by gray-haired men, but by laughing boys and girls. Can the imagination picture a more beautiful sight? A man in the prime of life whose dark hair is spotted hc-e and there with gray from the many cares already borne, surrounded by innocent childhood which knows nothing of the cares and trials of life. But this scene cannot always last, soon it is interrupted and the children go bacK to their plays all unconscious of the effect they have made on the hearts of those around them, and the lesson they leave to be learned wherever the gospel of Jesus is taught. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.