FROM OUR DIARY. Sept. 30. Early on the morning of the above date we, (the Ministry of Canterbury and Enfield,) left our beautiful home on the hills of N. H. to make a visit to the Society of Mt. Lebanon, in the state of New York. From our Village to the city of Concord is twelve miles. A carriage ride of two hours, over the hills and dales, proved to be very agreeable. At 10.20 we were in the cars and on our way to Nashua At this station we had the pleasure of conversing with Elder John B. Vance for a few minutes, before he took the train for Boston. Our company, at this place, change cars and leave the Concord R. R. for that of the Boston and Maine. On reaching the Junction in Ayer, our train, agreeably to the usual custom, stops about ten minutes. During this time Elder Elijah Myrick of Harvard calls to see us, and his angel visit made our hearts glad toward our gospel relation of Harvard. Again we are passing rapidly on our way and at 2.15 P. M., we enter the Union Station at Worcester. Once more we are to change cars, and this time enter those of the Boston and Albany. Tickets must be bought, checks for the baggage changed, and we must go into the dining room and purchase a lunch. In this Station, we have a forced rest of more than two hours and although hundreds of people are coming and going we find ourselves in a world of strangers. While we are waiting the moments pass slowly away till 4.20 when we enter the express train for Springfield. At 5.55 we are at the new station, and soon find, that in so large a crowd, we are in sad need of a guide. We might have lost our way but for the timely presence of Br. Daniel Orcutt who gave us safe conduct to a place where Elder George Wilcox was in waiting with a carriage to take us to the Cooley Hotel. The presence of two angels with wings could not have been more welcome, than was the company of these beloved Brethren. At the Hotel, Sisters Sophia Copley and Caroline Tait met us, who with their Brethren had come a distance of nine miles for a few hours of social converse. We formed our circle in the parlor of the Hotel and our little meeting of seven souls did not dismiss till 8.30. It was a very interesting season, and to the delegation from New Hampshire it proved equally as profitable. Elder George is not the man to hide his gospel light under a bushel, and the testimony that he delivered would bear repeating before a larger audience. Our visit over, the friends from Enfield were soon in their carriage and on their way to Shaker Village. It was dark, quite dark, but with a kind horse, and a correct knowledge of the whole road, they entertained no fears. The good-byes all said and we return to the Hotel. The R E. track was only a few feet distant and with the rumbling of the cars, the ringing of bells, the blowing of the whistles and the puffing and snorting of the engines, the time for rest was quite different from that described by Montgomery. Oct. 1. With the dawn of a new day we made preparations for continuing our journey. At 9.05 we were to leave Springfield. The tickets were bought and pocketed, the trunk checked and the Sisters on board of the cars. By advice we had left a large valise at the Hotel which the porter was to take to the Baggage-room and have it checked. But the baggage and the porter delayed their coming. Patience must be added to patience. The last signal was given and away went the train. The writer now had ample time for sober reflection as the next train would not leave till 11.30. When the conductor made his visit the Sisters were obliged to excuse themselves, by saying that they had no tickets, that the Brother who had purchased them had missed the train. With a courtesy characteristic of the conductors on this road, he asked if the man who had bought the tickets was a Shaker, and receiving an answer in the affirmative, he said it was 'all right,' as he should, very soon, hear from them. After passing the station in Huntington the conductor informed the Sisters that two tickets had been deposited in the office at Springfield. Patient waiting, however, is no loss, and the journey to Pittsfield on the express train was far preferable to the one that stops at every village. Br. Ira Lawson, very kindly met the writer at the station, and after a ride of about four miles, over a good road, we reach the village of Hancock. Dinner over we enjoy a visit with our gospel friends. We walk out to see the round, stone barn. It is a curious structure. All the stoc c stand in their stalls with their heads toward the center of the building. There is a passage way of some four feet in front of the cattle, around the entire barn, while the hay occupies a place in the center. The feeding of the stock and general attendance is made very convenient. On the loft above is a driveway next to the walls. The teams enter by a large door, unload, drive around the barn and pass out at the same door. This arrangement has some advantages that may not be found in buildings of a different shape. We pass through the building used for the cutting and drying of sweet corn. Every convenience is at hand to make the business a success. The season for drying was over, but the corn was passing through a winnowing mill where all the hulls, &amp;e. &amp;c, were thrown out and a beautiful article for food was being barreled for the market. Such care in the preparation of an article that was to be sold, reflects honor upon the Society and brings to mind the course pursued by the early Shakers. In the evening we enjoy a visit with several of the Brethren and Sisters, which closes the duties of the day. Oct. 2. Among other places we make a short visit to the school. Some eight or ten pupils were present. The teacher, very kindly, changed the programme of the day and during our visit we were much interested in the exercises. The reading, writing and drawing were especially interesting. Passing from this place, other visits were to be made and other dear friends to be seen. At 3 P. M., a span of horses, with a covered carriage and a youthful driver, from Mt. Lebanon was at the door of the Office. A cold breeze was blowing over the mountain from the N. W., and we found that a few extra wraps were quite acceptable. The mountain passage was rough and muddy. As we began to descend the mountain, we thought of our dear boy who had taken us in charge, then of the horses, good, faithful old servants, and then of our carriage with its inefficient brake for the wheels. We talk of mountain rides in N. H., but we should be obliged to travel many miles from Canterbury before we should find one that could equal this mountain pass, between the Villages of Mt Lebanon and Hancock. As we go down, down, down, passing one steep declivity after another, and find that our heart still pulsates as usual, we begin to think of the Arab, who on his escape from danger, cries out, 'Allah be praised !' Our driver suddenly becomes a man, and a skillful guide, the horses understand their business, and hold the carriage as carefully as though it was made of glass. They have not made one false step nor manifested any nervousness on account of the burden that was pressing upon them, and our comfortable carriage moves along so easily and quickly that we almost forget the discomforts of the trip, and enjoy with admiration the wonderful landscape that is spread out before us. We are at the Office, and soon surrounded by some of the dear friends in this beautiful, gospel home. Oct. 3. We meet in conference with our beloved Ministry, Elder Daniel Boler, ' Giles B. Avery, Eldress Ann E. Taylor, ' Harriet Bullard, and confer with them upon those subjects which are of interest to the Societies in N. H. In the P. M. we make a visit to the workshops of the Sisters. As the time was limited to two hours the visits were necessarily brief, still it was pleasant to see and converse with our gospcA mothers, Betsy Crosman, Eleanor Potter, Matilda Keed and others, so comfortable in health and happy in spirit. In the Bakery we met a company of young Sisters who were preparing food for a picnic as six Brethren and seven Sisters were anticipating an excursion to Perry's Peak on the following day. It had been arranged by the Elders of the family, that those forming the company should have the pleasure of preparing their own food. We half wished that we were to share the enjoyment with them, of climbing tlnj mountain and viewing from its summit the many beautiful scenes. As Mt. Lebanon is the parent Society, the Believers situated in other states often visit this place, and present their reports to the Ministry, who stand as their spiritual leaders. The spirit of love must be the governing power of our religious Community and without this, there can be no life. Oct. 4. The signal for rising in the morning, is a few strokes of the large bell. It is five o'clock. At six o'clock the same bell calls the family to breakfast. This over and all are now ready for any duty that may demand their attention. As our home during this visit is in the Trustees' Office, and we are sharing their kindness and care, we shall take great pleasure in calling them to mind. Br. Benjamin Gates, '* Robert Valentine, Sister Mary Hazzard, ' Tabitha Lapsley, ' Emma J. Neal. At 2 P. M. we visit the Center Family. Among the aged sisters we find Sisters Rhoda Blake, Hannah Blake, and Hannah R. Agnew. These occupy a place among our faithful gospel mothers, who have earned an inheritance in all the choice blessings that abound in our Community. We have the pleasure of seeing many others who reside in this family. This season was very much appreciated and the time passed pleasantly while in the enjoyment of social and profita. ble conversation. On former occasions we have visited the laboratory, where large quantities of medicinal extracts are made, for home and foreign markets. Also the printing establishment, where much of the printing is done for the'Community. They have also a good fount of music type, and for several years furnished that department in the Manifesto. Jn the evening we return to the church office. Oct. o. At 10 o'clock we walk to the North Famiiy, and spend the day among our gospel friends at that place. We listen, with deep interest, to the remarks that flow from the spiritually developed mind of our beloved Elder Frederic. Even at the age of 81 yrs. he conducts an extended correspondence and receives many beautiful and interesting letters. We visit a building, the cellar of which, has been rebuilt for the keeping of apples and other fruit, at the cost of $1000. As this is a vegetarian family, where but little if any meat is ever eaten, they go to more expense in the cultivation and preserving of fruit. The apple harvest, this season, has been considered very good, and many of the specimens which were brought to the house were unusually large. Elder Frederick believes that the day is coming when 'nothing shall harm or hurt in all God's holy mountain.' We passed through the large stone barn, where all the stock are comfortably housed during the winter season. Everything was arranged in the best of order, and worked to the advantage of the herdsman, and for the protection and comfort of the animals. Three large silos occupy sufficient space at one end of the barn to hold hundreds of tons of ensilage. The great value of this article for food during the winter is fully appreciated. In the P. M., we enjoyed a pleasant season of social communion with the Brethren and Sisters. Br. Henry Cantrell called to see us. He is now in his 82nd year, and although feeble in health, is alive in the spirit. For many years, Br. Henry has been a faithful laborer in the vineyard of the Lord, and his reward is with him. Br. Daniel Fraser, at the age of 85, is still more feeble in body. We found him at the Infirmary, waiting patiently for the good angels to accompany him to his heavenly home. His spiritual vision was clearly denned, and he conversed as pleasantly and with the same deep interest for truth and righteousness, as was his custom in former days. Fortunately for us, Br. Levi Shaw reached home just before we left the family, and we had the pleasure of a short but very interesting interview with him. Oct. 6. It is the Sabbath! Xo work is to be performed in the Community that can consistently be deferred till another day. 'The day is to be sacredly kept for the worship of God.' Literature that develops a moral education and cultivates an interest in spirituality should be selected for study or perusal. The Believers had anticipated a meeting of the whole Community in the Church, and the large room was kept warm several hours for that purpose. By nine o'clock the rain came down so liberally, that the order of the day was changed, and the meetings were held in other places. At 2 P. M., many of the Believers assembled and held their service in the Hall at the First Family. The singing and speaking, and the silent influences of the love of God, made the season one of spiritual prosperity and an aid to practical righteousness. A social visit with the Brethren and Sisters, at a later hour of the day, was a season of pleasure and profit. A gospel relation can never grow old or become unmindful of each other, as it is formed in the union of the spirit of God and in the bond of peace. Oct 7. At ten o'clock, Br. Daniel Offord is at the office with a span of horses and a nice carriage to take our Sisters to the Family in Canaan. Eldress Anna White accompanies them. The writer, who has accepted the companionship of a severe cold, is doing penance by fasting, and must stay at home. Br. Rufus Crosman, who is 91 years of age, calls at the office, and we enjoy a very pleasant, social chat. Br. Rufus enjoys excellent health for one so aged, and is still able to do considerable work in his shop. During the past year he has made a large number of fancy pails. He also makes all the bales, ears and hoops. The staves are from some four or five kinds of wood, and when finished are very pretty. Br. Rufus has no machinery in his room, but does all his work with a few hand tools. He has no use for spectacles, and taking up the Manifesto, read with ease the finest print. His hearing is equally as acute, and he enters into a conversation with the ease of a person carrying a much less number of years. We visited several of the workshops of the Brethren and Sisters, and found faithful, industrious laborers in every place, and many thoughtful souls who were earnestly praying for the peace and prosperity of our Community. The Sisters return at five o'clock and report the day well filled with prosperity and happiness. They had a pleasant ride of three miles to the family in Canaan. Br. George Clark, the director of the family, made them kindly welcome to the home of the Believers. Every thing in and about the premises, bore the mark of neatness, and a general prosperity was a prominent feature of the place. This family, liKe that of the Novitiate order, is strictly vegetarian. In the evening, we were invited to attend to the exercises of the Bible class. Sister Amelia Calver officiated as the director, and manifested a deep interest in the work. The pupils numbering nearly thirty, of both sexes, were correspondingly interested, and their recitations and singing and reading, gave evidence that they were willingly and earnestly pursuing their studies, on the subject of Sacred History. One feature of the school was particularly interesting to us, as the selections for reading were taken from the Manifesto. It was an appreciation of the labors in our own home, and an exercise that was worthy of commendation. Dr. Carl, a Brother in the first family was also present, and took an active part in the exercises. He illustrated the lesson of the evening by some pleasant, timely and clearly-defined remarks. With this privilege, and the untiring interest of the teachers, these pupils in Biblical literature, will, and must remember these seasons for education with a great deal of pleasure and satisfaction. It is a study that will never grow old, and imparts a knowledge that is never out of place, in any order of society, whether in the palace or in the cottage. We ask God's blessing on the whole school, for its present and future prosperity. Oct. 8. At 8 o'clock we are taken to the South Family, a distance of nearly a mile, and almost to the foot of Perry's Peak, of which we have so interesting an account in the Manifesto of Sept. Elder Win. Anderson and others met us with a cordial welcome, and we were soon engaged in an interesting conversation. This family seems to occupy a curious place. High and steep mountains rise on the east and on the south. and leave only a diminutive strip of land, adjacent to their buildings that is suitable for cultivation. Their farm lies beyond the mountain on the south, at a distance of one or two miles from, and wholly out of sight of the Family. The farmers take their dinner on going to the field in the morning and do not return to the house till the close of the day. This Family manufactures the Shaker Chairs. Of these they say, 'We have spared no expense or labor in our endeavors to produce an article that cannot be surpassed in any respect, and which combines all the advantages of durability, simplicity and lightness.' The largest chairs weigh only ten pounds and the smallest less than five. The Believers began the manufacture of these chairs in 1776, 'and chair-making has always remained with us an occupation to the present date.' Br. Wm, Thrasher, who is 95 years of age, resides in this Family. His activity and endurance are surprising. He is still able to engage in an animated conversation, and his sight is excellent. In his walks over the mountains, which are taken quite frequently, he would outstrip many a man of one half his years. Br. William thought people ought not to talk about being old, till they were ninety. Old age means inaction, and the laying down of the duties of life. At 1.30 P. M., we ride to the Second Family. Former visits have made us feel so much at home, that we need no formal introduction. Elder Clinton Brainard gave us a very cordial welcome, and with the addition- al company of the Eldresses we were most pleasantly entertained. As we had only about an hour to spare before returning to the Office, our visit extended only to a part of the family. Those whom we did see were social and interested in the prosperity of Believers and in the promulgation of the gospel testimony. This family has a nice fence which runs, a few feet in front of their buildings, the whole length of their dooryard. A Brother was engaged in re-painting the fence, and it will, when finished, lork very neat and pretty. We only had time to shake hands with Br. Charles, and to recognize other Brethren at a greater distance, as we rode to the Office of the First Family, having Elder Clinton as our guide, and a span of beautiful horses to take us over the road. As this was the closing day of our visit, we found it necessary to make some arrangements for our return to N. H. Oct. 9. At 7.30 Br. Henry Cantrell, Jr., was at the office with a carriage, to take us to the Station at West Pittsneld or about one half mile east of the Society at Hancock. After returning many thanks for many favors, and saying our last farewell, we left the beautiful friends, and the beautiful village of Mt. Lebanon. In a few minutes we were rising from degree to degree, on the steep mountain side, and resting in all security, with the skill of the horseman, and in the assurance that the horses never swerved from their duty. We have seen horses that would not hold the least load on descending a hill, that would not pull a load up a hill, and indeed, horses that wouAd methodically arrange to do whatever th^y might choose. But these horses really astonish us; they are so kind, so sure-footed, so faithful in the management of their burdens, whether ascending or descending, that we want to thank them for their animal kindness. One of our dear Brethren was on a journey and had two Sisters in the carriage. The good old horse, that is good nine times out of ten, stopped on the hill-side and looked around to the carriage. He concluded he had too much load, and no amount of coaxing could induce him to move. So soon as the Sisters stepped from the caraiage, the horse kindly and gently went on his way up the mountain, allowing the Sisters to have an invigorating walk of half a mile. The horses that Br. Henry drove, at this time, entertained a high regard for their master and for themselves. They moved along up the mountain without a faltering step, and carried us safely over the summit and as safely down on the other side. In due time we reached the station and concluded that we had enjoyed a very pleasant and agreeable ride. Br. Henry entertained us with some very interesting items having reference to the Western states by comparing the scenery of those broad, level fields with that of the Berkshire Hills, over which we were now traveling. The picture was so pleasant that we were almost persuaded to wish that our lot had been cast in that El Dorado of the west when he suddenly said, 'After all, taking all things into consideration I would sooner live at Mt. Lebanon than in any place at the west, as our state, our town and our Village has many advantages, and then it is our' gospel home, and 'there's no place like home.'' We bade good-bye to Br. Henry, with many thanks, and he was soon out of sight. As our first change of cars would be at Worcester, we could obtain tickets only to that place. We step on board of the train at 8.52 and are pleased to learn that our genial Br. Washington Jones, having business in that city, will bear us company. Tn Worcester we are to wait just one hour. After obtaining a lunch, we bid farewell to Br. Washington and enter the cars for Nashua. Here we again change to another road and finally reach Concord at 5.45. In a few minutes we find ourselves comfortably situated in the Eagle Hotel, and soon retire for the night, quite weary from the long journey. Oct. 10. At 10 o'clock a carriage arrives from our own home, and we are soon on the road. A little more than two hours passes on the dial while we are traveling these twelve miles. If it was slow it was safe, as safe as has been our whole journey, for which we have great reason to be thankful.