THE GARDEN OF THE HEART. An Allegory. Hamilton De Graw. It was a spot originally covered with a dense growth of natures forming, but after the clearing up process had been accomplished, it had been sadly neglected. Weeds (bad habits) had grown up where the owner had planted good seed, but had failed to keep the garden clean of the weeds that were crowding out the good and useful plants. One day, as the gardener was reposing overshadowed by the plaut of iudolence, he fell asleep, and in his sleep an angel came to him and said, w'What hast thou doue to inherit eternal life?' The gardener replied, ''The garden that whs given me was a wilderness, and I have removed the dense growth thai nature enshrouded it with, and let in the sunshine of Truth. But the angel replied. 'What meatiest all these rank and poisonous weeds here in the garden that was given thee to till and make clean for the Holy Spirit, so that it could come and repose with thee? Sluggard, if thou would inherit eternal life shew works meet for repentance.' The angel then disappeared and lie awoke. Is it so, he said to himself, that I am not yet accepted of the Father ; and looking up, the dark leaves of indolence seemed to lull him to more ease, but he aroused and proceeded to destroy the noxious plants that had prevented him from having a garden fit for the angels to dwell in. But the task was a hard one and many times he almost gave up in despair ; but, though unseen, the voice of the angel spake to him encouragingly, 'he that overcometh shall inherit all things.' Encouraged he toiled through the heat of the day, and at morn and at eve until he had eradicated indolence from his garden. Then the angel appeared to him and said: 'Sou, thou art now ready to begin thy life work ; make clean thy garden and the Father will give thee thy reward. Adieu.' The angel again disappeared. The gardener looking around, saw what was to be done. There was envy and jealousy smothering the beautiful plant of brotherly love. Revenge must be destroyed before forgiveness can shed its fragrant odor throughout the garden, Avarice, and love for power and earthly gain must make room for humility. The gardener saw that it would not be an easy task, but when about to faint and grow weary the words of the angel would encourage him to toil on. Day by day the gardener worked with energy of purpose, and the garden began to grow more beautiful, the task became less burdensome for he took intense delight in the labor necessary for its improvement. But the gardener was growing old, Time had repeatedly warned him by his tottering footsteps that he must be diligent ere the return of the angel bearing the reward from the Father. Thus it became a labor of love. Weary he again fell asleep, and the angel came to him and viewing the garden, said, 'Son, thou hast well done, thy garden is clean ; arise and receive thy reward.' The angel placed upon his head a crown of victory, and he heard the voices of the redeemed singing a beautiful refrain. 'My weary heart hath found a resting place, My feet no longer need to roam, For in the blessedness of perfect love, I've a home, sweet home. Sonyea, N. Y.