God bless Mount Lebanon... 'God Bless Mount Lebanon!' It was our good pleasure to find this beautiful expression in a very interesting and inspirational article, published in the Manifesto, in the month of September. We find much satisfaction as we introduce the same manifestation of spiritual interest to the many readers of our little messenger of 'good news,' and with them, wish to extend its influence into every circle that may be formed by the Believers. Through such breathings of lovingkindness, we find ourselves in harmony with the spirit of good angels, and no less with the spirit of God. As simple as it may be, it carries a potent influence to the heart of every honest worker in the vineyard of God and makes of our Zion home, a center of interest and care, and a place to which we may look with confidence and love. Through all the days of our pilgrimage with those who have accepted the Cross of Christ, we should be actively at work for the peace and prosperity of oar gospel relation. Engaged as they are in a mission of love for humanity, in a calling of such vital interest for the promotion of practical righteousness, our prayers for them should be unceasing. Less than this speedily induces indifference, a morbid tendency to lukewarmness and ultimately to a state of inaction and death. Mount Lebanon, during the ministration of Father Joseph Meacham and Mother Lucy Wright, received the inspiration of the Parent Society, the head of the church, and still occupies that sacred relation in all 'the beauty of holiness.' Through the parental love which overshadows so many kindred communities, unbounded spiritual blessings have been most liberally diffused. This has been through the ministration of beautiful songs, through the exhortation of the word of God and through the willing sacrifice of time and strength, day and night, and no less through the heat of summer and the severity of winter. Our order has been liberally blessed with able ministers, whose souls have been filled with an unflinching zeal for God and the good of humanity. The first Elders have left a record for their children to emulate, over which we may renew our promises of loyalty, and stimulate our zeal to do and dare in the cause of righteousness and peace. They gave their lives to God. To be able to do His will and establish, in the hearts of men, a growing interest in chastity of the body and a Christ-like purity of spirit, was the life element that gave them courage to work for God. In this consecrated spirit our Communities came into existence, and so far as it has been made the stepping stone to more advanced truths, they have enjoyed a wonderful prosperity for a long series of years, and shared in the bountiful blessings of peace. In connection with this we love to include the inspired words of the prophet, as he encouraged his people to remain faithful. 'Behold, the Lord's hand is not shortened, that it cannot save ; neither his ear heavy, that it cannot hear.' The same consecration to-day, the same soul baptism in prayer, and the same determined resolution to crucify the world will, without doubt, bring the same corresponding results for God and for his people. While we with pleasure bear this united testimony in remembrance, knowing that our reward of blessing comes in direct ratio to the blessing that we extend to those around us, we will contend earnestly for the faith, that we may rejoice in our salvation. When we say, God bless Mount Lebanon, we are at the same time asking a blessing which will rest upon our several Communities and make us all partakers in the one beautiful gift. It is, certainly, commendable that we ask the protection of divine Providence on that which stands, so distinctly, before and above us. It is the cementing bond of our gospel union, and that union which will shield us from all harm in the day of adversity. Through this the whole household of faith may be blest, and have the pleasant satisfaction of reaping a glorious reward which the world can neither give nor take away. We also have the strength of God's promise which he gave to those who should abide in his law. 'No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper, and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment, thou shalt condemn, for this is the heritage of the servants of God, and their righteousness is of me, saith the Lord. '