HISTORY OF THE CHURCH OF MT. LEBANON, N. Y. NO. 6. In the summer of 1838, many of these singular exercises took place during the hours of manual labor. Persons would be seen bowing, shaking, or making gesticulations whether in the presence of the Believers or of those not members of the Community. After an exhibition of a few months, this strange proceeding passed away. Another class of extraordinary manifestations of the spirit was in the receiving of a great variety of spiritual presents, as paper, pens, books, flowers, fruits, boxes, baskets, &amp;c, &amp;c. Implements of hand labor, and even weapons of war were often brought to our notice. The object of all this seemed to be for the purpose of attracting the attention to something pleasant or useful, and at the same time draw the mind toward that which is spiritual. It was very much after the same manner that Mother Ann worked while performing her mission on the earth. She would first awaken conviction in the mind, in order to be able to plant the seed of gospel truth, and to lead souls from wrong to right. Near the close of the year Father Joseph Meacham and other spirits visited the Society and were very earnest to lend their assistance in the renewing of gospel order, and a better understanding of the life of a follower of Christ. The great number of new and beautiful songs that were received through spirit influence was quite remarkable. Visionists and impressive mediums would speak of the presence of the prophets, the apostles and others. Many of our own dear friends gave unmistakable evidence that they were with us. So many and so varied were these gifts, and withal so interesting, that we were often kept beyond the usual hour for meeting. This year of 1838 was the most remarkable that had occurred in the history of the Community, of which but little can be known, except by those who were interested participators in it. The new year opened with a continued manifestation of new songs and with many spiritual gifts as in &gt; the/ previous season. In the month of April we received word that the ministering spirits would soon close their work and return to their own home. Their visits would then be less frequent and the special work for which they were sent be accomplished. The year 1839, however, was a year of spirit ministration, and abounded in all the various phases that had been received at au earlier date, and were communicated in a very pleasant and attractive manner. Even the service for the burial of the dead was made more acceptable, by adopting a less melancholy air, and by permitting the 'Instruments' to take part by singing or speaking. We could not avoid participating with the mourners, in the loss of a dear friend, but Believers were not called to mourn as those who mourned without hope. The year 1840 opened with new spirit manifestations. While they ma\ have been abundant and instructive, they were, at the same time, more impressive as they dwelt more essentially upon the responsibilities of life. The messages that were delivered dwelt largely on the necessity of becoming pure in heart, aud living in the light which God gives to his people. It was 'to use the things of this world as not abusing them.'' To lay aside that which was superfluous, and seek more fully the kingdom of God. Those who had been Ministers and Elders to the people in the establishing of the gospel work, were still as earnestly engaged for our prosperity and spiritual happiness. Fathers Wm. Lee, James Whittaker, and Joseph Meacham were known through their communications, which for the work of God, gave no uncertain sound. In the year 1841 the subject of food and drink received much attention, and the use of swine's flesh was wholly rejected. At the same time it was thought best to discontinue the se of all alc&gt;&gt;holic drinks, including cidtr. For so large a family, however, but very little had been used, except for medicines for nearly twenty years. Foreign tea aud coffee were also discontinued, agreeably to the advice of the spirit messages. Near the close of the year these special ministrations became less frequent, and the order of the spiritual work passed into another form, quite as peculiar as any that had preceded it. A company of some twelve or more persons were selected by direction of the spirit messengers, as speakers and singers, who were to pass through all our dwellings, and indeed through all of our buildings, and manifest by testimony or through the ministration of hymns and songs, the gift by which they might be impressed. This work was attended with much spirit power, aud resulted in accomplishing all that might have been anticipated in awakening souls to more spirituality, and in stimulating them to take better care of all their temporal possessions. The whole Community shared in the blessings that followed the labors of this devoted company as they visited every family aud spent many days wholly absorbed in this special manifestation. This work closed on the 19th. of Dec, 1841, at which time several farewell addresses were made by the spirit guides. On Dec. 24th. the Believers were requested to close all manual labor at 12 M. and spend the remainder of the day in meditation. Christmas, as usual was kept like the Sabbath. Another form of spirit manifestation was now opened and a company of 'Instruments' or mediums and singers were appointed to this heavenly charge. While the former work was one of violent agitations, and powerful testimonies, this came as a still, small voice, a beautiful representation of the work of Divine Wisdom. A visit of only a few moments was given to the Brethren and Sisters as this company passed silently through the several dwellings. On the Sabbath, the leading spirit made an address which was one of blessing and love. In 1841 the manifestations increased in frequency, and a large number of messages were written, having special reference to a life consecrated to God The birthday of Mother Ann Lee, which occurred on the 1st. of March, was kept in loving remembrance of one who had given her life to Grod, for the protection and happiness of her children. The manifestation of Holy Wisdom was opened by a short address, and by words of blessing or warning to each one. To meet these requirements, a special season was devoted to prayer, and a partial fasting for several days. It was, indeed, a work of preparation, for the acceptance of the gift of Wisdom. Our history has thus far been confined mostly to those gifts which have occurred during the hours of worship. At an earlier date, it was quite different. The people were full of faith, and zeal and they combined their temporal and spiritual gifts so thoroughly, that meetings could be held at any hour of the day, and religious services would be in operation in one part of the house while manual labor would be going on in another. Some would pass into visions while engaged in their daily duties, while others would be exhorting or singing. As the church advanced in order and government the temporal and spiritual interests were kept more separate, so that for many years very little attention was given to any manifestations except those that took place in time of worship. When the great outpouring of the spirit took place in 1837, we then found that much time must be consumed, and at all hours of the day, as the singing of new songs, the passing into visions, and the writing of messages, demanded the attention of the Elders and frequeatly of some of the Brethren and Sisters, as witnesses of this new work. The close of the year 1841 was remarkable for seasons of worship, in which were manifested such deep humiliation and prayer. Hours and hours were spent in meditation, as being preparatory to the reception of the many beautiful gifts that in the future as in the past would be poured out upon all faithful souls. The seasons of religious service were very solemn, and frequently extended beyond their usual time. All who were active workers in this manifestation, devoted many hours to fasting and prayer. Arising at a very early hour in the morning, they sometimes met for prayer service before the hour of breakfast. At this time and at the subsequent meals, they abstained from all animal food, and partook sparingly of bread and water. The day was filled with diverse gifts of the spirit, and these extended into a late hour of the night. The year closed with this memorable record of the work ' of the spirits which had been to us one of astonishment as well as of great joy. (TO BE CONTINUED.)