Editorial 1890 With the present number of the Manifesto we are privileged to enter upon a new volume. It is with surprising rapidity that the last twelve months have whirled forever from our sight, and the morning of a new year has so pleasantly dawned upon us. To keep pace with life, means life, as its revelations in the natural and spiritual world are ever forcing themselves upon us for recognition. Those who through ignorance or carelessness permit these revelations to pass unnoticed, must as a result consequent on such a course, be left in the rear, or in the dark. The Manifesto professes to abide in the light of life and to teach,— that to the increase and government of Christ's Kingdom there can be no end. Our writers and readers must not lose sight of this very essential point, upon which depends so much of our temporal and spiritual success. This we imperatively need, and indeed must have from day to day and then it must be of such a character that all who know us may be assured of the fact, that our religious life leads us into one of practical righteousness. This is the life work of the church of Christ upon the earth. To all the dear friends who have kept us company in the past, we extend a cordial invitation to remain with us on the journey through another, year. To those who have contributed to the columns of our little paper, we feel much indebted and anxiously hope that their interest and zeal may never grow less. As the gospel work increases in light and as greater confidence becomes established in the mind, we shall grow more and more, into the inspirational life that comes from God, out of heaven, and be better able to present the same to our many interested readers. We know quite well that the circulation of our little paper is not so extended as we might wish, and when contrasted with the tens of thousands of papers that are flooding the land, it can be, only, as was the drop of water in the bucket. Although JANUARY, THE MANIFESTO. 17 so small and trifling we trust that its influence for good may be fully appreciated, as the one drop of water, under some circumstances may be of great value. We console ourselves, however, that our little paper, in its advocacy of a good and virtuous cause may be of pre-eminent worth to many of its readers. To know that we are doing the best we can under the circumstances, is far better than to accept a careless and luke-warm spirit, which neither anticipates nor works out any system of discipline for the benefit of man. Our order came into existence through deep and earnest prayer, through the practice of daily selfdenial and through faithfulness in every temporal and spiritual duly. Its prosperity depends upon the maintenance of the same care and faithfulness and in the efforts which may be made for its perpetuity and increase. All this must be accomplished in the simplicity which is characteristic of the testimony of Jesus, in his lessons of gospel love. 'Except ye be converted and be- come as little children, ye cannot enter into the kingdom of heaven.' That is, confiding, easy to be entreated, and with love one for another. These lessons are to be repeated from month to month and from year to year, so long as unrighteousness is known or a circle of selfishness remains among men. In this we have the fellowship of the prophet who in his sacred mission had learned that to establish an interest in the things of God, it must be line upon line and precept upon precept. It is highly important at the opening of a new year that a careful review should be taken of the past, and everything done that is consistent to make the present and future more creditable to ourselves, to our Community and more to the glory of our God. Important lessons should have been learned by the things that we have suffered or experienced, that a more clearly defined chart may be executed for the safe conduct of every pilgrim that takes upon himself the cross of Christ. If our social and secular home up- on the earth is to be the representation of a home in the 'new earth wherein dwelleth righteousness and peace,' and the light and love of our religious fraternity is to be as are the 'new heavens,' conformable to the will of God, and where holiness or consecration shall be written upon the heart, and upon every article that has been received into this new kingdom of God, then the incoming year may be to us as the valued field in which was found the precious pearl, or as the life of Christ in which is hidden the beautiful treasures of wisdom and knowledge. Treasures which God will award to those who diligently seek Him, and over which the world can have no control. 1-8 THE MANIFESTO. Articles published in the Manifesto must be referred to the authors for any explanation that may be required. New views and good views may be both pleasant and profitable. Theological notions are of far less value than religion or practical righteousness, and in order to be saved from the sins of the world one must live a life consecrated to God and to his people. Through the kindness of a friend we are able to distribute several copies of the Manifesto, gratuitously. Any person, not able to pay the subscription price, can have the paper sent to them fkee by forwarding to us their address on a postal. Please write the articles that are intended for publication on sheets of NOTE SIZE, 5x8 inches, and much oblige the printers of the Manifesto. Our Post Office address has been changed to East Canterbury, Mer. Co., N. H. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Henry C. Bum, Dear Brother :— After two years among Believers, I have come to the conclusion that Mother Ann Lee is all that she claimed to be. I believe that she saw into the future. I believe there is an element among Believers that will carry them on to victory, down through the ages. Charles Carter