ASSOCIATION Elizabeth A. Sears I think all who have arrived at the age of maturity, hnve realized the power and influence which our association with others has upou us. Not that we are always sure to imbibe the opinions or ideas of those with whom we converse, but let those whom we love, and delight to associate with, advocate that which our natural inclinations would lead us to desire, how soon we see the silent workings of their persuasion bearing upou our feelings, and leading us little by little, to embrace the same, or similar sentiments. We read that, 'As it is natural for sparks to fly upward, or water to run downward, so the heart of man is per- verse, and inclineth to evil.' Therefore I consider it much easier to lead the minds of others to seek ease and vain pleasure, than to inspire them with fortitude to pursue the rugged path of virtue and self-denial, which is unavoidably attended with crosses and trials. Then if we wish to do the greatest amount of good, and leave an example worthy of imitation, we should have our conversation of that high and elevated character, which will inspire all around us with respect and confidence for those noble principles which we are endeavoring to vindicate, both by word and work, in our daily lives. In conversing with different individuals, what a contrast we sometimes observe, in the effect produced upon our feelings and emotions. When we associate with the refined and educated, who are adorned with true Christian grace, and stern integrity cf purpose, we admin: their cultivated bearing, aud seem to be fascinated by their goodness and magnanimity ; we long to dwell ever in the sunshine of such brightness, and drink forever from tie celestial springs of pure unalloyed enjoyment, produced by the communion of kindred souls, and the expansion of mind into all that is lovely, pure and divine. But if, on the contrary, circumstances oblige us to associate with the ignorant, selfish and unregenerate, we are disinterested and dissatisfied, perhaps despondent ; for we feel that our better feelings are not appreciated, aud we can derive no satisfaction from such communion. Again we meet with those who, with flattering smiles and winning words, insinuate that they possess unbounded love and friendship for us, while their hearts are busy to deceive and captivate the unguarded mind, by light and trifling conversation, implying by jesting remarks, that they do not believe in so much gravity, and sober reflection as many others do. Thus it seems necessary in all cases to be guided and governed by an enlightened conscience, being ever watchful and careful that no false allurement may so absorb our love and interest, as to turn us aside from the high path of duty and safety. Considering the many advantages derived from good society, and the injurious effects produced by the opposite, let us choose our associates from the ranks of the pure and good, thus improving our own condition and endeavoring to benefit others by our efforts to enliven the hours of social con- versation, with a cheerful, loving spirit. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.