NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Nov. 1889 Beloved Elder Abraham :—I have been engaged with three hands to assist, in trimming one thousand apple trees. Quite a job you will say. I got pretty tired so that I did not walk or write very straight. We have one orchard of five hundred trees, and one of fifty trees finished. I have come to the conclusion after fifty years experience in trimming trees, that the best time is as soon as the tree has been harvested of its fi-uit. Then the whole system of roots is set to work to prepare buds for the next year's crop. No time nor energy is wasted and the wounds will heal with nothing put on them, better than at any other season. I can show when trimming has been done at different times, and the wounds show for themselves. They vary from a nice, clean wound, healing kindly, to a black, poisonous wound and the black running down the limb, unsightly. Of course the state of the tree has its effect, whether it be stagnant or thrifty. F. W. E. Watervliet, N. Y. Our business in the manufacture of shirts, promises to be a success. We trust that our expenses this winter will not be so large as at a former date. It is a pleasant employ- ment, and the Sisters, generally, enjoy the order of work. Enfield, Conn. We are hastening to get ready for winter, by banking and closing our buildings. Cold weather may overtake us before quite prepared, though at present it is moderate. The water from the drinking-trough into the horse barn has rotted the sill, and in conse- quence, a new sill has been put in which involved refitting the whole side of the barn. Grain is threshed, and a good yield. Corn is excellent and all husked ; the fodder will be in the barn the coming week. Boot crops are all harvested. More than twenty acres of land are being fitted for sowing down just before the ground freezes; this method insures a good catch, although weeds often THE MANIFESTO. 19 come in the first season : a liberal amount of large red clover seed will be sowed on the same land on the last snow of next March. We could use two weeks of open weather yet to finish our fall work. Many improvements could be made were tirce and opportunity available. M. Witham