EVENING MEDITATIONS Oliver C. Hampton It is not in Heaven that tlwu shonldst say '' Who shall go up for us to Heaven and bring it unto us that we may hear it and do it?' Neither is it beyond the sea that thou shouldst say 'Who shall go over the sea for us and bring it unto us that ice may hear it and do it?' 'But the word is very nigh thee in thy mouth and in thy heart.' Deut. xxx., 12,13,14. Neither shall ye say, Lo here, or Lo there, for behold the Kingdom of God is within you. Luke, xvii., 21. For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink but righteousness and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. Romans, xiv., 17. There is a place in spirits all, Where discontentment never strays, Where blight and mildew never fall, Nor lurid lightningever plays. Where sad forebodings never brood, Where fear and sorrow never strayed, Where all negations of the good, Are sent to their infernal shade. There death and sickness are no more. There only health ;ind peace abound, There consolation opes her door And strews contentment all around. 0 where? that bright and rosy land, 1 seek so oft when griefs beset; WThich all the powers at my command, But dimly have discovered yet. Yet something says it is in me, That Kingdom of Eternal bliss, Where cloudless comfort I may see, Not more in worlds above than this. This Beulah—bright sequestered land. I'd give all gold of Earth to find, And build no more ujjon the sand By dead negations undermined. And yet my Ego is the realm, Where I must find this glorious land; Where God Himself sits at the helm, And moves my fate at his command. At-one-ment is the magic Word Which was with God and which was God; Which dwells in flesh as Christ the Lord, Who made and moves Creation broad. Inmost Divine of all we are; Is both his kingdom and his throne The silent halcyon region where I and my Father dear are one. Free from all fear—disease—despair, Would I in perfect safety dwell, No more the agonies to share, Of Nature's rudimental Hell. I must within—yield all to Christ, Who dwelleth in my inmost now, Where his creative word is voic'd And to that word in silence bow. In peaceful silence listen long Say inwardly 'Thy will be done;' Then shortly I will sing the song Of endless peace and rest begun. But tho' Intelligence may see And recognize this Heaven sublime; Yet this alone can never free My spirit from the throes of time. Sweet Love and Wisdom must combine, That Heaven within to realize; Self-abnegation must refine, And peace to friend and foe must rise. And sacrifice of self each hour, And sympathy for suff'rings all; On friend and foe with grace and pow'r, The peace and love of Christ must fall. Then shall all pain and sorrow cease, Then shall my darkness turn to day; That inmost realm of boundless peace Shall be my health and rest for aye. 0 word of everlasting Love And Wisdom,—wake within me now; At-one-ment with my God above, To reach, in mercy teach me how. To find that pearly gate of bliss, All earthly good I now lay down. Nor wait for other worlds than this, To gain that one immortal crown. Union Village, 0.