SEVEN TRAVAILS OF THE SHAKER CHURCH Daniel Offord 'I love the faith of the Gospel, The gift of free salvation; It will redeem the fallen race From sin and condemnation. Then hold ye fast the living faith, 'Tis not of man's invention: It is from God, who reigns above, And claims our whole attention.' Jesus and Mother Ann Lee were the most perfect examples of the Christian faith, and the most perfect witnesses of what the spirit of Christ could and would do with fallen humanity. The system of government in operation when they were on the earth, was very far behind what it is in our time ; and as the governments of earth progress, it opens the way, through the gift of divine revelation, for the Christian system to be perfected. But the spiritual lives of Jesus and Mother will never be excelled. There seems to be, in the minds of some, at least, great objections against referring to or speaking of land reform, dietetics, hygiene, or any other reform, as though, these things had nothing to do with Christianity in its 5 THE MANIFESTO. highest manifestation. And objections to any physical demonstration, operating through the human body, like shaking or dancing, or any violence of spirit in our meetings, because it is not the worship of God. Jesus and Mother have been the examples for souls to follow ; and, thank God, we have living witnesses, in our own day and time, that are living out, through the gift of divine revelation, a far more perfect system of Christianity than it was possible for Jesus or Mother to live out; still we have not attained perfection. But our hopes are strong that, through an increased revelation, greater good will yet be obtained. Father James said, 'The Gospel is perfect; as straight as straightness and as pure as the heavens.' Father Joseph said the church would pass through seven travails or cycles. We are only in the first travail—if haply we are there ; and if we are, we shall be found hating the flesh, vehemently. That was the testimony of our blessed Mother; and no soul can enter the second travail or cycle, till they have passed through the first. Every soul must be baptized with the testimony of Mother, to hate the flesh before they will find a successful travail into the second, third, or seventh cycle or travail. I look upon Jesus and Mother as the greatest reformers that have ever blessed the earth ; not reformers after the sense and spirit of the world, but according to the will of God. Why? Because, in their practical lives, there was more divinity ; and under the in- spiration of the Holy Spirit, they began by reforming themselves ; in other words, they practiced what they preached. Jesus was a Shaker; a land reformer of the highest type ; the greatest hygienist that has ever walked the earth; and he said his disciples would do greater works than he did, oi1 could do, in land reform and hygiene. They would more fully crystallize or materialize the abstract truths which he uttered ; bring them down to practical every-day life. Of what use is the revelation of truth, unless it enters the life of humanity? Jesus said that the foxes had holes, and the birds of the air had nests ; (Where ? Why, on the land;) but the Son of Man, under the unjust system where he was obliged to live, had no place to lay his head. No rights in the land, had he, that the government was bound to respect. What was his prophecy and promise to those who would follow him? That for all they 'forsook of father, and mother, and sisters, and brothers, and houses, and lands, they should receive an hundred-fold of fathers, mothers, sisters, brothers, houses and lands.' Was not that land reform ? And is not the system under which people are living to-day well nigh as bad as it was when Jesus lived on the earth ; and especially in those countries whose governments are called Christian. We, whose privilege it is to live under the infidel government of the United States, enjoy better things than they. But let this government get into the hands of the so-called Christians, and the liberties we now enjoy will soon disappear, and everybody will be compelled into the narrow limits of their creed, and 6 THE MANIFESTO. circumscribed by their very unchristian practices. In these so-called Christian countries, nine-tenths of all the people (just as much the children of God as the other one-tenth) occupy the same position as regards the hind as did our Savior. They have no place to lay their heads, and no rights on the earth that this Christian system is bound to respect. The same principles are at work right here, in free America. Land monopoly in America, is exceeding that of Europe ; single individuals well nigh oaviiing whole townships, and everybody that settles on their domain is more or less at their mercy. And by the enactment of the Christian Sabbath laws, and the most anti-Christian doctorlaws, are the liberties of the people being more and more curtailed. And when the Christian God gets into the constitution of the United States, we can bid farewell to Liberty : her lamp hung out to enlighten the world, will be darkened by the powers of AntiChrist, falsely called Christian; and then it will be possible for Mother's prophecy to be fulfilled, and the powers of darkness to take another sip of the blood of the saints. Is there no religion in warring against these powers of darkness ? 'For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.' 'Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this : to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world.' Visit them to reconcile them to their afflictions ? to tell them to endure them with Christian patience ; for God, their loving Father, has brought those afflictions to bear upon them to prepare them for the mansions of glory in the unknown future, and in some ur.kr.own place? Did Jesus do so? He did teach them that, if they died in their sins, whither he went, thither they could not come. And most certainly did he keep himself unspotted from the world, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye, and the pride of life. These are the fundamental principles of the world; and to bear a faithful cross against these, and to minister justice, in love, is true religion, and the most acceptable worship. There is no place on all God's earth, where a Shaker family can exist in perfect safety, except under the infidel government of the United States. And there liberty will not be made certain, except by eternal vigilance ; by constant warfare against the powers of oppression. The Gospel, in its purity, will not be maintained in souls upon this earth, except by eternal warfare against the powers of darkness in battles of shaking. Jesus went about doing good ; healing the sick, cleansing the lepers, and casting out devils ; and after healing them, he told them to 'go and sin no more;' showing plainly that their sickness, was the result of sin, sin being the violation of law. Was Jesus not a hygienist, then, when he revealed to people the cause of their sickness, removed it, and instructed them what to do to keep their health ? That, to me, was practical religion, that the common people could under7 THE MANIFESTO. stand; though practiced on the Sabbath and in the temple. There were those who watched Jesus, and made (to themselves) very weighty objections to his healing on their Sabbath. It is my faith that the spiritual power manifested by Jesus upon the bodies of the people, will be manifested in far greater perfection in the Church of Christ of the latter day ; because it will work with the rational understanding ; in union with hygiene, the science of health. Thus, 'religion and science as one shall agree.' It has often been said, in this house, that Jesus was a Shaker. He commanded his disciples to shake ; and would he tell his followers to do what he had not done? I glory in the name, and mean ever to walk worthy of it; and if we, as a people, lose the gift of shaking, we will lose the power of God that saves from sin ; and the god of this world, generative lust, will reign, in his pride, to the utter destruction of our spiritual life. In my experience, I have seen those standing in the assembly of the saints, those who had never confessed their sins, talk of love ; love to God, love to Christ, love to his people ; that had no testimony against the flesh; and had it not in their hearts, but were bold to express with their tongues, to those whom they thought they could allure, to introduce generation into the Shaker Church, and among the saints of God, the virgin followers of the Lamb. Is it not 'the abomination of desolation ?'—the man of sin in the temple of God? And shall we all be dumb dogs that cannot bark, much less, bite? Nay, never. Let the testimony roll, as thunder from Mount Zion, and let the lightnings play, and the battles of shaking be renewed; that every heart may be inspired with Mother's gift to hate the flesh vehemently. There are no expressions in the English language that are adequate to express the indignation of the holy spirit against the body-degrading, the soul-defiling, and the humanity-sinking element of fleshly lust. May God be revealed among us, as a consuming fire, to burn up the vile, filthy elements of the world ! They cannot be reasoned with, any more than you can reason with a slimy serpent; nothing but the sword of the spirit and the holy fire of God will ever set the soul free from the bondage of the flesh. 'Think not,' said Jesus, 'that I come to bring peace on earth'—to the generative life, with all its relationships ; 'I come not to send peace, but a sword. For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother; and a man's foes shall be they of his own household.' All the generative relation. 'If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren and sisters ; yea, and his own' (generative) 'life also ; he cannot be my disciple.' Could anything be plainer, or the line of demarkation clearer, than is the testimony of Jesus? Nothing but the testimony of our blessed Mother Ann; which is more powerful, inasmuch as it enables men and women, on this earth, to live together, as brethren and sisters, in perfect purity, in a spiritual Community. Who, after having fought the battles of the 8 THE MANIFESTO. 9 Lord, and gained the victory, are blessed with the peace of God; that peace and love, which the world cannot give, neither can it take away. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.