GOVERNMENT OF THE TONGUE Emma B. King A beautiful text to illustrate the necessity of governing the tongue is found in the 34th. Psalm, 13. 'Keep thy tongue from evil and thy lips from speaking guile.' St. James describes the tongue as 'an unruly evil, full of deadly poison.' Blest as we are with the gift of language, it is quite necessary that we have a restriction over the words that fall from the lips. One sentence spoken, opens the avenue to many thoughts in regard to the character of the speaker. The tongue has the power to utter sentiments of love, purity and kindness which may fall like healing balm upon some suffering soul or it has the power to utter words of sarcasm, *slander and hatred which may pain the soul of the hearer. Such words sting, O, so bitterly. How essential, that we cultivate the tongue to speak only good words. We further read in the Epistle of James, 'If any man offend not in word the same is a perfect man, and able also to bridle the whole body.' The idea which this text con- veys is that the tongue is the most difficult member of the body to control, and whoever can do this can govern all the other members as well as all the faculties of the mind. An incident is related of Pambos, an illiterate saint which shows what a lesson it is to govern the tongue. Being unable to read he went to some one to learn a Psalm. Hav THE MANIFESTO. 21 ing learned the verse, 'I will take heed to my ways lest I sin with my tongue.' He immediately went away, saying, it is enough if it is practically gained. When asked many years after, why he did not go and learn another verse, he answered, 'I have never been fully abJe to master this one.' He had proved that 'the tor.gue is a fire, a world of iniquity.' How many heartaches have been caused by evil speaking, and how much good the tongue has done. The beautiful expressions and the inexhaustible amount of benefit which has been wrought by the tongue could never be written or spoken. We cannot cast all the reproach uron the tongue for the mind controls it, and 'He that ruleth his own spirit is greater than he that taketh a city.' 'Doth a fountain send forth at the same, place sweet water and bitter?' If the fountain is kept pure, all the streams will be like unto it. Canterbury, N. H.