West Gloucester, Nov. 1889 Editor of the Manifesto. Kind Elder :—We send you many thanks for taking us along with you on that delightful journey. We can go again and again as often as we read the graphic account from your diary in the Nov., Manifesto. .How kind you were to let us hear from those good Brethren and Sisters whom you visited, that we love so well. The Nov., Manifesto is very in- teresting to us. The music ''Beautiful Shore' awakens memories of loved ones who have gone on before, and are now enjoying the grandeur and beauty of that heavenly home, while our homes here are so vividly described that we cannot but feel how good it is to be joined to all that is so lovely, pure and true. And now I must own that the little lesson for ihe Bible Class is what lias drawn me out to write you this letter. It will be very interesting to read the answers to the questions and I hope a goodly number of pupils will respond, and by so doing be a credit and honor to their kind teachers. It seems to me good Elder Henry, while reading over these questions, that, I would like to give you my ideas in regard to them although they may diverge greatly from the opinions of others. 1st Ans.—The two verses of Psalms, used as a prayer that to me are the sweetest and strongest are the 10th and Llth verses of the 84th Psalm. ' For a day in Thy courts is better than a thousand, &amp;c.' 2nd.—Is there a more noble act of self-sacrifice recorded in the Old Testa- ment than that made by Jephthah's THE MANIFESTO. 11 daughter, when she yielded herself so willingly, that her father might keep the rash vow he had made unto the Lord ? 3rd.—-As the opinion of an individual, I would say that the grandest character in the Old Testament is the Prophet Daniel. The purity of his life wa&gt; very nearly like that of Jesus. He lived the augel, virgin life, approaching divinity. It seems that Joseph and Job were spotless characters, but they were upon the plane of nature. 4th.—The Book of Daniel, is to me the most interesting book of the Old Testament, notwithstanding Robert Elsmere tells us it is a fraud. In the last chapter is the sweetest prophecy of all,— 'Blessed is he that waiteth, and cometh to the thousand, three hundred and five, and thirty days.' Has that time come? and is Daniel now standing in his lot, at the end of the days ? 5th.—Matt. 11th chapter, commencing at the 28th verse. 'Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest,' and so on. 'And ye shall find rest unto your souls,' with the conditions. What promise could be more comforting to the weary ? 6th.—Proverbs 13th chapter, 6th and 7th verses, are two very wise Proverbs. 7th.—The 45th Psalm is most joyous. 'My heart is inditing a good matter &amp;c.' In New Gloucester we have had an abundant crop of winter apples, very fair and free from defects. Many of these have been sold at a good price, but enough are stored, with other fruits and vegetables for future use. Thus we are prepared to enter the cold season, happy in the anticipation of all temporal needs supplied, while the loving companionship of good Brethren and Sisters crowns the whole with joy unspeakable. Home comforts are not the least ot the many blessings bestowed upon us by our Heavenly Father and Mother. Yours in love to our gospel relation everywhere. Aurelia G. Mace