NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Nov. 1889 Beloved Elder Abraham :—I have been engaged with three hands to assist, in trimming one thousand apple trees. Quite a job you will say. I got pretty tired so that I did not walk or write very straight. We have one orchard of five hundred trees, and one of fifty trees finished. I have come to the conclusion after fifty years experience in trimming trees, that the best time is as soon as the tree has been harvested of its fi-uit. Then the whole system of roots is set to work to prepare buds for the next year's crop. No time nor energy is wasted and the wounds will heal with nothing put on them, better than at any other season. I can show when trimming has been done at different times, and the wounds show for themselves. They vary from a nice, clean wound, healing kindly, to a black, poisonous wound and the black running down the limb, unsightly. Of course the state of the tree has its effect, whether it be stagnant or thrifty. F. W. E. Watervliet, N. Y. Our business in the manufacture of shirts, promises to be a success. We trust that our expenses this winter will not be so large as at a former date. It is a pleasant employ- ment, and the Sisters, generally, enjoy the order of work. Enfield, Conn. We are hastening to get ready for winter, by banking and closing our buildings. Cold weather may overtake us before quite prepared, though at present it is moderate. The water from the drinking-trough into the horse barn has rotted the sill, and in conse- quence, a new sill has been put in which involved refitting the whole side of the barn. Grain is threshed, and a good yield. Corn is excellent and all husked ; the fodder will be in the barn the coming week. Boot crops are all harvested. More than twenty acres of land are being fitted for sowing down just before the ground freezes; this method insures a good catch, although weeds often THE MANIFESTO. 19 come in the first season : a liberal amount of large red clover seed will be sowed on the same land on the last snow of next March. We could use two weeks of open weather yet to finish our fall work. Many improvements could be made were tirce and opportunity available. M. Witham Enfield, Connecticut We do not need to go to Egypt to buy corn. Our Cooley Creamer, with submerged cans is a success. Sixtj'-five hundred pounds of butter were made the past year. It is the amount of butter which a herd of cows produces in a year that determines their value, not what they have done in a week or a month. Corn alone, in any of its forms, is not a fit, exclusive food for cows. It is too heating, and lacks in milk-making material, which should be supplied in the form of wheat, bran, shorts, screenings or the like. When hens are exposed to cold storms, rovp is apt to put in an appearance suddenly. To prevent this, close the doors and ventilators, as a sufficient amount o.f cold air will enter from other sources to afford a supply for the fowls. Belmont and May King strawberry plants are large and vigorous, and give promise of plenty of fruit next season. Young currant bushes are looking well. Plenty of potash is needed by most fruits. Fall manuring is good for all small fruits. D. Orcutt Harvard, Mass. We visited the building where the herbs are pressed. They dry and put up in tasteful papers and boxes, a great variety #&gt;r the Boston Market.—From the Visitors of last Summer. Elder Elijah Myrick has been dangerously sick with neuralgia oi the heart. Canterbury, N. H. Dec. 15. We find, very much to our pleasure, that several of the Brethren have been engaged in trimming and otherwise caring for the fruit trees, and from this we shall anticipate a more bountiful harvest for the incoming year. This season we have harvested about a thousand bushf Is of apples, and eight hundred bushels are secured for use during the winter. Having so valuable an article for food, and so easy of cul- tivation, it would seem that more direct care should be given to its cultivation. To this harvest we would also add the amount of some one hundred bushels of pears. Our farmers brought in seven hundred bushels of nice potatoes. The past season some 350 tons of hay were stored away in the barns. The Post Office address of this place having been changed, it is now ; East Canterbury, Mer. Co., N. H. Enfield, N. H. The Sisters are busy, as usual, making custom shirts for Hewins &amp; Hollis of Boston. They have their work rooms in the fourth story of the large Stone Dwelling. From this height they have n, very picturesque view of the surrounding scenery. The garments, are made mostly by hand-sewing, although they have several Wheeler &amp; Wilson ma- chines which may be used as occasion requires. The Sisters average about six dozen shirts per month. Another company are employed in the manufacture of 'Sweaters,' (a heavy knit shirt,) and of late have been quite busy