Topolobampo Bay, Sinaloa, Mex., Sept. 15, 1889 G. B. Avery, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Dear Friend :—I received the Manifesto for April, May, June and August with many thanks. I am very glad to hear from 'you at all times, but 4 THE MANIFESTO. cannot make arrangements to join you at present, as I had fondly hoped to do. My wife is not favorable to my doing so at present. She thinks that as we put all our possessions into the C. F. of S. we ought to remain here, so that if we succeed in realizing our former hopes, we may be as happy here as elsewhere, especially as the climate is very salubrious. And unless we do succeed we shall have no means to take us away. I wish to keep up my correspondence with you. I am begiuning to feel quite at home with the writers of the Manifesto and turn first to this Sister and then to that Brother as though we were old acquaintances. There is no doubt a fellow-feeling between us of true Christian sympathy, although I may be regarded by your people as living upon the lower floor, as Brother Eads would say until I renounce my former faith and mode of life, and adopt the Shaker plan. In my case there were two in the compact, and each pledged our troth ; it is only fair my wife should have her choice, being regarded as the weaker because three years the older. And there would be no virtue in the act of sui'render on our part, as we could lay no claim to the 'Virgin life,' or the upper floor, by our giving the remnant of our worthless lives, after sowing to the flesh and then to go cringing before God and ask him to accept the dregs of our inability to sow to the flesh any longer. It seems too much to expect, our being enrolled among the one hundred and forty-four thousand virgins ; after a life of sensual gratification. Where does the self-denial come in, looking at it from your stand-point, Bro. Avery? Please accept my best wishes for your prosperity, both in numbers and virtue. May all be happy in your temporal and spiritual relationships, and may peace attend your efforts to honor our common Lord shall be my earnest prayer. I will put your Manifesto in our rending room and so spread the light. Write me at your leisure. I am yours, fraternally. Thomas Young