Juvenile Enfield, Conn , 1889. Dear Children :—Golden opportunities are often not valued until they are gone. Hov* many and varied are your opportunities. Opportunities for spiritual improvement meet you on every hand. Lose none of them, but be on the watch to appropria e whatever will tend to your heavenward advancement. But opportunities are not afforded you fur self-improvement only. The occasions when the helping hand may be extended or the kind word in season spoken, how often they come to you. How much good you can do by trying to improve every opportunity, whethdfr great or small. There are d*ily opportunities of doing good or ill, of giving pleasure or pain to others; of lightening the cares and trials of those around you by little kindnesses, or making yourselves unhappy by an opposite course. If selfishness rules your hearts, you will lose the happiness you might otherwise gain, besides neglecting nmny duties. For selfish souls cannot grow and expand, nor feel the blessedness of that holy love and communion which spiritual be- ings enjoy. The love of self is misery. Your opportunities always lie before, not be- hind you, and God's promises of love and help are sure and many. The duties and 22 THE MANIFESTO. opportunities of the present are yours now. ¦ Do not be blind to them. To-day is yours— only to-day. The wasted opportunity comes not back. To-morrow is not yours, and if you lose this opportunity what assurance have you that you will have another? Opportunities well improved bring eternal gain to the spirit. Life is made of little duties, little opportunities ; all attainment is reached step by step, and the way lies 'through the sunshine and the storm.' Beware of saying 'Oh! that is such a trifle it is not worth doing,' for that is an error which has kept thousands from doing half the good they might to their fellow-creatures. It is usually safe or right to follow the promptings of the heart, when it bids you to offer a kindness or a helping hand to another, however small a matter it may be. Your Brother, Daniel Orcutt MOTHER ANN LEE Mother Ann Lee came from Manchester, England. She was the mother of all the Shaker Societies. She was a very good woman. She said to the children, 'O my little ones you should obey your teachers. On the Sabbath day you should not do any work that is not necessary. You should not play with sharp tools.' Gertna E. Curtis. 8 yrs old.