THE BELIEVERS OF INDIANA IN 1811 Louis Basting Tim Great Revival at Bnsro at the Community of Shakers. The Indian war. The Peace principles of the Believers. The kindness of Col. JBoyd. The work of Gen. Wm. II. Harrison in favor of the Shakers. The great revival which in the first decade of the present centuiy swept over the western country, extended to the extreme frontiers of the settlements. It struck in at Busro, on the Wabash river, and an energetic attempt was made to found a Community of Believers there. This revival had been plainly foretold by Mother Ann Lee ; and as soon as tidings of its occurrence reached the Believers at Mt. Lebanon, they sent a number of Brethren and Sisters to act as missionaries, leaders and organizers to the regions of its activity. Issachar Bates, Archibald Meacham, and others, were allotted to the work at Busro. Upon their arrival there in the spring of 1811, they found 200 people there professing faith, and shortly afterwards 140 more came in. It was a great task to organize such a company into gospel order in the wilderness. Houses had to be built; crops had 12 THE MANIFESTO. to be raised. In this latter labor they were so successful that while the surrounding district almost suffered a famine, the Believers had plenty and some to sell and give away. Then were preparations made to build a saw and grist-mill, and, writes Elder Issachar, 'all things went on in a measure of peace and order, though with much tribulation on our part.' Then rumors of an Indian war broke out, and the Believers were charged with being at the bottom of it. The governor called out the militia to be ready to fight the Prophet who was determined for war. The Believers received notice every week to join the militia, which, of course, they refused to do. Then the whites declared that if the Indians did not kill the Shakers they would. About the mid- dle of June a number of Indians arrived with a quantity of fanning tools, principally hoes, to have them repaired at the smith-shop ; whereupon the Believers wrote to the governor stating the case and asking for his counsel. He replied that no smith-work was to be done for them, but that they might be fed and should be treated kindly ; which orders were punctually complied with. The Indians very sorrowfully declared that they had not so much as thought of war; here, they said, are our wives and children with us; we don't go to war so. About 200 of them staid near Busro for over three weeks, singing and dancing to the Great Spirit, behaving very peaceably, and 'never took to the value of one cucumber without leave.' The governor of Indiana Territory ¦was General Win. Heniy Harrison, the grandfather of our present president; and to him President Madison had confided the control of all Indian affairs. The head chief of the tribes was Tecumseh, a very able and ambitious man. Him the governor summoned to appear at Vincennes and explain his conduct. Accordingly he appeared there with a large party of his followers, proud, defiant, but still professing peaceable intentions. So the council broke up with no good results and deep distrust on both sides ; an out-break of hostilities was expected at any moment, and the people left their farms and moved into forts and towns. While all this excitement was at its height the fever broke out among the Believers, as many as 50 being taken at one time. Elder Issachar among them, who for two weeks was unable to leave his room. The Wabash coun- try has always, even up to the present day, borne an evil reputation for malarial diseases. The soil is of very great fertility, but subject to frequent inundations; its very richness is a source of danger. To add to their troubles, while the fever-epidemic was at its worst, the Pottorvattonnies stole the mill-team one night. This team consisted of four of the best horses set apart to help in building the mill, and the Brethren were not willing to submit quietly to the loss ; nothing would satisfy them but to follow the thieves. So two of them, Abraham and James, with Capt. Robbins, a friendly world's man, set out in pursuit. They followed the marauders about ninety miles, overtook them and secured the horses without resistance and turned homewards ; then the Indians in their turn pursued THE MANIFESTO. 13 them, ran them about ten miles, and not only re-took the four stolen horses but also the three they had been riding on. About a week afterwards the poor Brethren and the captain arrived home on foot and in a doleful condition ; but the Elders rejoiced that they had returned in safety and had obeyed the counsel given them, which was, not to fight. A compensating feature of this episode was that it opened the eyes of their neighbors, as it showed that the Believers had no secret understanding with the Indians, but were as much exposed to suffer loss at their hands as anybody else. But there was much confusion ; what with sickness, the Indian difficulties, the hardships of pioneer life, and the steady accumulation of fines for nonattendance of military duty, the Elders had hard work to keep the spirit of the people up. On the 17th. of September the army began to assemble at Busro. • A company of cavalry and two of infantry were quartered right among the Believers. The commissary used the Elders' shop for a store-house, and the door-yard for a slaughter-yard. '¦Here it was, drums and fifes, blood and whiskey, alas ! alas ! Here tlr.y staid waiting for the other troops to come on ; they had their washing, baking and some lodging, and all the forage for their horses among us ; though they paid for it and behaved civil towards the Believers, yet alas ! alas !' But now, while the war-excitement and confusion was at its height, 'the kind hand of God in his providence was stretched, out a little to help us.' For five hundred regulars from New England, under Colonel Boyd, from Boston, arrived, and these people testified that they were acquainted with the Believers at the eastward and that they were good people. Col. Boyd bore a public testimony at Vincennes and elsewhere that 'the Shakers at the East were the best people on the earth.' 'This,' wrote Elder Issachar, 'blunted the edge of every weapon formed against us; Col. Boyd appeared as glad to see us as though we were his natural kin.' There was also a Col. Davis, from Kentucky, who commanded the cavalry; he being acquainted with the Believers at Pleasant Hill, was very friendly, and, because he was a lawj^er, the Brethren told him their difficulties in regard to military service and asked him for his advice. The governor had arrived on the 26th. and at 12 o'clock on that day all the drafted Brethren were ordered to report for duty. According to Col. Davis' counsel the leading Brethren called upon the governor and told him what they could and what they could not do. The governor replied that \n knew their faith and that the matter might rest till he returned from his expedition, and that he would assist them in forming a petition to the assembly for release. This being settled the Believers continued their kindness to the arnry, and the army were all very friendly, and much applauded them for their kindness. On the 28th. the army started on their march northward, leaving their sick with the Believers, and they 'had news and company a plenty every day, such as it was.' On thr&gt;th. of November 1811 the army was attacked at 4 o'clock in the 14 THE MANIFESTO. morning and tha famous battle of Tippecanoe was fought; the Indians were completely routed, the Prophet's town raid all that was in it, including 5,000 bushels of corn, was burned, and the army returned to Vincennes. Among the killed was Colonel Davis, honorably mentioned before. During all this distressing period of confusion and constant sickness, the building of the mill and other business was steadily prosecuted. We can well understand the feelings of Elder Xssachar when he writes: 'These were trying times with us and we had use for all the wisdom and patience we had ; and we labored faithfully to dis- pel the darkness and despondency among the people. My health is not very good, probably in consequence of having to travel seven miles every day to and from my work at the mill, some- times in mud and water up to my knees ; but my faith is Everlasting and I mean to keep it.' The years rolled on ; the ever present malignant fever of the Wabash at last compelled the Believers to abandon Busro and settle in Ohio and Kentucky ; General Harrison defeated the English army in Canada and brought his administration to a successful closeHe retired to Ohio and was elected a member of legislature, and when, in 1821, the Believers who were still harassed by annual fines for non-compliance with military duty, presented a petition to be permitted that instead of drilling three days in the year they might work the same number of days on the highway, he made four able speeches in favor of said petition, and it was largely due to his influence that it was granted. General ITarrison was a great man in his sphere of action, a successful warrior, and his greatness of mind led him to esteem, respect and assist those who from religious principle would not fight for any cause. West Pittsfield, 3fass.