HISTORY OF THE CHURCH OF MT. LEBANON, N. Y. No. 7. The first day of the New Year, 1842 was a continuation of the same wonderful display of divine manifestations of spirit power. The first day of January will be remembered by the visitation of Holy Mother Wisdom. A large number of messages were written, containing words of comfort and blessing to those who walked uprightly. It was during this season that public service was discontinued and a notification was placed on the door of the church. The Sabbath was kept more as a day of meditation and prayer, and this was better secured by dismissing that service which invited a large company of strangers to visit the Village for many hours during the day. A remarkable visitation of the spirits occurred about this time, embracing persons from many nations. Much of the time during the service was oc- cupied by these different classes, as the Instruments were singing some new and beautiful songs or engaged in exhortations. The 'general exercises during the hours of worship were similar to those of former years. 1843. Many of the messages which had been written were now compiled and received the title of 'Sacred Roll and Book.' A corresponding work began at Watervliet, N. Y., and the work written at that place was entitled 'Holy Wisdom's Book.' The manuscript of the Sacred Roll having been prepared, it was printed at Canterbury, N. H., by the Believers in that Society, and in 1849 the book of Holy Wisdom was printed in the same place. 1844. The meetings during this year and also during 1845 were quite like those of an earlier date. The receiving of beautiful songs and the manifestation of divine gifts, were the ever present privileges. Testimonies of thankfulness, of simplicity and of love for the abundant gifts of the spirit broke forth from every heart. The public Sabbath service which was closed in 1843 was again opened this year, and all who so wished were permitted to attend. The order of exercises was as in former years and the ministration of the gift of God was a living power which filled the assembly. Although the demonstra THE MANIFESTO. tion of the spirit, as exhibited in so many wonderful ways, gradually faded away,' there was remaining in the hearts of the people, a treasure which the world could neither give nor take away. A work of such magnitude, filled as it was with wonderful and mysterious spirit manifestations could never have been anticipated by those who were chosen as actors, or even by those who were privileged to be the witnesses. It came in the quietness and in the obscurity of a dream, but it rapidly developed into a work of power and gave evidence that it was of God. 1850. Although the mysterious noises that were heard at Hydesville, N. Y., in 1848 in the Fox family had been attracting more or less attention, and the curious were investigating, it did not arrest our attention very much till the present year. Several members of our Society visited the family that was attracting so much attention, and were very much interested in what took place by 'rappings and tippings.' This strange work of the spirit was foretold through the mediums of our own order, especially the rapping manner of communication. Although we do not consider these manifestations identical with those that have been seen in our own order, yet they have proved to be very interesting and given us an inspiring hope, that it was the opening of a way that might lead to an increasing, gospel light among those who were strangers to nearly every form of spirituality. Several of the mediums visited our Society and exhibited those singular manifestations, by rapping, by tipping, or moving of tables, and by speaking while in a trance state. Some of these demonstrations were, certainly, very remarkable, and were well calculated to attract the attention of nearly all classes of persons. SF [RITUAL GIFTS FROM 1851 to 1856 INCLUSIVE. The form of the spiritual manifestations that took place within the boundary of our Society, during the above period, presented nothing remarkably new, as worthy of special notice. The hours for divine worship were attended with marked regularit}^, and were seasons of blessing to those who walked in the light. A living testimony was manifested against all evil, as in this came the prosperity of the Community. Some walked in tribulation, as they witnessed in some persons a departure from light, or an apostacy from the word of God. A more direct testimony was held before the world, to show them that the spirit of Christ is found in the path of righteousness and peace. During those several years we were blessed with many refreshing gifts, with much consolation from soul to soul, and were still able to say that Zion yet rejoices in her God and gives glory to his name. (to be continued.)