OBEDIENCE. 'To obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams.' 1 Sam. xv., 22. The theme presented here, shows how true the gre;it Creator is to such as obey him, and, on the other hind, how puuishment is justly inflicted upon ihose who fai' to keep his commandments, for he who forgets God, must himself be forgotten. Yet they hope to escape the judgment, because, they say, we are as good, if not better, than our neighbor, who pretend to be what they are not, and we make no pretence to religion at all; thus judging heir neighbor by themselves, for which crime our Lord declares they shall be punished ; inasmuch as we shall bu judged, by the same judgmeut as we judge others. Saul, the tall and handsome king, reigned one good year over the people ; then he began to grow vain and sinned against God. He offered sacrifice as a priest which he had no right to do, and committed other offenses for which Samuel rebuked him and the Lord rejected him as Israel's king. Let us learu that, no matter how high our position may be, and how favorable our circumstances, except we be humble and obedient we shall fall into sin ; and let us not forget, that though the Lord may have appointed us unto a high place and tor high duty, we can only retain our place of honor and service if we are true to the trust. 'The people took of the spoil.' It is easier to blame others than to confess our own guilt; but that does not help us. In this case Saul, willing to justify himself of the great sin of disobedience, laid it to the people. Sometimes we are to blame for what others do. Saul had.control of the people anil could have directed their conduct. When Aaron made the golde:i calf for the people to worship, (Ex. xxxii., 22-24.) his answer was the same as Saul's, for his chief aim was to magnify the faults of others and cover his own sin. 'And Aaron said, Let not the anger of my lord wax hot: thou knov&gt;e.&gt;t the people that they are set on mischief. And I said unto them, Whosoever haih any gold let them break it off. So they gave it me : then I cast it into the fire, and there came out this calf.' Saul had professed faithfulness to God's word, but he could not keep the sheep and oxen quiet. God had commauded their destruction, but Saul had saved them, and their bleating and lowing betrayed him. We find this to be true with many professing Christians. There is something in their walk and conversation that always distinguishes them from trup Christians. Samuel had the word of God and Saul seemed willing to hear it, but it was to bring condemnation to himself; his own words were to be his judges. With pretence now, but in awful sincerity after a while will we speak our own condemnation. Luke xix., 22. 'He hath also rejected thee.' This was the end of the whole matter. He that rejects God must be himself rejected. Saul remained a long time king, but only as an instrument of sorrow to himself and the sinning people, and at last he died in dishonor and despair; but Samuel does not leave the people to rest in the tenderness of God alone, lest they forget that only the obedient can expect kindness, for as he showed by the old history the willful and disobedieut must suffer. Psa. cxxx., 4. It is all summed up iu this : that if we will serve God we shall have peace and plenty ; but if we rebel we shall suffer. In the end it will be ruin for the wicked, but eternal life for the good. Then will we all realize the fact that 'To obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams.'Troop I, 1st Cavalry, Fort Leaveuworth, Kansas. Thomas J. Benge.