Already we are entering the second degree of the New Year... Already we are entering the second degree of the New Year. The rapidity with which time passes, should urge us into more active work, over which there need be no repenting. Our only hope of spiritual success is to move as time moves, forward, on towards God. We know most assuredly that, 'Before us lies a fruitful field, Behind, a wilderness.' In this we may reasonably anticipate the beautiful fruition of our labors, if they are sown in peace with the spirit that makes peace, while unfalteringly, we are walking with God. Temporal prosperity demands unceasing watchfulness. To save the dollars, the dimes must be held in security. Industry and economy must be stamped, indelibly upon everything that we do. With this safeguard against poverty and against the loss of our temporal home, we rest in comparative security, When Jesus remarked that the children of this world were wiser in their generation than the children of light, he no doubt, wished to impress this lesson of economy upon their minds. 'Hold fast that which thou hast gained.' Worldly wise men have learned that even the fractional part of a small sum is quite essential to their prosperity, and a carelessness here may soon involve them in ruin. But why should he contrast the children of the world with the children of light? To awaken their minds to the duty of their high calling and to seek first the kingdom of God. It was, indeed, a direct reference to the life manifested by the two classes and something that could be, easily, understood. The predominance of selfish interests unfolds the whole story. Preservation of self. Jesus would teach his brethren to lay up their treasure in heaven, and not be over anxious about what they should eat and drink. A selfish man wishes to hold something in his grasp that is tangible. He can see his estates ; he knows their boundaries and determines, at once, their greatest possible value among the money-changers, either in or out of the temple. This knowledge to him is, however, for worldly gain, he sees it and feels it. Treasures in heaven are spiritual, of which the worldly-minded can have but a faint conception. To receive these one must believe that God is, and that He is a rewarder of those who diligently seek Him. Through this work of Christian love and of faith toward God, these heavenly treasures become of inestimable worth. To live righteously and godly is a warfare against the interests of a selfish life, and even the children of light with these greatest of blessings, so bountifully presented for their acceptance, often lose the proffered privilege as they carelessly turn from the kingdom of God and from the cross of Christ. Will the New Year that is dawning upon us, find the children of light clad in the whole armor of God ? actively engaged in securing those treasures which are so indispensibly necessary for their spiritual prosperity ? Will they be found gathering of that wisdom that comes from above, which shall make them, first pure, then peaceable, full of mercy and good fruits ? Will it find them filled with a zeal toward God, and an assurance as loyal as that of the apostle when he declared to his brethren, 'I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth.' Baptized into the spirit of this work, a large field for labor is opened, and we will not, cannot remain inactive. Obligations increase on every hand. Our lamp must be trimmed that our light from God may shine for the benefit of others as well as for ourselves. If we are acting as faithful stewards, we must not only receive the divine blessings, but with a corresponding faithfulness allow others an equal privilege. Fully persuaded, with the apostle, we enter the second degree of the year, with greater love for goodness and truth, and an anxious prayer that God's light may illumine the whole world.