HISTORY OF THE CHURCH OF MT. LEBANON, N. Y. No. 8. Union between the Brethren and Sisters. Having discussed quite fully the manifestations of spiritual gifts, we 'will cow make reference, more directly, to the course which was pursued while establishing the Society upon its present foundation. The Church of Christ is a spiritual body of Believers, who have consecrated their souls and bodies to God.. This consecration was by no means a sudden, change. It developed in the hearts of the I'elievers, from day to day, and from year to year, as they were able to accept the light of God into the soul, and to. become crucified to the life of the world. To sacrifice the selfish relations of the world to be a follower of Christ, was the breaking away from all that claimed a union with the old inheritance of the flesh. Father Joseph, while organizing the Society, was anxious to preserve a spiritual union which would make of men and women of the world, a consecrated body of Brethren and Sisters. Through the teaching of the New Testament he had learned that 'The man was not without the woman in the Lord,' and that the union which was to be supported must be from a pure heart, and afford protection from every evil result. In the business relations of the Society, the Brethren and Sisters had been united in their interests for the peace and prosperity of the whole order. But the establishing of 'union meetings' did not take place fill the year 1793. These meetings consisted of some half dozen or more of Brethren and about the same number of Sisters, who were free to converse upon any subject of interest, that came within the boundaries of their religious order. This season was limited, generally, to about one hour, and a part of this time was, if desired, devoted to singing. Directors were appointed to take charge of these seasons of 'union,' that a wholesome order might be preserved, and a blessing rest upon the Community. In these meetings, the Brethren occupied a position in line, and the Sisters sat directly opposite, at a distance of a few feet. The orderly character of the meetings, and the general diffusion of intelligence became so profitable and satisfactory that they were continued for more than forty years. The children were sometimes admitted to these meetings, or if their caretakers thought best, other forms were provided for them, in which they could read or sing or make recitations of Scripture texts, as occasion offered. This education was considered very essential as a foundational work for their future membership in the Church of Christ. In the government of this unionprivilege, Father Joseph was very careful to give the best protective advice, and as a rule, taught the Brethren that no one was worthy to sit in conversation with his gospel Sisters, if he harbored hard feelings, or was, in the least at variance with any of the Brethren. At an earlier date, the experience of those who formed the Society was of a superior order. They had passed through much tribulation, and many deprivations, that they might be able to accept the full cross of Christ, which would so effectually harvest them from the elements of the world. They had 'tasted of the good word of God,' and were qualified to make a good use of it. Whatever changes might take place, they could not be so inconsistent, as to be thrown out. The gospel to them was 'the power of God unto salvation,' and they secured it in hearts consecrated to the gospel work. It became necessary, from time to time, to introduce changes into the order of the family to meet the present conditions, and to secure the best results that might be developed in a religious Community. But let the location or condition of individuals be what it may, in respect to the external order of union, the true work of the gospel admits of no selfish union between any members who have entered the Society of Believers. This has been plainly taught as the uniform faith of the Church, and on its faithful maintenance, depends our spiritual prosperity. FOOD. After having given an account of the formation of the Society and an outline of the spiritual movement during several years, we will now turn to the many departments that so essentially aid in the maintenance, and in the prosperity of a Community. In the early history of the Society, the people were sometimes reduced to a very simple fare, as their provisions were almost wholly the product of their own farm. Instances are recorded when bread and broth formed the greater part of the meal, and indeed, when even this frugal repast was reduced extremely low. At other times potatoes and bread, with a small quantity of bean porridge was all that could be afforded. As the people increased in financial prosperity, every other temporal blessing moved along in the same ratio. At this early date a liberal use was made of swine's flesh, especially during the winter season. As industrious farmers, they made every acre of land which they tilled, produce an abundance, and in a very few years they were able to use all that was needed, and also to bestow much upon the poor. Tea and coffee were freely used, and at noon a liberal sup- ply of good cider. It might be quite difficult for us to judge those hardy pioneers by what we may be able to do, as they had many advantages that have not fallen to our lot. As we look back and view the road over which they traveled, we not only become interested, but we wonder at their power of endurance, as the largest part of them walked upon the earth for nearly a century, before they said their last farewell. The chewing and smoking of tobacco were used wTith the same freedom as the cider and the pork. As this was the universal custom of the people, it came with them into the Community, and remained with them till they received more advanced light on the subject. Very little thought was given to the study of Hygiene, and still less to the food which they ate from day to day. Hot biscuits and butter, with meat, potatoes, cabbage and turnips were sometimes served for breakfast, while for dinner, they had pork steak or beef, with the vegetables of the season. For supper, many preferred bread and milk. Pies were on the table for breakfast and supper, but rarely for dinner. Previous to the year 1823 the table was set with pewter plates, while the bread was placed on plates made of wood. The supper on Christmas, and frequently on the Sabbath, was the most sumptuous meal, as roast fowl, various kinds of pie, cake, preserves &amp;c. were served, agreeably to the custom of the country in those days. Since the above date, crockery made of porcelain has been more generally used. In the year 1841 a great change took place in the preparation of our food. Swine's flesh was wholly removed from the table, and the Society avoided the use of all kinds of meat or fish on the Sabbath. Butter and bread and milk were not partaken of at the same meal. Cider, which had been used on the table till the present year, was almost wholly abandoned. In these sacrifices there may have been a deprivation to some persons, while at the same time it was a great advantage to the body of Believers as a whole. Our table has not been wanting for variety in good substantial, healthy food, and this prepared in the best and nicest manner. Simple though it may have been when compared wdth those who abound in wealth, yet we know that it has abundantly supplied all our needs, and for which we thank the Giver of all good gifts. Our table now is set with some kind of meat or fish, or eggs, and all the vegetables of the season, and these served in a variety of ways for taste or pleasure. With these come the various sauces and condiments. The apples, cherries, plums, peaches, cranberries &amp;c, &amp;c, are made into sauce or preserves and used as occasion requires. Although we may have no rule to regulate the number of articles of food which shall constitute a meal, we think it requires some caution on the part of the cooks, to see that they do not place before the family too many kinds at one time. The use of foreign tea and coffee has been dismissed several times, but after an interval of a few months has returned in all its freshness, to its former place on the table. During these terms of departure the family has used instead, a, tea made of sage, of strawberry leaves, cross-wort or of Liberty tea, and a coffee of burnt crust or rye or of the root of the Avens. The injurious effects of drinking strong tea or coffee have often been discussed, and Believers have always considered it wrong to become the slave of any habit. If the use of cider and swine's flesh were discontinued, as articles not condusive to the general health of the individual, then why retain the tea and coffee which might be equally injurious. For many years but very little tea was used at the last meal of the day, except by those advanced in years, and the free use of either tea or coffee, at any time, by the younger class has been much discouraged. As a substitute for this, some used milk and water, while others confined themselves wholly to cold water. (to be continued.)