WHISPERINGS. Esther Gill. One Sabbath eve when calling to mind the lessons of that day, borne on the moonlit breeze a whisper came soft and low and impressed these simple words upon my mind : Which are the two surest things which you would choose for lights to your feet along the rugged road of life, and at the end yield the most peace of mind and illume the dark 'valley of the shadow of death.' The evening was calm snd beautiful, not a sound to disturb the spell; such seasons being so few in this life, I bent my energies to improve so hallowed an hour, and decide as did Solomon of old, this all-wise question. First I thought how much riches might do to help us through this world ; it will buy all the natural heart could wish, but at the end I must leave it all behind : but suppose I choose Wisdom for the helper to riches, will they not prove the two surest things to possess? Surely Wisdom will guide me to a right use of riches, and e'xpand my mind. And the breeze whispered softly, 'God looketh at the heart.' 'Riches take wings.' Then came before my mind all the beautiful Virtues ; two by two I compared them, but at the end I found they could not stand the test alone, until I came to Faith and Hope. O ! these surely are the two, for faith is the gift many Christians base their salvation upon, and what a bright star to the troubled mind is sweet hope ; and the whisper came 'Faith without works is dead and hope is passive,' and I asked myself, 'what are the works that faith demands ? ' and softly again came the whisper, 'Forgive thy brother as thou wouldst be forgiven ; give a cup of water to the sick, bread to the hungry, words of cheer and courage to the sorrowful, and a kind word to the erring ; pray for your enemies ; do good to those who persecute you, and learn to love all.' These works, combined with faith, make one perfect whole, and develop a true Christian at heart, and if these I possess, I shall be filled with true religion. Now having found one of the brightest things to possess in this life, I turn to sweet hope and to it add prayer, and it is no longer passive. When we listen to these gentle whisperings, the mystery how simply, how easily unraveled ! Nature seems also full of these low whisperings. The murmuring brooks, the rustling leaves, the singing birds and humming bees, all tell of God's great love, and all day long they praise his Holy name, and in twilight's tranquil hour, they seem to breathe a prayer of gratitude and send up a petition that they may be blessed with yet another day to sing his praises better. Shall I. be dumb while all nature praises Him unceasingly. I will pray for language holy and pure to speak and sing his praise more and more perfectly day unto day ; I will pray that love may so fill my heart, that I may be able at all times to exemplify a perfect Christian character. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.