TO OUR FATHER Elder Frederick W. Evans. One of the immortal names that were not born to die. Honor in life to whom is honor due; Oh gladly do we bring the pearls of praise, And flowers of gratitude profusely strew Upon the pathway of thy autumn days. Why should we wait until the earthly end, To blindly reach across the jasper w all, The wealth, the blessing that should now descend, The benedictions that should on thee fall? Affection's tokens fill each rolling year, They come like planets fair to gem thy dome, The true, the just thy uprightness revere; But more than fame to thee, is love of home. From east and west, from islands of the sea, From lands afar beyond the belt of waves, Ccme messages of love and thanks to thee, For nobly sending forth the word that saves. True to thy call to preach unto the world, That place of bondage and of spirit needs, To show the serpent in the roses curled, And hurl swift thunderbolts against the No fear, no tie, no favor could deter [creeds, Thy valiant spirit from the conflict strong, Unflinchingly it faced the powers that were, And bravely used its sword on ancient wrong. Integrity and zeal perhaps are stern; They are thine armor, warm the heart below; Up through thine eyes we see its home fires burn, And in thy kindliness we feel their glow. The earth demands such saviors as thou art; Myrrh and frankincense will not banish sin, Tis fire from heaven that will cleanse the And consecration, life anew begin. [heart, 'Twas work, 'twas battle that thy ardor taught 'Twas deep repentance where God's mercies flow, 'Twas Babylon's confusions brought to naught Ambition, pride and selfishness laid low. 'Twas angel purity, pellucid, bright, The word of life revealed, not man-construed, The dawning of the day, not sunset light, The large unfathomed faith that still renewed. The hope that on the present laid its balm, Healed the dull wound and soothed the rankling pain, To grief's wild tempest gave the magic calm, And soaring, breathed a full triumphal strain. That hope, no storm-glooms could obscure or dim, It cleft the darkness with its sabre rays, And gave the future's broken, distant rim A coronet of jewels all ablaze. Dear Father, how we prize that glorious hope, That cheiftain-spirit, that the hights would scale, That never stooped in fallacies to grope, And never knew the coward's watch-word, 'fail!' Swift as the eagle's glance o'er cloud or fen, Thine eyes discerned the work that was of God, And knew the structure that was reared by men, And smote it with the angel's gifted rod. Whate'er of Christ or holiness the claim, Lofty in whiteness, or in whiteness low, Thy test of purity was still the same, For loathsome leprosy, is white as snow. The test was in thy soul, the work it did Gave doctrines by the dual-Christ revealed, Henceforth in thee were treasures shown and hid, Because thy call by sacrifice was sealed. What is the mountain's crest above the storm, And what the sea-ward river's constant tide, Or mellow autumn sun diffused and warm, Compared with lives by travail glorified? Think not our love has placed thy worth too high, For thou art Zion's, none can swell the claim, And long as truth is blazoned in the sky, Bright in her galaxy shall glow thy name With those of saints Mrho suffered. Earth may pass, Andheaven be brought together like a scroll, Yet shall they shine above the sea of glass, Within the deathless regions of the soul. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.