Hail! hail! a Happy New Year to all my Gospel friends... Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., Dec. 1889. Hail ! hail! a Happy New Year to all my Gospel friends. The old year is about closed, but not forgotten. Let us hang it up as a sort of chart, with its wisdom to guide and its follies to avoid. There has not been such a year in the history of our race ; viewing it externally, and if we could only see and read the spiritual history of 1889 we should exclaim 'wonderful, wonderful! beautiful and glorious.' 1889 has had an awful baptism of fire and flood, of disaster by sea and land, but the glory of God, the good that has been accomplished, and is now in operation, eclipses it all. Just think of one hundred thousand laboring men marching through the streets of London, carrying their banners, holding their meetings, and dispersing, all in order, and that on an empty stomach. Then the -dethroning of an emperor, and the establishment of a Republic in Brazil which is nearly as large as the United States. Just these two events alone do show forth the glory of God and the mighty power of good that is working on the earth. To really enjoy life we want to have a high ideal; something we can look up to and be working toward , it is the inspiration of our lives. It is that which distinguishes man from the animal. I love to have the Angel come down and trouble the waters ; it gives opportunity for exercise, and the power to do good. Wise people, it is said, alter their purposes; and sometimes they are otherwise in so doing. Well, after we started to make our second fish-pond, a new idea floated to us; and as it was in accord with our vegetarianism, and would also please everybody else, we caught it, and are acting upon it. We are making a cranberry bed of about one-third of an acre; have a splendid opportunity to overflow it, but it will take some time and labor to complete it. We had some four inches of snow yesterday which gives the country a very wintry appearance. We were plowing on the 13th ; a very rare occurence in our section. Thrashing has been going on, and we find that the oats that were out in the rain, and which had to be turned over, yield a great deal less than those got in without getting wet. We want a few inches more snow and it would make nice sleighing. Winter goes much more pleasantly on runners than it does on wheels. There is a great deal of talk about commemorating the discovery of America in 1892 ; that will be the centennial of the gathering of the church, (our church) into order ; into community relation. Would it not be appropriate for us to hold a grand meeting and have representatives from every Society, assemble and exchange ideas on the past, present and future ? Stir up our pure and holy faith, and prepare for a general pentecostal revival. I enclose check ; keep the Manifesto going and don't forget -the music ; that will touch the heart, wThile theology reaches the intellect. It is as love to logic. In kindest love, Daniel Offord.