TESTIMONIES. I received faith in the testimony of the Elders, the first time I visited Mother Ann, but being under some engagements, and absent for a long time I became darkened. On my next visit I became fully assured that they professed the power of salvation, and I honestly confessed my sins with the firm resolution to forsake them. I visited frequently while they remained in Harvard, and Shirley and in the adjacent towns. I lived with my mother in the town of Mason some twenty miles from Shirley, but we walked this distance, attended a protracted meeting and then we set out on our return home. Having proceeded about half the distance, it began to raiu. We entered an old school-house, where we remained till the siorm was over. It was now not far from midnight, and very dark, but we resumed our journey and arrived at our own home just as the sun was rising in the east. We were soon engaged in our u&gt;ual employment, the same as though we had enjoyed our- rest through the night. Elizabeth Woodard. Our Mother Haunah Kendall exhorted us to be kind to each other and be very careful not to hurt the oil and the wine. We should reverence God in each other and respect our Brothers and Sisters and treat them with good manners. When we speak of our Brethren and listers we should call them Brethren and Sisters. We should leave all profane language and all jesting and all speaking unkindly of each other to the children of the world. Our words should be seasoned with grace, that we may not say that which is wrong. When Mother Ann and the Elders made their first visit to Harvard they called at the Square House. Sister Abigail Cooper says, 'They asked me if the religion I had received saved me from sin.' 'We have,' said they, 'the gospel of Christ, and if you will accept us, we will do you good.' Abigail replied, 'I have seen a great deal of false religion, and I do uot want to see any more. If you have any new religion you mi;rht as well keep it to yourself, as I do not want it, and indeed I do not care about seeiug you.' After a short visit they arranged to leave and Mother Ann said, 'Do you uot love us?' I told thorn I did rot. Father William Lee replied, 'We will makethee to love us before we leave the place,' and presented me a nice apple. I did not want the apple, but took it and laid it on the mantle. They had been absent but a short time, when I began to feel a great love for them. I could say in truth that I loved them as I had never loved before. I loved the apple for their sakes, and wh^n I was about my work I would, occasionally, look at it and take it in my hand. I knew they must be a good peopie because I felt such love for them. I longed to have them return and when they did I was thankful to receive them, as I counted it a great privilege to do a kindness for them. I found Mother Ann's words to be true. Abigail Cooper.