IN REMEMBRANCE. The funeral of Elder Elijah Myric'k, of Harvard Mass , was held on Wednesday at 2 P. M., thu 12th inst., in the Hull of the Family Dwelling. Elder Elijah, who had reached the well filled age of sixty-si;; years, came to Harvard when only a little boy of four years. From a virtuous child he developed into a beautiful Christian man and has been an interested and devoted supporter of our gospel order for a lung scries of years. By all the dear friends at his own home, and indeed throughout all of the Eastern Societies where he was widely known, he was loved as a gospel father, and as one who was solicitous for the comfort and general happiness of every one from the aged to the little children. The death of Elder Elijah occurred very suddenly on tlie afternoon of the 9th of Feb. He was sitting in' company with the Ministry and Elders of the Church and had been conversing on several subjects of interest, and then introduced a letter that he had just written. lie read till lie reached the closing address, 'Your abiding Brother' and then suddenly expired; although he had stood on the threshhold of death for some weeks during the early part of the Winter, he had so far recovered, as to be able to give some attention to his several duties, and even ventured to spend two days away from home last week and returned in comfortable circumstances with the remark that he felt 'quite well.' By invitation of Elder John Whiteley, who conducted the services at the funeral, Elder Henry C. Blinn with three Sisters L. J. Forest, A. E. Newton and J. H. Fish from Canterbury, N. H., and Elder John B. Vance of Alfred, Me , were present. A brother of Elder Elijah and his family also attended and some twenty of the invited friends from the town or vicinity. The meeting was opened by the singing of an appropriate hymn. Elder John Whiteley gave a brief address adapted to the occasion and having reference to our departed Brother. Eldresses, Eliza Babbitt, Maria Foster, Annie L. Walker and several other members of the Society of Harvard then offered their tributes of affectionate remembrance, either by speaking from the fulness of the heart or by reading what had been prepared. Several members from the Society at Shirley gave corresponding contributions. The speaking was interspersed with the singing of some selected pieces eminently appropriate to the occasion. After this Elder H. C Blinn offered a few timely remarks in harmony with the season of sorrow and closed by reading the twenty-third Psalm. The three Sisters from Canterbury sung a piece, by request, in remembrance of all the suffering and deeply afflicted burden bearers in this our gospel home. Elder J. B. Vance then spoke very feelingly and sympathetically which found a ready response in the hearts of all present. Sisters, E. A. Stratton and M. L. Wilson called, as they were on their way to Boston, and attended the funeral. By invitation one of the friends of the Believers, spoke a few words of appreciative regard for his acquaintance with Elder Elijah and with the Society of Shakers in Harvard which had extended over many years. The Service continued for two hours, in sorrow, in tears, in hopes ami encouragement for the prosperity of our Zion Home. During the time of Service all that was mortal of E'der Elijah was placed in an adjoining room. The countenance was so life-like that one might have thought him lying down to rest from the weary labors of a day. His dress was peculiarly expressive cf his own neatness during life. The coat was of white alpaca, very tastefully arranged, and the spotless bosom and collar of the under dress was in close harmony, as was the becoming white silk neck-tie. The casket was made of the beautiful white pine of our own New England forests. This was, in its simplicity, unstained and unvarnished. The trimmings on the inside, as arranged by the free gift of the undertaker, a special friend of Elder Elijah, were also choice in their simplicity. The duties of the Service having been closed, the body was taken to the cemetery for interment. H. C. Blinn.