Extracts from a letter received by Mrs. Dr. English... Extracts from a letter received by Mrs. Dr. English, from a young Buddhist, a native of Ceylon. I am of an inquiring turn of mind, and would look into everything, but as our coun try does not afford such facilities as yours I must be satisfied even by dipping into these grand subjects which your philosophers have handled with remarkable ability and erudition. The Buddhists, or I may say, Orientals, were a nation who did not touch meat, but since the advent of Europeans, to the East, our countrymen have degraded themselves to . such a low pitch, to the great shame of their forefathers. The European idea of civilization is about like this, I think. 1. Live beyond your means, and get into debt. 2. Use whiskey and tonics. 3. Go to the (popular) church, whatever your i eal faith may be. 4. Be a convert to Christianity, without inquiring into one's own (native) religion. 5 Ape the mode of dress adopted by the European. (His dress is made to suit a cold climate, and how can it possibly suit that of a 'not country, and vise versa. Recently, I was told by one who takes a liberal and impartial view of us, that our national dress was more graceful and becoming to a nation than the shabby breeches and cut away coat of the Europeans.) 6. Keep a carriage and cut a dash! The above is a brief resume of English civilization. The missionary has abused his trust. He brought the brandy bottle that the poor native might be taught the good quality of its contents. Then of course, roast beef was introduced The result was. he accepted Christianity, and never for a, moment thought of his country, its religion, manners or customs. Certainly the case would be pardonable, had he found for himself that the missionary's introductions were better and preferable to his native habits. The religion of Buddha, distinctly forbids the taking of life, but I am sbrry to tell you that a great number of his followers eat meat. I think they do not kill, but purchase from the markets. Even thus, it is wrong. If they refrained from buying meat, fewer animals would be slaughtered. I am no meat eater. I used to be some time ago, but left off, simply obeying an instinct of my nature. So you see, I stand in the same position as you do. I think nature has intended us to be vegetarians. In comparing our bodily structure with that of other animals, we may safely place the ape on the same footing as ourselves. Its digestive organs, teeth &amp;c , are quite identical with our own. And what is its food? Vegetable. And yet we, who have the same, anatomy, feed like wolves and tigers, transgressing a great natural law. Our forefathers must have had very good reasons for prohibiting the use of meat. It is suicidal to those, especially, who try to lead the higher life. We are, naturally, more or less in a state of intoxication through our passions, and when we take meat and spirits, additional intoxicants, the result, of course, is sad to think of. If our natural inclination is to anger, anger will become excessive, and acts of violence will be the result. Vegetarians here as a rule, are weaker, physically and more sensitive than meat-eaters. It may be through climatic influence, but I found that in India, which is much hotter than Ceylon, the case was just the reverse. I really cannot account for it. It may be the influence of the climate, or it may be owing to the kind of food which the vegetarian takes. Most of the Christian clergymen here have abused their trust very much, to, the shame of their great Teacher. If you ever come here you will see it for yourself. These men live very high, on salaries drawn from state. They did not even dream of such positions when they were at home. 'There is no religion higher than truth,' is the motto of a family of Rajahs in India. Truth is an eternal principle, and every man with brains ought to have this motto engraved upon his heart. The world would then go on smoothly. I am no sectarian, (Buddhists, properly speaking, are unsectarian,) and I always like to learn the truth from any form of 'ism.'' Jesus, Buddha and Mohammed uttered many truths which I gladly accept. I do not care from what quarter the truth comes. I cannot yet answer, conscientiously, all the following questions in the affirmative. 1. Am I a total abstainer from all spirituous liquors? 2. Do I live a perfectly pure and chaste life? 3. Am I perfectly truthful, just and honest in all my thoughts, words and deeds? 4. Is my mind permanently in a state of serenity (i. e.) have I banished from it, all passion, pride, hate, malice, envy, anger, greed and craving for worldly advantages ? Is my heart at peace with itself and with all the world? 5. Have I learned to subordinate self to others; my own pleasure to the good of my fellows? Is my heart filled with loving-kindness to all living beings ; and do I watch for opportunities of doing kindness to all within my reach? 6. Do I thoroughly realize the empty and transitory character of all earthly things, and while zealously discharging all duties, falling to my lot. during my brief halt in this world, can I truly say that all my desires center on the unseen and imperishable, and on the attainment of that higher knowledge which leads to this reality? Perfect conformity with these rules is not in man, until he has made considerable progress in things spiritual. These rules should pervade the mind, and guide the conduct. Until we try these rules have we any right to denounce the Masters or Adepts, as impostors? I think not. Apart from this our ancient books treat of the existence of the beings in question, and without a thorough investigation, with care and patience we should not jump into rash conclusions. In Ceylon the larger number of the inhabitants are Buddhists, yet there is not a single girls' school, for their daughters, and how sad it is to think that these girls grow up to be illiterate women. The Buddhists sometimes educate their daughters, at home, to read and write their mother tongue, and in the rudiments of the English larguage. I have not heard of a Buddhist young lady who could speak English, sing or play on any musical instrument. There are many Christians, brought up at Christian boarding schools, who have some of these accomplishments, but for what good when they are made so bigoted by their Christian superintendents. These children are mostly daughters of 'billy' Christians, as they are commonly called, (people who have become Christians for the sake of money or employment, one of the inducements offered by the missionaries.) I am afraid the time has not come, in Ceylon, to make her daughters stand shoulder to shoulder with her sons. I really hope the case may be so some day. I long to see the day when the women can stand as equals with the men in intellectual and spiritual attainments. The English have our fair land under their yoke. The Eurasians (sometimes called Burghers) are a mixed race, coming from the English and the lower classes of the Singhalese. You will readily see that the word Eurasian is a word compounded from Europe and Asia, and tells its own infamous story. What do you think of a religion which takes the Lord Jesus for its leader and guide, when the outcome of their teaching and example is the advent of this mixed race, born mostly outside of any legal or other rigiit. 0 you would weep to see the misery thus perpetrated. I think that all animal life is sacred and should not be destroyed, unless a human life is endangered by it. Animals are a part of the universe; they proceed from the great Absolute, which you term God, just as do humans, and as a part of the All, they are just as much entitled to our considerate mercy and loving-kindness, as any other part which proceeded from the Creative Source.