BE KIND TO THE LIVING. Anna B. Goepper. It is after he is dead that we say of the man, uHe was brave and good,' of the woman, 'She was pure and lovel) .' Any amount of tombstone-praise and funeral pageaats that you like, but would it harm us to be a little kinder to the living? When we see a drooping sister, bowed beneath the small but annoying trials of her daily life, let us take her hand in tender sympathy and softly whisper words of cheer, it is a little thing to do, and seems a veritable trifle, but it may take eternity to tell the good it does. If we see the fainting spirit brightened, the dull eye flash with grateful appreciation, we are well repaid for the ucup of water' given in his name. We are so pressed by life's duties that we have not time to stop to bless the living, yet how infinitely more in God's sight is one kind word or deed to an aching heart than all the eulogies heaped upon the inanimate and pulseless clay. No look or tone of censure or praise, can thrill or chide that silent casket now, yet we stand with awe-struck faces and voice the virtues which had graced the living, but alas it is too late, too late to cheer the bruised aud aching heart. We pull the mote out of our brother's eye but fail to recognize the beam in oar own. When we are taking the last look at some dear departed friend, comes thi; better thought, could I not have made her life happier, was I always as gentle aud kind as 1 would now be had I the power ? Alas, every unkiud wont and look is burnt into our memory now. Can we not learn from past sorrows and bereavements to be more kind to those near aud dear to us? Let us resolve to begin the .New Year with higher and holier ambitious than ever before. Let us help each other to be truer to the Higher Life. Let us check the unkind or sarcastic word before it has power to wound another heart. We will not sharpen our wit with the tears of our loved ones. We are too prone to forget that the shafts hurled from our quiver may be as poisoned arrows in some bleeding heart. Union Village, O.