NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. The past month has been anything but peaceful and quiet with us. Have made quite a revolution in our laundry and laundry building. Taking out two old boilers, replacing with a steam boiler and fixing over some store-roonis into work-shops. In our Second House have taken down one chimney and built a larger one in its place; set a boiler in the cellar and are now engaged putting in pipes and radiators. Well, just after we got fairly under way, what should come along but his i-f-r-n-1 majesty La Grippe. He soon tried to take hold of every one but there were a few that could not be gripped and he was given such a hot watery reception, inside and out that he had to flee. If we had known of his coming we probably should not have had our chimney down ; this opened the avenue and made it easy for La Grippe to seize on those, who with mop and broom were fighting amidst dust and dirt in the draughty hall and rooms. We got started and could but go on. And the weather, oh the weather! the like was never known before. What a story we that are younsr will have to tell in the next century. If this world and the weather are only the effects of spiritual causes, what reformation in the world of cause will have to take place before our earth will be a paradise. W' need not wait to die, (leave our mortal bodies) before we enter the spiritual world of cause. There are many now upon the earth who are laboring to remove spiritual causes, that the direful effects manifested on earth in human conditions may cease. When this is done, no doubt the weather and all other unprofitable conditions will be greatly improved. The Feb. Manifesto was right on time, we were thinking it would be behind on account of La Grippe. It is good, and some articles very excellent; there is one word in 'Glory to the Eighteous,' that is a mistake. It should read who can know their worth; not work. In kindest love, D. O. Enfield, Conn. Our home market for stove and furnace wood is excellent. Wood means warmth, and so dots food. There is life in heat, and. all life must have food of some kind Then there is a food of the mind and soul as well as of the body. It wont do to forget that. Growth is the law of life, and all growth must have something to feed on. To grow good and do good, to well perform our duties the brain must work as well as the hands. As a rule, the best disciplined people will do the best work at the best time and in the best way. Most farmers cultivate too much land for the amount of manure applied. Less land with the same amount of manure will produce almost the same quantity of crops with a great reduction of labor. When sulphur is added to the soft feed for hens during the moulting season, it makes a good tonic. It purifies the blood and is the principal property in the growth of new feathers. Sulphur is a useful article. In orthodoxy it is said to be 'the purifier of sins.' The poultry man may not need sulphur so much as the hens, and therefore it is recommended for the latter. D. Orcutt.