HISTORY OF THE CHURCH OF MT. LEBANON, N. Y. No. 9. In the infancy of the Community, Farming and Gardening were accepted as nece'ssary to the welfare and comfort of the Society, but the first business of the Community by which to obtain a livelihood was the acceptance of several mechanical branches . or trades, which were creditably sustained and proved to be a great benefit to the Society. Both Brethren and Sisters were industriously employed, and the work which they sent out from the Society, was made of the best material, and at the same time nicely finished. Everything commanded a good price and a ready sale. Several persons were appointed to the management of the farm. All the available land was put in use, and crops of wheat, rye, oats, barley, corn, flax and potatoes, soon told of the faithful labors of the workmen. They were quite limited in the number of horses and oxen and many times suffered much inconvenience on this account. Their stock of agricultural implements was of a coarse manufacture. These consisted of wagons, sleighs, ploughs, harrows, scythes, rakes, forks, shovels, hoes, sickles and axes. In the year 1788 the wheat crop was nearly ruined, by the cold and open winter. After it was harvested, the whole Society made an equal division through the several families. The fruit crop was also injured and they were afforded only a limited supply of apples, pears or cherries. This stimulated the Society to increase their supply of fruit, and many acres were soon appropriated to the cultivation of fruit trees. For a few years more, attention was given to the raising of potatoes, and in 1789 some 3000 bushels were harvested for the use of the Family. Since 1848, the gardeners have given considerable attention to the raising of strawberries, and of this fruit we have bountiful supplies. From year to year the improved implements of agriculture have been purchased, which have been of great service in the management of the farm. In 1827 a hay rake, drawn by a horse, was introduced into the hayfield. Those who saw its first work thought it was wonderful and for many years that was an indispensable article. In 1825 a side-hill plough was used on the farm, and in 1856 a mowing-ma- chine, drawn by a span of horses, was taken to the field, and when the ground was smooth it did excellent work. The machines first invented for cutting grass were very heavy and cumbersome, but their introduction into the field was of decided advantage to those who were obliged to use the scythe. In 1815, machines were used for threshing the grain, and the improvements made on them since that date, has now given to the world a machine of inestimable value. The work on the farm for a few years was largely under the management of certain persons who were appointed specially to that calling. It then became necessary for all who were able, to assist during the time of planting, haying and harvesting, and in securing the fire-wood. Our stock on the farm consisted of 15 Horses, 60 Milch Cows, 16 Working Oxen, 44 Young Cattle and 220 Sheep. No dogs were owned in the Society. Several hundred hens, about one hundred turkeys, and a few colonies of bees have been kept since the forming of the Society. The rigid system of economy on which the Community was founded, forbid the keeping of any creature for its beauty or for mere pleasure. The making of maple sugar has never been very extended, but in 1792 some 6 bbls. of sugar and 200 lbs. of cakes, were made for home use. In 1857, 250 gallons of syrup were made. Gardening is a branch of industry distinct from the farm. A garden for the family use was laid out as early as 1797 and a liberal supply of all that would be needed for the table was carefully cultivated. So early as 1800 the raising of garden seeds became a prominent industry. At one time this branch of business had so enlarged that the seeds were sent throughout theU.'S., and into Europe. At the time this record was written, 1858, the raising of Garden Seeds was one of the most profitable sources of income. Since that date or since the opening of the civil war, this industry has met with many unlooked-for reverses, and induced us to turn our attention into other channels for employment. Very few plants have been cultivated in the gardens, merely for ornament. All the land was needed for a more profitable use, and large sections were devoted to the cultivation of small fruits. Many excellent specimens of grapes have received careful attention, and yielded very satisfactory returns. Tomatoes were introduced into the family in 1828 and from a small beginning and the forming of an acquired taste, this fruit has become a prominent article of food and hundreds of gallons are preserved for winter use. The gardens still continue to afford an abundant supply of fruits and vegetables for the use of the family. A careful attention is given to secure the best varieties for cultivation, as this may be as easily done, as to retain those of less value. MUSIC. The science of music, or the art of writing music and singing by note was not largely cultivated among the Believers for many years. Yery few embraced the faith at that time who understood the rules of music. The songs and tunes were learned by hearing. In 1807 the reading of music was gradually introduced, and for several years following, there was a great increase in the number of songs that were brought forward to learn. In 1815 an Anthem was written and the musical notes attached. From this small beginning the knowledge of the rules of music began to be cultivated with more care. It was soon found to be very beneficial in the sending of musical composition to the several Societies. Up to this date no singing schools had been organized and the study of music was attended by many difficulties, through the want of an able teacher. The notes that were adopted at this time, were those in general use, and what many have called the 'old fashioned, round notes.' In the course of a few years, great improvements were made m the writing of music, as the use of letters was introduced. Various methods were used to indicate the length of the notes, by making the letters, Capitals, in Roman or Italic form. It required considerable care and skill to place these notes correctly and at the same time have the page neatly written. This however, was soon followed by the introduction of small letters and excluding the Capitals. Breviatures were used to indicate the length of the notes, as well as other marks as the music demanded. In 1835 a thorough reform was made in the system of modes, and generally adopted among the Believers. A book was published entitled the 'Rudiments of Music,' containing one hundred and fifty-eight pages, explanatory of the system as now used. A small work on music was published at New Lebanon in 1842 and about the same time one was published at Enfield, Conn. After a few years the use of the staff was almost universally neglected, as the center or medium line was considered sufficiently distinct in the writing of music. This system, with slight improvements, continued in general use until the year 1871. In the publication of 'The Shaker' which began this year, it was arranged to publish a piece of music, each month, and in order to do this, we were obliged to use the round notes. From this date the round notes have gradually grown in favor, while the letter notes have as gradually passed out of use. (to be continued.)