Groveland, N. Y. Mar. 4, 1890. This the sixty-third day of the year eighteen hundred and ninety with us, or we with the day, comes as a reminder of the swift march of time, telling us that we are also marching forth toward the great beyond; that this is not our abiding home. Only for a brief time are we permitted to dwell here. As we read the account of the last acts of devotion bestowed in memory of the dear brother Elder Elijah Myrick, we were deeply impressed with his parting benediction, 'Your abiding Brother.' Grand and comforting is its import to his many friends on this side. Though the 'clouds of heaven opened and received him out of sight' yet he will abide with us forever. About three years ago a large colony of honey bees sought refuge in the South chimney of the Church building; they are still ''Holding the Fort,' and defy every attempt at interference. Every sunny day they may be seen flying around and hovering over their 'adopted home' seemingly jealous of the slightest intrusion. Their protective agency is of such powerful force, that no one can be found brave enough to encounter them. Perhaps it is best not to disturb them, as they place before us tliis valuable lesson. Keep as busy as a bee While the moments swiftly flee. But some say, How shall we secure the honey? That is the question. How shall we secure it? One way it's too high, another too low, And also contrary wise. Now its too low, then it's too high 'To mansions in the skies.' So to the bees, we'll give them all The honey in the chimney tall. The winter intended for this locality went south a few weeks before the holidays and has not returned. Strayed away and got lost as most wanderers do. In all probability it will not appear again this season, if it should it will prove certain blight to the Peach, Apricot and some other fruits. At last accounts the fruit buds were reported unharmed. What the later record will be We shall have to wait and see. Yet 'tis a truth most absolute We'll not get ice if we have fruit. Again if ice we reap this spring A small fruit harvest we shall bring. Our pond and sun minding streams have frozen several times to the great depth of three and one half inches, hut only for a day ar two. We have not had one day's sleighing through the past season. Lugs that were intended to be drawi to mill are lying in the woods. With present prospects they will continue lying there, till the coming of another winter. What then? Will the year 1891 provide us with a winter? G. D. G.