That the beautiful gospel of Christ and the power... That the beautiful gospel of Christ and the power of his life should be preached to the whole world is quite evident. Without this general diffusion of the truth, it could not become universal in the common, Christian acceptation of the word. If it has been our good fortune to be made the recipients of that testimony which leads on toward God ; if we are bearing the cross by which we are crucified to the world, and are living the life which gives a conquering power over the elements of a selfish inheritance, then, indeed, are we in possession of 'good news and glad tidings,' which we have no right to monopolize, either for our earthly comfort or for our anticipated heavenly fruition. Do we not say, as good men have said before us, that it is more blessed to give than it is to receive, and does not even this well timed admonition reach to the sympathy of our hearts, 'Freely ye have received, freely give.' The day will never dawn when any class of people can be justified even before men, in making the religious privilege an exclusive one. It is God's free gift to man. Personal triumphs, however, may be clearly and beautifully defined in the character, which will insure the commendation of men; but all this, like the treasure of selfrighteousness, must occupy a very narrow space as a field for action, and at best afford an inferior hope to those who would wish to grow in the boundless love of God. To the increase of God's kingdom, among men, there can be no end. / But in its unfolding it will be as is his heavenly kingdom, into which nothing can enter that defiles or is untrue. Jesus in his mission of love, would have the will of God operate among men while on their pilgrimage through this world, as it operated in the kingdom of God, that they might be the children of their heavenly Father, and sons and daughters of the resurrection order which the son of God came to establish. In the acceptance of this spiritual privilege, the gift of manhood and womanhood is raised above the earth ly plane,' and through the baptism of the Spirit they become pure and peaceful, and able to overcome the world. Christ was the manifestation of God on earth, and a fulness of that divine life dwelt in him, so that to be one with Christ, the disciple must be actuated by the same spirit, and certainly it r.eed not demand much time to readily discriminate between the spirit of divinity and the spirit of the world. While one leads into all the gifts that develop the peaceable fruits of righteousness, and works with diligence to make men as the children of God, the other introduces into the mind the elements of discord and encourages the selfishness that rules-the world. The gospel, which is the embodiment of love, is the power of God to salvation. In it may be found the saving principle which not only enables the possessor to conform to a few outward rules, but so fully renews the heart that a new life is brought forward and new gifts and graces form the adorning of the mind. No one, for a moment, would dispute the power of remolding that may be developed in those who carefully and conscientiously determine to walk in this heavenly light. In it they obtain an active, living element, and a present salvation. It, at once, becomes the 'new way' which Jesus had so fully promised to those who accepted the work of the cross, and were baptized with his baptism. Having this beautiful treasure, how shall we estimate its value ? It will, undoubtedly, do us good and as a shield protect us from the sins of the world. It will be to us a great comfort and consolation while on the King's highway, and afford us an assurance of our individual happiness in the City of the redeemed. This gift is certainly the light of the world, so long anticipated, and made the subject of earnest prayers before God. A treasure well worth our every effort to hold securely in honest hearts. Kings and Kmper*ors who rule over worldly possessions may acquire to themselves immense wealth, and selfishly hold their valuable treasures in caskets, hid in the earth. In this condition they can add nothing to the happiness of the owners, or to any of their friends, and can only be considered the selfish property of a selfish person. It is, as was the light that was hid under a bushel, of very little value. These lessons of life should act in harmony with the admonition that was given to the disciples of Christ. 'Freely ye have received, freely give.' Is it not good to practice what we preach ? Believers must admit that God has blessed them, abundantly, in 'their basket and in their store,' and this not wholly for themselves, but that it might be increased in its value and in its blessings by diffusion among; men.