The Bible Class. Answers to Bible Question No. 5... Answers to Bible Question No. 5, published in March Manifesto. Which of all the Savior's promises contains the most comfort? Number of writers from Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., 37 : Canterbury, N. H., 15 : Enfield, N. H., 13: Enfield, Ct., 7: Groveland, N. Y., 7 : Hancock, Mass., 5 : Pleasant Hill, Ky., 3: Harvard, Mass., 2: Gloucester, Me., 1. Matt, xi., 28, has 34. Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. John xiv., 2 &amp; 3, has 11. In my Father's house are many mansions. I go to prepare a place for you. Matt, v., 7, has 7. Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. Matt, xxviii., 20, has 6. I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. John xiv., 4, has 4. And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know. But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send... But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the spirit of truth, which proceedeth from from the Father, he shall testify of me. John xv., 26. Eleanor De Graw In my Father's house are many mansions... In my Father's house are many mansions. I go to prepare a place for you. Jno. xiv., 2. Henry Mantle. And every one that hath forsaken houses or brethren... And every one that hath forsaken houses or brethren or sisters or father or mother or wife or children or lands for my names' sake, shall receive an hundred fold and shall inherit everlasting life. Matt, xix., 29. Harry E. Bell. Blessed are ye when men shall revile you... Blessed are ye when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Rejoice and he exceeding glad; for great is your reward in heaven; for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. Matt, v., 11, 12. Although all of the Savior's promises are equally comforting and necessary for our highest good and happiness, it is in times of trouble, when sufferiug under false accusations and bitter persecutions, as a result of doing our duty, that this blessed promise comes to us with ten-fold power. How many aching hearts have been comforted and sustained by it. To how many Christian martyrs it has given fortitude, and brought that peace of spirit that flows like a river. We all need hope and comfort but it is the sorrowing heart that needs it most. Fred Worthington. One of the most touching incidents in English history... One of the most touching incidents in English history is connected with these words. 'Come unto me, all ye that are weary and heavy laden, and I will give you rest.' Princess Elizabeth, daughter of King Charles I., died as a prisoner in Carlsbrook Castle, Isle of Wight. When the people made Cromwell protector, after beheading King Charles, she was put in prison in sight of the barred window where her father had been held. The little princess only read her Bible and gazed out of the window, day after day. A month after she had been brought to Carlsbrook, her attendants entered her room and found her Jying dead upon her bed. Her pale face lay upon an open book. It was her Bible, and it was open at this sweet text: 'Come unto Me, all ye that are weary and heavy laden, and I will give you rest.' Geneva M. Martin. To my mind the promise of 'Eternal life,' contains... To my mind the promise of 'Eternal life,' contains the most comfort; that is if we love and obey the Lord. Peter says, Lord, to whom shall we go, thou hast the words of 'eternal life.' There are many other passages in the New Testament which promise eternal life, if we are only faithful to keep his commandments. There is a great sacrifice to be made in order to gain eternal life. We are called to forsake father, mother, brother, sister, wife and children, and all that is related to the generative order, if we would obtain eternal life. W. W. Bellmire. BIBLE QUESTION. No. 6. Which are the two wisest Proverbs?