HISTORY OF THE CHURCH OF MT. LEBANON, N. Y. No. 10. EDUCATION. This subject may prove interesting to those who may read of the progressive steps taken by the Believers, in obtaining a good and substantial education. The first Elders, who came from England, were limited in their privileges, and could not secure for themselves the advantages'which are so much to be desired. On embracing the testimony of living truth, they became too deeply absorbed in their gospel mission, to turn aside for even that which was so desirable. Those, in this country, who embraced the faith, had only limited opportunities for an education, as was the case with the common people, generally. All the district schools were very deficient, and the people were in no condition to pay much attention to a more liberal education for their children, and for several years the subject was very much neglected. After the organization of the Community the children were provided for much better, and the common branches of education were taught very satisfactorily. In 1808 better privileges were secured for the pupils, and more attention was paid to the proper use of language. Evening schools were established and a good degree of interest manifested in support. These were open to any Brother or Sister who wished to attend. These schools were alternately opened and closed, as circumstances demanded. Sometimes they were in session only for a few weeks and then for a much longer term. In 1815 more attention was paid to education and the school was kept more regularly. The number of pupils had so increased in the several families that in 1817, a public school was opened for the benefit of all the children. This was formed on a plan known as the 'Lancasterian System.' The school was under the direction of the Church family, and the teacher was a member of their family. A session was held in the summer for the boys and in the winter for the girls. From thirty to sixty pupils attended each term. Considerable attention was given to reading, spelling, writing, geography, arithmetic and grammar, as well as to other miscellaneous in- struction. A special interest was manifested in 1830 in the formation of a Bible Class, in which recitations were made from Scripture, questions proposed and explanations made, to give a better understanding of these subjects and to promote the principles of virtue and morality. The public school moved along prosperously for about eighteen years, when in 1835 it was thought best to establish other district schools in the Community, and essentially lessen the burden of teaching. In 1831) a school-house was built, and since that date the school has been kept regularly summer and winter, each having a term of four months. The new house gave better accommodations to the pupils, and a commendable advancement was soon to be discovered throughout the whole school. Several other branches of education were added as essential to the general welfare, such as music, algebra, astronomy and agricultural chemistry. Our school, from the first, has been under the inspection of the S. S. C. of the town, and been governed by the same law as other districts. In our efforts to maintain a good school we have universally obtained the approbation of the Committee. BL ACKSMITHIXG. This was a very important and indispensable branch of business. Among those gathered, several were good workmen, and still continued in the business. They not only did all that the Believers needed, but accepted jobs from those not of the Community. At the same time they made axes, hoes, knives and clothiers' shears. Very little was done at iron work in the line of nice machinery, till 1793, when Benj. Bruce invented and made an ingenious machine for the setting of card teeth. Valuable improvements were made in 1800 by the introduction of a trip-hammer, although it would now be considered of an indifferent construction. In 1828 the first foot lathe was made and used for turning and drilling. A machine was built in 1846 which was very valuable for the gumming of saws, punching holes in heavy irons, &amp;c. These were followed by the manufacture of several engine lathes, to be propelled by water power. These greatly facilitated the iron work and contributed very much to the advancement of machinery. A new building was fitted up for the blacksmiths in 1846, having a water power sufficient for driving a triphammer, a large lathe and various forms of machinery, to answer the purpose of some four or five workmen. From the first there has been a gradual improvement in tools, conveniences, as well as in general machinery. In connection with this we refer to the business of making hammered or wrought and cut nails. For several years this was a profitable business, and a source of considerable income. These wrought nails were used in the coarser work while building, until the year 1812 when they were superseded by the cut nails. Wrought nails were also used as early as 1780 for shingling and lathing, but on the introduction of cut nails, soon after the organ- izatiou of the Community the wrought nails passed out of use. The machinery for cut nails, and the work of forming the heads by a hand hammer, employed not less than twelve persons and yielded a very profitable income. After a few years, nail factories were opened in different parts of the country, affording the nails so cheaply that the business became unprofitable for the Believers, and we closed the manufacture in the year 1830. Beside the usual work of a blacksmith, the Brethren made door trimmings, as hinges and handles, also cooking utensils, shovels and tongs and a great variety of articles in all the various departments. The great improvement that has been made in the manufacture of iron and steel, in its form and size, has relieved the blacksmiths from a great deal of laborious work with the hand hammer. (to be continued.)