Enfield, Conn. Mar. 1890. There is but little of interest to communicate at this season. The severe storms of rain and wind which prevail almost continuously, prevent outdoor business going on to much extent. In the field north of the barn a large washout has caused some work, as it uncovered the water pipes, a depth of four feet, and was a long distance badly washed. The wood houses are nearly filled with the yearly supply of wood. As yet no ice has been secured, but this month may bring a cold wave with ice upon its surface. There has been very little snow. Mar. 3rd. the ground is covered with snow three inches deep, and the air is cold and at freezing point. We hope the fruit trees may not be damaged by the sudden change. One of our orchards has been cut down, to be replaced by new trees, and different varieties. M. Witham. Spring comes but once a year and we must make the most of it. 'It is better to wear out than to rust out,' but there may be such a thing as too much work, as there may be too little thought. Better not till too much land. Stick to what can be done well. Concentration may be wiser than expansion. It is the quality of work that tells in the end, just as brain work tells better than muscle. What is the use of a brain if it is not exercised? To cultivate the land may not be 'the chief end of man,' but it was the first work given him to do, and that he might keep it in mind for all time, a promise was given him that seed-time should not fail. As he sows so shall he reap. Whole grain should be fed to fowls at night, because it is slowly digested and fills up the long interval between sunset and morning better than soft food. Early maturity in hens is of more importance than size or weight. If two hens are set the same day the broods can often be put into one, and save time and labor. Is not a hen's time worth something? Yellow fleshed fowls are the ones most sought for in the market. Milk is excellent food for liens. When thickened with wheat bran it is a nourishing diet for chickens. Roup, cholera and chicken-pox are three dreaded diseases. D. Orcutt.