FORGIVENESS. Andrew Barrett. There is no Christian virtue more necessary to be kept in exercise than the spirit of forgiveness. As we are all human, born into the world with a nature prone to*evil, we must expect to be tried on all points by the opposing elements of good. When such trials and conditions come, which they surely will, in the course of things, then is the time to bring into exercise this noble spirit of forgiveness. What is more exalting in an individual, when they see their faults, than to have enough of the true spirit of Christ to acknowledge them ? What heart is so hard or feelings so cold that can withhold from a Brother or Sister, this beautiful spirit, who knowingly have in an unguarded hour dropped a careless word which has wounded the good spirit in a companion. Seeing his fault he comes with a penitent spirit acknowledging the wrong. In an unguarded hour I was overcome by a wrong spirit which led me to speak hard words to you. CJpon reflection I see I am wrong and now 1 have come to make reconciliation, and ask your forgiveness. With this spirit in an individual he will never rest until every debt is cancelled. Like the apostle John, who by his preaching had gained a very noble spirit to the faith, (Polycarp,) after being an earnest worker for a time in the Christian cause, turned therefrom and joined a band of robbers. John hearing of the failure of his disciple, went in search of him ; and it is said, followed him to the robbers' camp and found hiin captain of the band. The robber recognized John and falling upon his knees before the apostle, implored his forgiveness. John, whose noble soul was always full of this spirit, stretched forth his hands and took him again into his affection and love. A worthy example for imitation. Truly, this brings home the injunction of our Savior, not only seven times but seventy times seven, 490 times. This to the understanding mind would seem impossible for an individual to be offended so many times. But Jesus in all his sayings was governed by great wisdom. He knew the impossibility of being offended so many times, but to show the necessity of forgiveness he made the remark. Ayer, Mass.