EARNEST MEDITATION. Adaline Wells. While thinking of our most beautiful gospel relation, many sweet memories are called forth, of happy times and of many instances of true parental care by those who were my tutors and gospel parents. In obedience to their counsel I found comfort and peace. There are many places and conditions which we must pass through, where Ave might falter by the way, if we are without the aid of those who are our best friends. The way of the pure is the only one in which we can overcome the enemy of our souls ; and may we, in the trials of our daily life, unfalteringly stand the test and be able to say and feel, 'Not my will, but thine O God.' It is the little trials we meet that will prove us. Can I love those who, I think, do not love me? And yet Ave must learn to bear and forbear and try to do as we Avish others to do by us. This is the gospel of the cross, and it teaches us to curb our selfish nature and live for the higher life; having an open and justified conscience before God and man. While in this state of mind we may be sure of the1 promise of our Heavenly Father, 'I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee.' Through an experience of many years I have known this precious promise to be true, and can say as one in the Bible has testified, 'I have been young, and now I am old : yet have I not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread.' Psa. xxxvii., 25. 1 would ask those who are now young, in our Zion home to meditate upon this subject. What motive could an}' one have in consecrating his wrhole life to God and his people ; enduring tribulation and sacrifice, if not to do good to humanity, and offer to others that which God ha&amp; so abundantly provided for us ? Indeed, this must be the only motive. All are subject to temptations and to the desire for self-pleasure, or the pleasures of a worldly life; but the blessing AA'hich we have found in the life of righteousness, we want that others should share Avith us. We feel as did king David, when he said, 'O God, thou hast taught me from my youth ; and I have declared thy Avondrous works, andnoAv, O God, forsake me not, until I have declared thy strength unto this generation, and thy power, and loving-kindness to everyone that is to come.' Psa. lxxi., 17. Union Village, 0.