Right Direction of Mind, and its greatest Progress. E. P. Sevester. The first step we have to take, to make any progress at all in the right direction of mind, as I view it, is well to come down from the high plane of nature, from the lofty hills of pride and vain-glory, we have to feel as little children, who know nothing and have to learn much. If a man thinks he knows it all and is able to do everything it will prevent him to enlarge his mind, to be benefited by the knowledge of others. In fact the really great and wise men and women of all ages, those who hnve been bright stars to enlighten the people, giving every branch of science and art a new start and great improvement, these are the most humble and meek, feeling that they only know very little. Because acquiring knowledge, they perceive what an immense field of information there is before them to cultivate their minds. Beethoven, the great composer of music, who has been a bright star in the world of music, said on his deathbed : 'Now I begin to see what can be done in music.' He had a great misfortune to bear, being deaf, all around him were delighted through his compositions, while he himself, being surrounded by a gloomy silence could not enjoy the fruits of his labors. Milton, the great poet, was blind; he dictated his sublime poem. 'Paradise Lost,' to his daughter. Newton, the great astronomer, who traced the stars in their courses in the heavens, discovering new stars and planets, testified feeling himself as a little child, just beginning to learn. Such great and noble minds ascended a great elevation on the mountain of knowledge, but this gave them only a better idea of the loftiness of the summit. We may progress, progress greatly perhaps in every branch of science, art and literature, we may be very learned, heaping learning upon learning, and yet not be in the right direction of mind. If we are unable to make a proper and immediate use of our knowledge, all the time, spent to obtain so much knowledge, is lost and it will prove useless, a dead weight that weighs us down to earth, to earthly elements. Yea, the very things we have taken so much pains to acquire will prove a hindrance, an encumbrance to the mind to make progress in the right direction, a useful and honorable member of society. There are many who have drank deep from out the fountain of science, but in the most common actions of life they are entirely ignorant, in their sphere of action, or discussing with them sublime subjects, yea, there they are masters of the field, displaying a powerful intellect. But, ah! if the rough storms of life throw them out of their common course, if they meet misfortunes and are obliged to work (which is a great blessing) with their hands to obtain a livelihood, what use, what benefit is for them all their learning? They know everything except how to use their hands how to make themselves useful. Spencer, (Henry) the great Educator of the people, urges that the girls shall be taught at school the different household duties, and the boys one or another trade according to their taste. In the Middle-Ages great attention ^vas paid to the development of the body, at the neglect of the mind, and at present the mind is developed, crammed full of knowledge, at the expense of the body. However I believe the best knowledge is well, how to serve God, if I know this and bring it iuto practice in my everyday life, carry it out in my daily deportment, I shall be useful to all around me. ; We have received in some measure talents, some many, others less, not all are bright suns, but there are planets ai.nd moons, that receive their light from the sun; God in his Wisdom has chosen comparatively a few men and womeu, and prepared them to shine as bright stars and to diffuse their rays of light all around them for the delight, comfort and benefit of their fellow beings. We are responsible for the talents God has blessed us with, we must use them well and in God's service and for his glory, doing all the good we can. Voltaire, the French poet and philosopher, was a bright, shining light, but he was an infidel, an unbeliever, mocking and rendering ridiculous all that is sacred to the sincere and devoted heart. With his extraordinary talents and eloquence he did much harm to many, who found their only hope and consolation in the Christian religion, while on the other hand if he had used his talents in the right direction, he might have been a blessing to many. And besides him there are many, blessed with many gifts, but using them wrongly, and giving away to their carnal appetites, sinking deep in sin and becoming so many devils of darkness, while they could and should have been angels of light. I pray God that I may be able to keep my holy Faith, not to make ship-wreck of my faith in God and his gospel of salvation, that I may be able to do God's will and what is well-pleasing in his sight, that I may gain purity of heari, and purity of mind. By so doing I shall become more and more worthy of the manifold blessings with which I am surrounded. If I bend my whole soul to know how to serve, how to please, how to love God, and carry this into effect, certainly I shall not leave any room in my mind for evil thoughts, but God will send ministering angels to minister to the needs of my soul, to teach me how to overcome sin in myself, to build me up, to guide and direct me in the way of holiness, to protect me from harm, to shield me from my own evil, wicked and perverse nature. Sonyea, N. Y.