Dear Children:--'Fear God and keep his commandments... Enfield, Ct. 1890. Dear Children :''Fear God and keep his commandments.' The true fear of God is not to be understood in the sense of terror nor slavish droad. Good people possess the true fear of God, but the bad do not. The true fear of God is perfectly consistent witli true love; you can cherish this^ar, and yet love God, as did Jesus and the Apostles. 'The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.' It is the highest kind of wisdom. Job's language agrees precisely with this: 'Behold, the fear of the Lord, that is wisdom, and to depart from evil, is understanding.' The fear of the Lord is to hate evil, and those who do this will have great spiritual prosperity. 'Wisdom is profitable to direct.' 1 'With conscience clear, you have no fear.' Where humility is there is wisdom. Humility is a beautiful ornament, and very much you need it. Be early wise and shun the pitfalls of sin. Strive for the crown unfading. In wisdom's path ever abide, spotless, blameless, purified. Guard your virtue as the 'pearl of great price.' Only by unremitting watchfulness can your innocence be protected. You often feel the greatest security when you are in the greatest danger.. Watch and pray, day by day. Better acknowledge your faults than try to conceal them. Improve the flying moments and your lives will be filled with good deeds. What saintly characters you meet as you journey along'! Walk in their footsteps. So live that others may imitate your example and be virtuous. The making the best use of the talent you have, instead of wasting time in sighing for what you have not, is wisdom in the highest degree. Think of the parable of the talents. How frequently the beautiful lesson is veri fled. To those who improve the one little talent will other talents be given. What an easy lesson to learn. 'Little by little, a wise youth said, As each day more wisdom he stored in his Little by little in virtue he grew, [head. Learning each day to be pure and true.' Your Brother, Daniel Orcutt.