Groveland, N. Y. When all other subjects fail, 'We're sure the weather will prevail; There is of it a boundless source To live we must have it, of course. For thirty-one days March has followed in the ways and by-ways of its three distinguished predecessors. December, January and February, distinguished for what? Not for ice and not for snow, Not for wint'ry storms we know, But for absence of Jack Frost, March has many a rough road crossed. Through the timely suggestion of Elder Alexander, several barrels of water were poured on the pond during the ice formation, which resulted in the yielding of ice to the thickness of three and one-half to four inches. The morning of the tenth ult. was the most fortunate for harvesting it. We secured at that time nearly twenty tons of clear solid ice; the work had to be performed rapidly, for as the sun rose higher its rays grew hotter, diminishing perceptibly the work of previous days. So ended at noon (of the same day) our ice harvest for this Spring. Could we have looked into the future far enough to have seen what the weather for at day would have bgen, we should have made wiser calculations, and dedicated Sunday for one of the days for gathering ice, bu* we did not foresee, so instead of gathering ice, we gathered together and went to meeting, and ever since have been lamenting over 'spilled milk,' or rather we should have said lamenting over thawed ice. If the Summer's cold equals the Winter's heat we may find sufficient opportunity during the coming season to furnish ice for another winter. While many of our neighbors and friends far and near have been harboring 'Russian Grippe'' for the past three months, we at Groveland Liv. Co., N. Y., have escaped it in every form. Not one case of the despised Grippe has been known in our Society. Here is one of the wonderful advantages Groveland climate has over many other portions of this vast planet. Let all who value good health locate in this town. For of all the climates man may test Groveland atmosphere's the best, From East to West, from North to South, In time of flood, or time of drouth 'Tis ever healthful, restful here. For that Elixir called Good Cheer Drives in the distance ills and woes, And in its stead good health it shows. 'Twill mind and body and spirits renew, Dear Editor, please just try it, will you? With our newly authorized gardener Br. Jerome Garvey we have no fears of going hungry for the delicious fruits and vegetables he is now arranging and devising to raise for home disposal. Old Egypt can never boast of such perfect leeks and onions as our young resolute garden manager will produce. With Excelsior for his motto we shall look for unheard of wonders to be developed from the 'Vegetable Kingdom' sometime in the far away, or near at hand future. Our School closed its Winter term on the 27th. ult. No. of scholars recorded, 13. Punctuality, regular attendance, good order, and thoroughness in all lessons have been the leading characteristics of the school. Wishing all the readers and non-readers of the Manifesto, and readers of every other good and perfect work a ''Happy April first,' we will closte our talks with you for this month and next May we will tell you more about home surroundings, more about what we have left untold this time. In the intervene we shall think of you all, and wish for you all much health and happiness. G. D. G.