ECCLESIASTICAL CONTENTIONS. Sophia Wayne. What means this news of all these great conventions Of ministers, to settle Church contentions, That grow from time to time; Do they not know that all the creeds of man Cannot destroy the great Creator's plan? He works by laws divine. Then whats the use of making such pretense Of numerous creeds not having common sense, Why not remain in peace? For other ministers will have their say, And so it will go on from day to day, And strife will never cease. For Presbyterians claim that their elect, Are only those who really may expect To be the good and true. The Baptists claim immersion is the plan, Through it must come the saving power of man, And nothing else will do. The Episcopalians tell us that we must Return to earth to seek our forms in dust, Till Gabriel's trump shall sound. We may live gaily till our latest hour, We then must claim the all-atoning power To gain the happy ground. The Roman Catholics give their people hope, Providing, that they venerate the Pope, As one divinely born. Oh ye who claim to practice Christian deeds, What need have you to follow senseless creeds , That are but empty sounds? Why should you try to judge the Ruling Power? How will you feel when in the latest hour You find yourselves mistaken? Learn to rely on Him who reigns above, Know that his judgments are combined with love, His laws cannot be shaken. We know the loving Mother of our faith, And trust Her mercy in the hour of death, And feel we are assured That if we earn that hope, we'll surely find A j idgment just&gt; with pitying love combined, And heaven will be secured. Then let us leave contention as a blight, To those who argue that the wrong is right, And follow senseless creed; Adopt the glorious faith so good and true : Our conscience tells us what we ought to do, And that is all we need. For we are taught that by the golden law We gain our passage to the happy shore, To mingle with the blest. O trust the righteous One who reigns above; Remember heaven's first laws are those of love, Then all your fears will rest. Ballston Spa. 8ar. Co,,N. Y.