Why Instrumental music should not be used in our spiritual meetings for worship among Believers. Daniel Offord. 1. Because all instruments are soulless machines, and, to introduce them into our spiritual worship, would have, with us, as with the outside churches, a decided tendency to a dead formality. 2. Because, in a large degree it would prevent the exercise of the lesser abilities that are needed, and which would die if there were no opportunity of exercising them. 3. In a Believer's meeting, every soul should be reached; touched by the Holy Spirit; this is often done through the medium of song, rendered by the unscientific singer, because such singer has a soul, and is in union with the Heavens ; and by opening his mouth in song, opens the spiritual avenues whereby all are blest. 4. Because it would tend to build up the pride of the player, and the ambition of the few singers, which had better be mortified, even by unscientific singing, than to grow proud in the House of God. 5. Because instrumental music is, in every way, inferior to vocal music. 6. God is only worshiped in spirit, and in truth. Vocal music, rendered by soul cultured human beings, breathes the spirit of truth which others can feel, while instrumental music covers imperfections which should be revealed. 7. There is no objection to music, the most perfect that science cau give, being sung in our meetings, think it might be profitable to the whole congregation to listen, provided the singers were in a Gospel travel, under the influence of our pure and holy faith, wThich mortifies the worldly elements of pride, ambition, and vain glory. But, if the singers are not consecrated to the Gospel Cause, and pride and vanity are not under a good degree of mortification, it were better to exercise in a gift of shaking, than to listen to such singing; it would be more profitable. 8. Because Believers should be transformed from the world, especially in the form, and manner, pertaining to the worship of God. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.