Reasons for objecting to Instrumental music in the worship of Believers. Martha J. Anderson. 1. It is inimical to the spirit of our worship, as it tends to formality, and deadness of spirituality. 2. It would lessen individual responsibility to contribute to the inspiration and interest of the service; and we would soon lapse into mere lifeless forms. 3. It would incline to foster pride and ambition in those who played and sang. 4. There would be a tendency to class and caste, and the monopolization of the singing by a few, as no one would feel liberty to sing only what the choir had selected, and there would be no impromptu songs, in unison wiih any special ministration in the speaking, consequently, many would miss the beautiful soul uplifting influences, that come through the gift of soul-full expression in simple song. 5. The introduction of outside church music would soon supersede the singing of plain melody, and there would be a suspension of all exercise in our meetings. 6. As congregational singing gives all who have voice or talent, a part, and conserves the community spirit of union, and Christian fellowship, should we not continue to improve in it with simplicity, discarding the instrument, only as a help iu our practicing meetings, or, for social gatherings ? 7. Feeling a genuine interest in the gift of singing, and desiring vocal improvement for all, as the basis of soulfull, harmonious and acceptable singing, we would prefer the cultivation of the voice in as perfect a manner as possible, rather than introduce instrumental music in our assemblies for worship, as it inclines to cover the voice anjd renders the words unintelligible to the listeners, and annoys, with a lack in expression of sentiment. Let us 'sing with the spirit and understanding also ' training ourselves to utterance proper, that the body of the assembly may be edified and blest, with the sweet ministration of song. We are called to be a living people, and, if we draw our inspiration from the Heavnns, whence the fountain of undying melody gushes forth, we shall receive, through this medium, a power that shall satisfy our souls, and uplift us to the sphere of pure delight, where we shall feel a union and relation to tve angelic choirs whose songs are the outflow of redeeming life, and spiritualized emotion. Then we shall not feel the need of instrumental aid, to quicken our aspirations, or express our worshipful feelings. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.