HISTORY OF THE CHURCH OF MT. LEBANON, N. Y. No. 12. The Tailors. Fortunately for the Society an experienced workman was accepted as a member, who was able to do the cutting, and take charge of the making of most of the garments. The manager, David Slosson, accepted several apprentices, and some of these after becoming proficient in the business were sent to other Societies to assist them in the same line of business. These early teachers had but few, if any, rules in printed form, and the apprentice was obliged to acquire his knowledge by observation. In 1825 the tailors began to work more by a system of rules, and since that date many marked improvements have been made. GARMENTS. The early Believers accepted the simple, plain form of dress that prevailed among the common people of the world, and laid down no rules that should govern the Societies in this respect. The first American converts were extremely varied in the form, color and quality of their garments, but as they became more associated and united they inclined more to a uniformity, and were influenced largely by the manners of the first Elders. After the organizing of the Church the uniformity of dress became a matter of much more consequence, and they adopted for the Sabbath, a dark blue coat, with a cape that came up to the neck, and lay upon the shoulders. Cuffs to the sleeves were six inches long. Pockets were cut at the waist and a large lid covered the horizontal pocket. The front edge of the coat was nearly straight, having some six or eight buttons of an inch in diameter, and button-holes three inches long. One half of these were for ornament and no place was cut through the cloth. On the back of the coat, at the lower extremity of each side seam, was a large double fold or plait, taking about three inches of cloth and folded twice. At the waist, on the back, was a large 'square stitching' three or four inches long, and about one fourth as wide, and a button at the head of each fold, and another button at the bottom of the skirt, which came a few inches below the knee. The vest was from the same cloth, the waist falling a little below the natural waist. The skirts were about seven or eight inches long. In front these were cut off to an angle of about forty-five degrees, from a point at the lower button. In the back, the skirt was divided into two sections, which overlapped each other one or more inches. The whole of the vest was made from the same piece of cloth. If the front was broadcloth the back would be of the same quality. A row of twelve buttons were arranged in front, and large pocket lids were set to the waist line. The lower garment, especially for the Sabbath and for journeys, was black-lasting breeches which ended a little below the knee, these being supplemented by long black stockings. A row of four buttons ornamented the suit at the knee, while the breeches and stockings were secured in their proper places by a strap and a large brass buckle just below the knee in front. As the sleeves of the shirts were made large and very long, a blue silk ribbon, under the name of 'sleeve tie' was fastened around the arm just above the elbow to secure them in place when the coat was laid aside. The covering for the neck was called a ;'Stock.' This was made of some very stiff material about two and one half or three inches wide and covered with white or blue silk, and fastened by a buckle on the back of the neck. The white stocks were generally worn on the Sabbath, and were considered a part of the uniform, while the blue were for more common use. In 1810 the white stocks gave place to white cotton, linen or silk neckkerchiefs which are used more or less at the present date. (1858) The wearing of stocks was the general custom of the da}? and many of the portraits painted at that time will give a much clearer impression of the style. The hats were made of fur or wool, with low crowns, about four inches high and brims five or more inches wide. These generally were colored black. The form of the hat has undergone some slight changes during the past forty years, and the crown now measures about five inches deep and the brim four or four and one half inches. The children generally wear caps. The shoes were made of calf-skin and fastened with straps and shoe buckles. The foregoing was generally termed the 'Sunday Suit,' and was preserved in the Society as quite necessary for several years. For more common use, trowsers generally were worn, especially when engaged in manual labor, but the cloth was of a poorer quality and colored with a cheap dye. Surtouts and great coats were made for those who needed extra garments .while on their journeys. The same provision was made for boots, overshoes, socks and mittens. Gloves were seldom seen. This form of dress continued in use, without change till the year 1805. The Society was now resting on a more permanent foundation, and had been blessed with an experience of some eighteen years. From the first the Believers had been studying the advantages to be derived from the principle of Christian economy and utility, in all that pertained to a life in the Community. At this date, the breeches and long stockings were laid aside on the Sabbath and the plain trowsers were substituted in their place. For several years, however, after this proposed change, individuals might occasionally be seen, who were on a journey, dressed as formerly, with long stockings, and with highly polished knee and shoe buckles. (to be continued.)