Enfield, Conn. May 5, 1890. Lovely spring has again returned, and is bringing its beauties forth. The cherry and plum trees are in full bloom. The garden is also in a prosperous condition. As I sit by my window I can count fifteen rows of peas, twelve rows of onions, three rows of spinach, and one row of radishes from two to four inches high. Potatoes are coming up rapidly. It is a busy season for all who are able to work, both Brethren and Sisters. The renovating of buildings has progressed well so far. Without notice we found one of our cellars with three feet of water in it. An Edson pump was applied by three men fours hours, and pumped out fifteen thousand gallons of clear water. It was then found the well had received an accession, water flowing in at a rapid rate about two feet from the top. Whether this is a living spring or merely surface water is at present undetermined; if the former it might be utilized to raise our cream without ice, although we were fortunate in filling both ice-houses in March. Our busy Brethren find it a vexatious delay to stop in their great hurry to make a drain; it may eventually pay for all the trouble however. Man should subdue the forces of nature to make them serve him. Isn't that his destiny ? 'Happy the man who foils an envious elf And turns the darts of spleen to serve himself.' We are selling our cream to the Somers' Creamery; have had a twelve can Cooley creamery for the past year, the past month have added another of six cans to supply present needs. M. Witham. No time to lose now. Nature is springing to her work, and so must we. Day by day brings with it the round of duties that do so much to sweeten life. Let us plan to till less ground and do it better. Do no more than we can do well. Thrift comes from just that kind of work, so let us do our best. Weeds grow just where we don't want them. They live on the food of plants. If the land is rich, they draw hard on it with their rank growth. Plant food costs a great deal of time and money. We bny it at a high cost. We must not be robbed of it by plants that we do not want. Tares, whether in the field or in the heart, are the most easily subdued when they first spring up. Grass is the great crop with us. More grass will keep more stock, more stock will give us more plant food, more plant food will keep up the land and give us some crop to sell. Fowls should not be fed day after day en the same diet. To keep them in the best condition requires a change. They will eat nearly all kinds of food and there is no reason why their tastes should not be consulted, especially as they thrive best on a varied diet. D. Orcutt.