Books and Papers. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for June has in its Contents, Dr. Joseph Hurford, the veteran Phrenologist; Studies from Lavater; Notable People of the Day, with illustrations of Major Gen. Crook and Thomas Dixon, Jr. Practical Phrenology; Sketches of Phrenological Biography, with a portrait of George Combe; Child Culture, with articles on Being in the Right; Natural Training; Children of Arabia; Education as an Investment and Little Stomachs. Science of Health, etc., etc. Fowler and Wells Co., 775 Broadway, N. Y. The Nationalist The Nationalist, for June has Birth of Industrial Co-operation; The Dismal Science; Ambition the Ruling Incentive; The Southern Question; The Mask of Hypocrisy; Nationalism and Personal Liberty; Our Destiny, etc., etc. The Nationalist Educational Association, 77 Boylston St. Boston, Mass. Religio-Philosophical Journal Every reader of Col. Bundy's valuable paper, the Religio-Philosophical Journal, will appreciate the improved changes that have been made in its form, as well as in the beautifully, neat appearance of the whole paper by the acceptance of a 'fine, new dress.' As an able and fearless advocate in the spiritualistic field, the Journal comes to us as a welcome friend. It is a knowledge of the truth of spiritualism that we appreciate and the man who gives that to his readers is a benefactor to the race. The Ladies' Home Journal MODERN CHANGES IN LITERATURE. The working author, he whose ink is bread, recognizes more than ever before the commercial side of literature as a most potent factor in his work, says a writer in The Ladies' Home Journal. There was a time, and not so long ago, when authors could write for pleasure, when competition was not so keen, and their productions were certain of acceptance in certain channels. Everything they wrote was acceptable because they wrote it, upon the argument that they had cut out for themselves a certain constituency which hailed anything from their pen, good, bad and indifferent. Two or three authors often constituted the resources of a magazine. All this has changed. No writer, however strong or popular, can carry the subscription list of a magazine in his or her pocket. Variety is the order of the day. The magazine which gives the greatest variety in a, single issue is the one most bought and enjoyed. 'I do not care for amagazine,' saidaliterary woman recently, 'in which I know before j open its pages, exactly what writers I shall find in it,' and in that remark lies the key to the modern literary taste. One beneficial effect which this tendency is undoubtedly having, is the doing away with cliqueism in periodical literature. In fact, it cannot be truthfully said of one prominent magazine to-day, as it could as late as a year ago, that it is 'cliquey.' Editors fully recognize the necessity of continually presenting a different array of writers, and thereby securing a variety of style and thought. To the old writers who have been accustomed for years to write for a single periodical this new order of things is disastrous in one respect, but for the whole school of modern writers it is a decided advantage. The Anti-Infidel Library The Anti-Infidel Library. This is a serial issue of live, vigorous pamphlets, issued by H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass., dealing with modern infidelity in a most readable and trenchant style. The numbers contain from 32 to 160 pages, bound in strong manilla covers, as durable as cloth, costing 5, 10, 15, 20, and 25 cents each. The whole library is sent to any address for f 2.50, and will furnish sufficient equipment with which not only to meet the ordinary assaults of skeptics, but also to carry the war into Africa, and give infidels something to think of which they never thought about before. These publications have the heartiest commendations of leading ministers and laymen of all denominations throughout the English-speaking world.