THE LAW OF COMPENSATION. Hamilton De Graw. 'Though the mills of God grind slowly, Yet they grind exceeding small.' Throughout the universe of mind and matter we see this law operating. Whatsoever communities or individuals sow, that they must reap.' To be able to predict that if a man sow wheat he will reap wheat would not be considered wonderful; but to highly spiritualized minds the gift of prophecy or discernment is as plainly understood. The law of cause and effect comes in operation, this law is so vast in extent of time when the whole race of man is considered that only the most prophetic minds are able to discern its uufoldment. Witness the evolution of the race that was necessary before the one that we rejoice to call Mother could bring to the understanding of man a realization of the truth of her mission. But centuries before, prophetic souls peering into the future of the race as the astronomer is able to view the formation of worlds, declared, (in the coming time,) there would be a wonder in the earth, 'a woman shall compass a man.' The discordant elements in the human soul by their din have silenced for a time the ever present voice that is telling them that 'not in the earthquake or thunder do we realize the highest unfolding of the spirit, but in the still small voice.' Up the hill of progression humanity is toiling, not by direct ascent, but by a circuitous route coming at times almost to the point of starting but a little higher. This accounts for the apparent retrogression of the race, but not so, the soul enshrouded in darkness is constantly striving for the light. The dark ages when science in Europe was almost smothered by the false ideas of life that prevailed at the time, was a struggle of the races to reach a higher vantage ground. It was the earthquake and the thunder that appalled and fascinated ; the voice of science was then heard but feebly, until out of the discordant elements there was evolved better conditions for its unfoldment. Witness the intense activity that is displayed in all branches of material improvement; since the dawn of history such rapid strides have not taken place as in the last one hundred years. We are now commencing an era of spiritual unfoldment of the race, those illuminated souls that through prayer and labor laid the foundations of the spiritual temple firm and strong, and passed on to spirit life, are now compensated for their labors. They are still with us though unseen, ministering angels bearing the record of truth to souls who have left the decaying forms of lifeless theology, and are reaching out in prayer for power to live more acceptably to the holy spirit. We are not as a forlorn hope struggling against forces that are overcoming us, but as an 'army with banners' we are marching on, with an assurance that truth will eventually triumph over error. We are thankful to be counted worthy to be one of the least of those who have given all, even their own life that they may inherit a home in the resurrection and prove to the world the superiority of that spiritual relationship where as Brothers and Sisters we can enjoy sweet and holy communion, enshrouded in peace, and where naught that defileth or maketh a lie can enter upon God's holy mountain. Sonyea, N. Y.