In Remembrance of ELDRESS HARRIET STORER. Averill Copley. The morning dawned, we awoke to find That death in the absence of light, Had taken a dear one while we slumbered and slept, He dared but venture as a thief in the night. Death ! what is i; we feel when speaking of this? We shudder with something akin to dread, We need not, just look at our Mother She sleepeth ; is surely not dead Dead! Ah nay, her spirit has flown to heaven's own clime, Where her friends and companions have gone, Who rejoice now to meet this one of their own With welcome's kind greeting in song. Our loved one who has crossed the dark river of death Has long in the heat of the day, Borne a burden of care in all phases of life Unflinching in duty alway. The portals of heaven are now opened wide, Her entrance is hailed with great joy, The mansion she's labored so long to prepare The troubles of earth can never destroy. She couldn't qiite say 'not my will righteous God' But thine to a fulness be done, For she loved life ; asked just a little more time Still, she knew that her hour must soon come. We feel she will often return unto us With blessings from heaven's own shrine, Hence bow in submission to God's righteous will And feed on those treasures divine, [part Although it is hard with our loved ones to Still their livt-s consecrated we view, As emblems of purity, faith, hope and trust, They are patterns of godliness true, [time The youth may this guide safely follow in And on yonder bright shore they will find, A substance enduring for every toil, If unto Christ's yoke they're resigned. Hark! I almost can head* the heavenly band Their welcome in triumph resound, While they banish with gladness every fear With comfort and cheer they surround. We leave thee dear Sister with blessing and trust That your future on yonder shore be A life one of gladness of hope love and joy, To a fulness we ask this for thee. Now shall we adieu to our dear one repeat? While death and the grave claim their own, A sheaf fully ripened the Angels receive As they welcome the traveler home. ( Enfield, Conn.