WHAT IS CHRISTIANITY? Ida A. Thomas. True Christianity is self-denial. What is self-denial? It is the denying one's self of all those things that are self-pleasing to the natural man or woman Christianity combines all virtue and all virtue springs from selfdenial. All are prone to err, yet by daily striving to overcome the evil of our nature we are gaining, be it ever so little at a time, control of the lower nature. No human being was ever born into the world perfect, as we all inherit that game nature, some under more favorable circumstances than others, still the same nature controls all. Then it remains with each individual especially those with enlightened minds, those that have felt and prov?d the goodness of God, to make themselves fit receptacles for true Christian virtue by subduing the natural will and being governed and guided by God's holy law. Truly we have not the right to our own personality for that belongs to God, unless in consecration we yield in obedience to his laws. Are we not dependent on our Maker for our very existence? Man could not make a spear of grass or a grain of corn grow without the goodness of God, and we would not know how to appreciate his goodness if we were not endowed with intelligence which gives us the understanding of these things. God indeed is great and mighty, his blessings are bestowed on all humanity. Think of the liberality, the justness and the mighty power of his understanding. God's ways are the ways of wisdom. But you say we never see God. But oh! how often are we in his presence and little do we know or feel the power of his mighty judgment. Only as we knowingly and understandingly come before Him at the throne of grace and lay the burden of our souls before Him, can we feel the great power of his love. Seemingly in a worldly sense God is forgotten in our prosperity and we stop not to consider whence cometh all these blessings. But it is in affliction's dark hour that our sense is turned to God in prayer for deliverance. It is then God directs and points the way saying, 'all ye that are weary and heavy laden come unto me and I will bring peace and rest to your souls' In affliction God is with us as in prosperity, we are made to feel it if we draw nigh unto Him in prayer for He is our surest and truest friend. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.