HISTORY OF THE CHURCH OF MT. LEBANON, N. Y. No. 13. In 1806 blue coats and vests began to give place to the steel-mixed, and this latter was adopted as the uniform color. Among the reasons for discontinuing the 'blue' was partly on account of the expense of the Indigo, and the labor of making the garments. Trowsers for winter use were made of woolen cloth or of serge. For summer, Sabbath uniform, the trowsers were of linen or checked cotton, blue and white. Garments for manual labor were generally of tow cloth. Another radical change was made in 1810 when the gray was laid aside and the coats and vests were made of drab-colored cloth. The form of the coat was also changed quite essentially. The double folds of the skirt were set aside, and a single fold adopted. The front edge was cut more circling, and fell back at the bottom of the skirt, some four inches. The pocket lids of the coats and vests instead of being cut with two scallops and leaving a point in the center, were cut with a curve on the lower, parallel with the upper edge. A collar of about one and one-half inches wide, was added to the coat. This was made upright. Over this was a cape that extended to the edge of the shoulder. All the buttons and button-holes were now omitted, and for the fastenings of the coat in front, two or three pairs of 'hooks and eyes' were substituted. The vests were cut shorter in front, and the skirts reduced to correspond more closely with the height of the person, which made the medium length about seven inches. By adopting the use of suspenders a slight change was made in the form of the trowsers, which had been, to this date, so formed at the waist as to hold themselves in place without any other aid. Shoe buckles were laid aside, and strings of leather or cloth were used instead. For several years the trowsers for uniform on the Sabbath in summer were colored with nutgall, but in 1820 these gave place to garments made of cotton, striped blue and white. In 1832, the drab vest, which had been largely in use since 1810, was partially displaced by the introduction of a fine blue. While this color was generally used in the summer, the drab was retained for use in the winter. Blue seems to have been a favorite color for summer, and in 1854 they obtained a delicate, fine article of light blue, that was of foreign manufacture. For winter use the blue was laid aside in 1840 and drab was established as the uniform color for vests, and continued to be used till 1854, when blue was again introduced. From 1813 to 1840 the surtouts and great coats were made of drab-colored cloth, manufactured by the Society, then a finer quality of cloth was purchased and used till 1847 when a steel-mixed again was introduced. THE FORM OF DRESS WORN BY WOMEN AT THE DATE OF THE ORGANIZATION of the Society. Many persons wore short gowns with short sleeves. These were made of light-colored, striped cotton. The stripes went around the sleeves, but lengthwise on the body of the dress. The waist extended to the hips, while the dress reached a few inches below the knees. For more common use the short gowns reached only some eight or ten inches below the waist. Over the dress in front, was worn a checked apron, about one and one half yards wide, cut circling at the top and gathered to about two feet in width. A white binding of an inch went across the upper edge which terminated in white tape-strings that were tied in front with a double bow. These aprons were an inch shorter than the dress or about two inches from the floor. Homespun linen was largely used till the year 1800, when the Sisters learned to card and spin fine cotton, and were able to manufacture their own dresses, aprons and kerchiefs. The extended dress, or dress worn under the short gown, was generally black and fell to within one inch of the floor. After several years the black was partially laid aside and garments of blue were introduced. In 1811, the long outer dresses were adopted for summer and winter use, by all classes. Black silk shoulder kerchiefs were worn for many years, when they gave place to fine, white lawn or linen, that were manufactured in the Society. In 1818 drab colored silk neck kerchiefs were used. Subsequently, some very beautiful silk kerchiefs were made by the Believers in the western and southern states. For winter use the dress reached quite to the floor. These were made with two box plaits in the rear part of the skirt, and from these single plaits, of one-half inch in width, extended to a line from under the arm, where they met the plaits from the front part of the dress. The waist of these dresses extended several inches below the natural waist, and ended in a point on the back. Under the dress was a bodice, agreeably to the prevailing custom. These were abandoned in 1811. The sleeves 'ended just below the elbow, and were supplemented by plaited cuffs. Blue and white checked aprons were largely used and blue cotton neck kerchiefs ; these last were finished with two or three white borders, about three-eighths wide and one-half inch apart. On the head the Sisters wore a fine lawn or linen cap. They were formed by plaiting and gathering, to adjust them to the head. These were trimmed in front with a border of open-work, one inch wide. Tape was passed through the back hem of the cap, and brought forward, then over the head, and return to terminate in a bow knot behind. Muslin was used in the Society in 1806 and made into caps, and also into kei'chiefs. Collars with a cape attached were worn in 1810, but previous to this date the neck kerchief only was used. Girls on accepting a head-dress have generally arranged the hair under a net woven for that purpose. The form of the caps changed quite essentially in 1819. A border in front of about three inches in width, made of leno, was attached to the cap and considered very beneficial. (to be continued.)