INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC. Anna White. 'Man is a harp of a thousand strings, Touch the spiritual chord of his heart, And lo, with what inspiration he sings, Unaided by science, unskilled in art, 'Tis the voice of God in his soul that sings And is more than a harp of a thousand strings.' A question arises among a certaiu class of utibelievers, Why is it that Shakers object to insti-umental music in their religious worship? A query which is very readily answered, and, we think, may be satisfactorily received. We are called to be a peculiar people, separate and distinct from the world, in dress, in manners, and in language. Instrumental music is not peculiar, it is commou. With this call comes a peculiar form of worship, given through divine revelation, and, iu a measure, retained, which is indicative of the inner workings of the spirit of God upon the individual. Where there are iu operation divers gifts, such as shaking, speaking in tongues, turning, bowing, prophesying, and a variety of gifts, but all of the same spirit, we will find place, though not with instrumental music; that would have a direct tendency to check the flow of the spirit. The Quakers, who were once the chosen people of God, were convinced of this, and were led by the spirit, to reject vocal music, as well as instrumental, with all other forms and ceremonies existing in the orthodox churches. No wonder they despised the steepled houses, with their costly cushioned pews, stained windows, and elaborate ornaments, to attract the worldly minded, when the means for so doing were wrung out of the hard earnings of the poor laboring man and woman. And not less, the priesthood, learned divines, made fat by their high salaries, whose inspiration is drawn from colleges ; and a well paid choir, trained in musical science, who can gracefully touch the notes of the pleasant sounding lyre, the melodion, piano, or the organ, to the delight of their hearers, even though the player were a prostitute. We may well sympathize with the early friends, in their disgust of all these usele.-s external things, and for the great sacrifices they made for the advancement of the truth, and return 'honor to whom honor is due.' They were martyrs ; their work is measurably done, but the fruits of it remain never to be obliterated ! Believers are emanations from the same root, with increased revelation. While the Quakers sat in the valley of the shadow of death, waiting for the movings of the spirit, and for the guidance of the 'inner light,' the silence iu Heaven 'was broken,' the Bride emerged from her closet, 'in raiment clean and white' and, 'with the voice of a great thunder' shook the earthly elements in men and women and revealed the hidden mystery of what, and wherein consisted man's loss from God, and how he might return to native Edenic conditions. Earth could not then produce instruments only in 'earthen vessels,' that could pour forth the sponta neous soulful strains of music, as did our Mother Ann, and her little company, for their deliverance from the bondage of the flesh ! Even could they have afforded it, how insignificant, how absurd, how out of place would any sort of an instrument been to portray their joy ! As we look at it fallen human nature is the same now as then ; it is cursed, cursed from the beginning, 'above all the beasts of the field.' Aid we canuot rid ourselves of it in any other way than did Mother Ann. 'Dust shall be the serpent's meat.' We need to find humiliation and mortification to the perverse elements of the world, whereas instrumental music greatlv tends to attract and please the serpentine nature, and cause it to lift up its haughty head from the dust, where it needs to be trampled upon until bruised, and that will take a lifetime. In the meanwhile we are exultant, aud glory in its death throes. Our thankfulness and joy find utterance in song, corresponding to our manner of worship. Father Joseph realized a fulness of this when in vision, he saw the armies of heaveu going forth in worship, attuned to heavenly songs. He saw the order and beauty of the ranks of the redeemed, and rested not, day nor night, until he had learned of them the step aud the measure ; this he committed as a legacy to his people. In relinquishing some of the forms of exercise in worship, there is danger lest the pendulum swing too far world-ward, aud we adopt customs and fashions that belong more to the old creation, than to the new. In dress, in the furnishing of our houses, in eating and drinking, in address, and especially in worship, let us be as unlike the wart ing, generative world around us, as possible ! Mother's testimony causes souls to 'worship God in spirit and in truth.' And we have no more use for a machine to grind out a tune for us, than for a hireling minister to preach to us ; the two belong together, let them forever be without the court! Very many, not included in the fold, who are spiritually illumined, find nothing but dry husks to feed their hungry souls, in the orthodox churches, and, as they express it, 'their worship is a dead form, without the spirit; a sham, a hollow mockery ! Finely framed speeches, with a million dollar organ,' they say, 'cannot buy a passport to heaven, nor feed us with the bread of life. Your singing is beautiful, because it is spiritual, there is an inspiration in it,' that gives life, and touches the heart. Our fashionable music is so dressed up it does not find its way to the soul.' Oh, let us heed the cry of suffering humanity, and retain a v. orship that will meet the demands of those seeking life that when they call for bread, we may not give them a stone. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.