Groveland, N. Y. We have just finished preserving a choice selection of strawberries and cherries, have washed and set aside our preserving kettle preparatory for another day's service. Now that we are fortunate enough to come into possession of a few quiet moments unmolested by calls or callers we will devote a portion of the flying seconds to Note collecting, one of our favorite diversions. Last evening we rambled out on a fresh air excursion, the vanishing sun was receding beneath the western summit and the late breezes chimed out their iEolian harp-like music; we ceased our strolling for an instant so enchanting was the scene and scenery above us, before us and surrounding us ; we listened with rapt attention 'to the myriads of air and earth musicians singing their last notes to the parting day, rendering a lively accompaniment to the songs of other songsters whose voices were blending harmoniously with the deep tones of a Beethoven Organ, and in the distance came the sound of more merry voices, mvinil by the happy children engaged in ball throwing and catching, kite flying, hoop trundling, rope skipping, swinging and various other games ever productive of life and health to childhood and youth. On ovr homeward way we were leisurely surveying the beauties of nir and earth when the exquisite notes of a Mocking bird on a neighboring tree thrilled us with delight and we said, sing away joyous bird sing o#, your notes are ever in due time, even now in the falling dew, then fertile first time in all this blessed July we remembered that our Notes were falling due. ' A party of three, viz., Elder Alexander L. Work, Ella B. Winship, and Elizabeth Sidle left home Thursday morning the nineteenth uIt. for pilgrimage through distant dominions. Their chief Ports of Entry are Counties, Berkshire Mass., Albany and Columbia N. Y. Elder Alexander arrived home Saturday noon of the twenty-eighth ult, leaving our absent E's (absentees) to 'Hail Columbia,' the last heard from them they wqt'. enjoying present ease on the hills of ro,eky Columbia. Since the deposit of our last Notes we have heard of storms and rumors of storms, storms of ill report and storms of good report and storms of electric report. A high storm of the aforesaid character passed by this way on a June night, snuffing out the life of an old and reliable cherry tree of nineteenth century fame. After completing its mission of destruction the storm thundered' on its way with lightning rapidity and soon we were ushered into the music of silence that immediately followed. We are again encountering another fruit famine year. It is now evident that our apple produce will prove a universal failure. A few bushels may be procured, may be not that, and may be again a little more. Yet all seem blighted, turning brown And falling daily to the ground. With peach and plum and pear the same All follow in the falling train. The reverend bird fancier from the State of Conn., Br. Daniel Orcutt gives us some new and useful information, concerning chicken culture, how their food and clothing should be cared for and the best methods for accumulating the greatest profits from hen enterprise. We know just a little about their peculiar requirements of diet, etc., etc. so will tell it to some cue interested in the good work. Hens and chickens should always be allowed plenty of shell material, if they are left to go without shell substance the flock will soon shell out, and then there will be none left to tell the story of their sheli-less life and death. Oyster and clam shells pulverized coarsely of course, with broken china and earthen-ware prepared in the same way, and all egg-shells boiled or unboiled when dried thoroughly are great helps in forming new coverings for the forth coming supply. Milk, sweet, sour, loppered or butter milk is consumed by them with an ever increasing relish and is a healthful food for the rising generation of chicks. But in no case give them cream not even the appearance of such, as it may prove injurious to the dairy. Our Home daily resembles a bee-hive. Here are garments to make, some to mend And stitches to place here and there, Sweeping and dusting daily to do, 'Tis the work of constant repair. G. D. G.