'Give us this day our daily bread.' Amelia J. Calver. 'There are moments in life no matter what is the attitude of the body, the soul is on its kuees.' Thus said Victor Hugo, and thus we all feel, when day after day, some earnest prayer so possesses our minds that wherever we turn, we see it in letters of gold, and with every breath, we feel it emanating from the depths of our souls ; and words which before, may have seemed meaningless, now speak volumes. This is the light in which I place these few words of 'Our Lord's Prayer :' 'Give us this day our daily bread.' It seems to me that the whole of that beautiful prayer radiates, as from a common center from that impressive intercession. Having bread the soul is nurtured, thus able to fully appreciate the trusting reverence, submission, and the claim on forgiveness and protection, which the prayer contains. Taking it in a material sense there is no one cry of suffering humanity, which so stirs the world to its foundation, and which produces the commotions and revolutions, as when the famishing multitude clamor for their daily bread ; and no entreaty, when misfortune deals out the dreadful paugs of starvation, which is so promptly responded to by those able to give relief. If then as said our Savior, 'ye, being evil know how to give good gifts, how much more shall our Father which is in heaven, give good gifts to them that ask Him.' Observe the strength, the breadth, the depth, of that simple prayer. 'Give.' O the trust. We ?.sk as if expecting to receive. 'Give us.' No narrow limits bound that generous bounty. It is not 'Give me' but 'Give ms.' And we are so different in our needs. H&amp;w great the variety of demands for natural food. The substantial repast for the travel-worn, and the laborer ; the nerve-healing elixir of life for the wasting frame; the acid for the fever burnings, and the bitter for the dissipated. Is it not thus with the spirit's food ? When we ask 'Give us,' O the variety demanded. And still each kind is essential ; for one's needs cannot supply the longing which fills the heart of another. The untiring worker craves the substance, for work wearies and wears. The fainting and discouraged need the all-healing power of love, to permeate the whole soul, regardless of, in their weakened condition, their power to appreciate it; the restless, and fever-excited by worldly pleasures, are best checked by the acid of silent reproach, while the sin-sick gratefully accept the bitterness of reproof. Again : 'Give us this day.' Here is an assurance of a constant renewal; new food, ''sufficient for the day.' Not a feast, and then a period of hopeless starvation, but we are taught to ask every day. And 'Give us this day our daily bread,' teaches us there is for every one an ever ready supply in our Father's storehouse, which all have the right to claim. O blessed prayer ! May we ever treasure this as our hope, our comfort; and whatever our needs, whatever our frailties, may we with a trusting childlike confidence, ask : 'Give us this day our daily bread,' and find our souls supplied with that bread of life, which 'Our Father' through the ministration of the gospel can give us. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.