Pleasant Hill, Ky. July 13, 1890. We can report that we have had extremely hot weather up to the present date. Such weather is seldom experienced here in June. Mercury ranging from 85 to 104 degrees. We often sing of 'showers of. blessing' and surely have they not been descending upon us of late? From the 21st. to the 24th. ult. we enjoyed a rich feast of good things with our beloved gospel kindred of Mt. Lebanon, Br. Benjamin Gates, Eldress Augusta Stone, Sister Mary Hazard. As the beautiful angels of olden time heralded the glad news of peace and good-will to man, so likewise did our white winged angel visitors proclaim their lifelong mission. Unity seemed to be the leading spirit with all, and the joys emanating therefrom were truly realized by successive manifestations of the Holy Spirit. In our services on the 22nd. these impromptu lines were deeply impressed on the mind of the writer. It is heaven's choicest blessing, To meet with kindred dear, To feel the heavenly unciion, Of hearts true and sincere. We have abundant proof of their true loyal hearts, and, 'Dew loving friends ourheiirts will be with you, We are bound by the ties of true friendship and love, Tho' distance and time on earth separate us, We'll meet in bright mansions above. On the Fourth our S. S. attended a S. S. convention held at Mt. Zion church. Many able speeches, bearing on S. S. work, and the importance of the day, were addressed to a large audience. Elder Napoleon Brown was on the list of speakers, and many of the audience were deeply impressed as he told of his travel 'Out of darkness into light.' Also some choice recitations were spoken by the children and Br. J. W. Pilkington and children sang some pretty songs. We enjoyed a bountiful lunch spread in a shady grove overlooking the Kentucky r.ver. In this siciun there seems to be quite a revival in S. S. work. Sister Eliza Carpenter and her busy bees are favoring us with a bountiful supply of the be.-t of honey. It is hard to tell wliicb are the busiest, Sister Eliza or the bees. The past week we canned nieety-five gals. of blackberries. As nearly all our other fruits were killed, blackberries will be our dependence in the fruit line; and of tiiese we have any amount. M. Johnston.