STILL SMALL VOICE. Nancy G. Danforth. 'And, behold, the Lord passed by, and a great and strong wind rent the mountains, and brake in pieces the rocks before the Lord ; but the Loi'd was not in the wind: and after the wind an earthquake ; but the Lord was not in the earthquake ; and after the earthquake a fixe ; but the Lord was not in the fire ; and aft^r the fire a still small voice.' 1 Kings, xix., 11, 12. Have we not as a nation experienced all of these? The wind, the earthquake, and the fire, yea and Hoods also ? Shall we say the Lord was in none of these? 'The Lord passed by.' He was near yet suffered these things to be, that the attention of the people might be enlisted to note that which should follow. While in this attitude of rapt attention the}* would more readily perceive the whisperings of the 'still small voice,' which manifests itself not in an audible sound to the outward senses, but in upheavals and changes in the realm of thought and mind. All old systems of science and theology are being overturned by this inward voice; new degrees of light are springing up in every department of life. This silent voice is even now teaching many truths of the 'resurrection order' and spreading the knowledge of the true way of life and salvation. It teaches that this way is only found by following Him who was meek and lowly in spirit, who never builded with natural selfish ties, but taught both by precept and example that these must all be sundered, and even, the life forsaken also, by those who would be his disciples. While these things are so apparent, let not Zion Le slack or indifferent, but rise and put on the beautiful garments with which she has been wont to be clothed in- the days that are past. Let not the desire for worldly gain dim or mar her glory ; but may her light continue to shine more and more unto the perfect dny, when all nations shall hear the glad tidings of eternal salvation. A salvation which actually saves from all wrong in action, word or thought. God speed the glorious clay ! Canterbury, N. H.