Groveland, N. Y. It is decidedly uncomfortable to-day with the mtrcury climbing above one hundred. It's too hot to work, too hot to write, So we're inclined some plans to slight. A very unreliable form of weather prevails out this way. During the spring and early summer rain storms visited here daily, the most prominent feature of the mornings was rain, noons were the same, and nights were a repetition of both. But those rainy days, those rainy days, Have now all disappeared; A scorching sun with withered grass, Predicts a drouth 'tis feared. The five past weeks have been noted for excessive heat and dryness, only a few light showers and those but a trifle more than a sprinkle found their way here. Perhaps the rain-clouds that covered the sky for the first half of the year have sailed across the Continent to give the inhabitants there a spray from the mighty sea above. Now if some of them would return and favor us with a dashing and splashing once or twice each week, we would thankfully send our thanks skyward. The harvesting of hay and grain is the daily occupation of farmers, and is proving a successful success. The song of the reaper and mower is heard from morn till eve, making music pleasing to hear, giving evidence that industry and enterprise reigns, and that the Earth with its fullness of fruitage, Declareth God's wondrous skill, His goodness forever surrounds us And ever, forever it will. The delegation that left here on a bright June morning returned on the ninth ult. glad and happy to reacli home and friends, (their Ark of safety.) Peaches have not proved an entire failure as some foretold. A few bushels have been secured and preserved for winter comfort, while occasionally a breakfast or dinner has been decorated with the delicious fruit which is ever healthful and refreshing. Easpberries and currants have grown luxuriantly, but the English sparrows too well know Where the best of all fruits grow; Plucking first the ripened cherries, Then to currants and to berries, So their wicked bills we see Stamped on every bush and tree. Last Tuesday morning the twenty-ninth ult , Sister Ann Work awakened into Spirit life or embarked for the region far away, (but always near,) happy in the freedom from earth and earthly things Wednesday the following day her funeral was attended in the family Hall, some of the family accompanied the remains to their final rest where, Dust to dust and earth to earth, To her soul means life and mirth. G. D. G. Union Village, Ohio. August 1890. Our harvest is ended. Crop fair. Weather dry. Corn suffering for rain. Separateness, or want of oneness with God, is the bane of all existence. At-onement with God is the sum of all bliss, all peace, all contentment. Our school district numbers thirty pupils. O. C. H.