ARE WE DRIFTING? Hamilton De Graw. Thoughts suggested by reviewing the article in July No. of 'Manifesto' by Sister Marinda M. Keniston. I would again ask the question, Are we drifting ? To admit the fact would imply that the gospel ship that so many had sailed in so long and had carried so many cargoes of human souls safely to that haven of rest, where away from the turmoil and strife of earth they can unite with the poet and exclaim : 'My weary heart hath found a resting place, My feet no longer need to roam; For in the blessedness of perfect love I've a home, sweet home.' Had lost its helm, parted with its anchor, and been bereft of its sails, and become a derelict. God forbid. Nay dear sister, we are not drifting. Though our gallant craft has weathered many a gale and at present is passing through a storm period, yet, 'Courage! Brother, Sister, do not falter, Tho' thy path seem dark as night; There's a guide to lead us onward, ' Trust in God and do the right.' To admit that wTe are subject to circumstances over which we have no power of control may in a limited measure be true but only limited. Wage slavery is only one step removed from chattel slavery and some of the extenuating circumstances in regard to the latter cannot be argued for the former. It is a curse, a blight upon the spiritual growth of individuals and communities, and with that former relic of a barbaric age it must be banished from the realm of social and economic life through a higher conception of life, and the duty we owe to the cause. I quote from a letter from Br. Daniel Offord 'that to be an industrial slave holder has a mighty tendency to destroy the spiritual brother and make him unfit to labor with Brethren.' Individually we can say, thanks to the sisterhood for holding the fort against the encroachments of that insidious foe, wage slavery, and keeping it out from the realm of social life among them. Let it be the rallying point among us, working for a new dispensation, and a more perfect realization of the principles of Communistic life, where it can be said of each and every one, 'Ye are not servants but Brethren and Sisters.' Sonyea, N. Y.