HISTORY OF THE CHURCH OF MT. LEBANON, N. Y. No. 15. BUTTONS. The making of buttons for the Brethren's garments was commenced in 1795. These were made of the horns and hoofs of the cattle. They also made button molds of horn which were covered with cloth. Since 1825 a small amount of business has been carried on in the manufacture of bone and ivory buttons, but the pressure of other duties has prevented much from being done in this line. BROOMS. The manufacture of brooms was at first, very light. This was at the close of the last century. A small amount of broom corn was raised on our home farm, and from this the brooms were made. The apparatus for tying the corn on the handle was very simple, merely a wheel and shaft. The broom twine was wound around the shaft. The rim of the wheel was arranged with pins, and operated by the feet. In a few years machines were invented on which a man was able to make from six to eight dozen brooms per day. These became an important item for sale, and the business has been extensively followed by Believers in the several Societies. Common hand and fancy cora brushes have also been made, but since 1845 the attention has been diverted to other forms of occupation. OVAL BOXES. The manufacture of oval boxes began as early as 1800. Although not a very extensive branch of business, it has been a source of small income from year to year. At first the rims were cat from the log in a common saw mill, which did the work very imperfectly. The heads were planed by hand. In 1830 a buzz saw did the work of cutting out the rims, and in 1832 a machine was brought into use, and from this date the rims were also planed by machinery. HORSEWHIPS. These have been made in the Society from an early date, for home use and for sale. The horse hides for the lashes were dressed at our tannery, and the lashes cut and braided by the Brethren and boys. The whip stocks were also made and sold with the lashes. While the foregoing occupations were being largely conducted by the Brethren, the Sisters were busily engaged in the many domestic duties that fell to their charge. They were also engaged in the carding, spinning and weaving of cotton and woolen cloth. The coloring of the cloth also claimed their attention. For several years the Sisters did all the hatcheling of the flax. The spinning of the cotton and wool was performed by hand on 'great wheels' and the flax on 'little foot-wheels.' After the establishment of cotton factories in this country, the cloth was largely purchased for the use of the Community and by 1834 the weaving was wholly discontinued. Machines for the carding of wool were introduced into this part of the country about the beginning of this century, and the Brethren had their wool carded into rolls and the spinning done at home. In 1809 a carding machine was built for the Society, with which they did their own carding. In 1812 a spinning-jenny of twenty-four spindles was purchased, and from this date the 'great wheels' were laid aside. Since 1852 the cloth used by the Society has been purchased. For 'several years the Sisters used a 'Pleasant Spinner,' on which to spin 'worsted.' BASKETS. In 1813 fancy baskets were made for sale. This business has largely increased, and other articles have been added, such as palm leaf hats ; bonnets ; carriage, chair, pin and needle cushions. A great variety of other fancy articles have also been added to the list. MEDICAL DEPARTMENT. The Believers who formed the Society at the time of its origin, did not rely much on outward remedies to remove diseases and infirmities, and a physician not of their order was considered very needless and unprofitable in most cases. After several years it was thought best to establish an order of physicians, two of each sex, and to these the Brethren and Sisters were to apply. At first the apparatus, conveniences, books, &amp;c, were very limited and simple ; but the accomodations have been enlarged from time to time and medical books have been added to the library, till the advantages offered to the sick are among the best. Since 1835 there has been but one physician in the order, while the Sisters in attendance have received the title of 'nurses.' There has been a grc at variety of opinion on the system of medical treatment of disease. Some retain a confidence in the use of metallic drugs, while others would use only herbs. Another class prefer what generally passes under the name of 'Water Cure.' A fourth class encourage the treatment that passes under the name of 'Eclectic.' Many persons who are unfortunately made sick are again healed by submitting to any of the above treatments, and it is quite likely they would have been healed if they had consulted no one. THE GATHERING OF HERBS. This has been practiced from the first of the organization for the use of the physicians at home. Very few were sold except for the purpose of purchasing medicine to be used instead of the herbs. In 1820 the Believers began to prepare roots and herbs for sale. These were dried and pressed and then put up in a nice compact form and a demand was soon created for a more extended business. Up to this date the wild herbs only had been gathered, but the cultivation of medicinal herbs was now accepted as a branch of business in order to meet the yearly demand. The making of extracts was also added to the trade and in 1832 a large building was demanded. As the trade increased, a larger number of persons were appointed to assist in the business. To show the increase of this work, we will state that in 1831 about 4.000 lbs. of roots and herbs were sent to the market. In 1836, it had increased to 6000 lbs. and in 1849 to 16,500 lbs. In 1850 large additions were made to the buildings and to the machinery. A steam boiler and a vacuum pan, with various apparatus connected. The amount of herbs pressed in 1850 was not less than 21,000 lbs. and about 7000 lbs. of extract. In 1852 a new steam engine was purchased of twelve horse power, and also additional machinery. In 1853 the amount of roots, herbs and barks that were pressed amounted to 42,000 lbs. while the extracts reached to 7500 lbs. The business now requires, regularly, the labor of six Brethren and about as many Sisters. A large number of persons were also hired to assist in the work. Other help was, at times, demanded to take the goods to and from the Society, and to make sales and then to collect the bills. (to be continued.)