Enfield, N. H. Sept. 12. It seems but a few moments comparatively speaking, since we hailed the first signs of an approaching spring; watched the tiny leaves unfold upon the maples in the lane, which really seem like our personal friends, well-tried and true, as we have watched their growth ever since they presented the appearance of bean poles, waiting for the vines to grow and cover them. Now we notice as keenly the first tinge of crimson that foretells autumn. Soon the woods, and even our own door-yard, so convenient for the robins, because of the leafy homes it offers them, will be resplendent with colors of every hue. And so the seasons rotate; who could have planned a better world so far as variety is concerned? Our summer has been far more summerish than was the same period of time last year. We have had a large number of strangers inspecting our premises this season. It seems to be the fashion, just now, to get away from home, even if in the getting away you get into close, inconvenient apartments and wish yourselves back again, as one woman told me was her experience; consequently we have had some intelligent investigators, some well intended pleasure seekers, and more ignorant curiosity seekers than usual. Have they tarried with us for a brief space of time, sufficient to get a dinner, a birds-eye view of the locality, and departed with the antique idea that we sold apple sauce and brooms, did not marry &amp;c? Or have they realized the good influence which should emanate from pure, honest lives, an idea, at least, that here is a Community based upon the radical principles of Christianity, which, with all its defects (not in principles but individuals) is the strait and narrow way, of which, our Savior said, 'But few there be who walk therein?' These are questions that have occupied my mind, as I have beheld the different companies all-absorbing ideas of some description, the effects of which they bear to their respective homes. Our apple crop, according to the estimate of our Br. John Cumings, who for many years has cared for the harvesting of this much-used esculent, is hardly half its usual amount. We who attended the apple cutting last evening, believe this, if tangible proof is worth anything, for we dressed some of such diminutive proportions, that after dressing, we queried which was the good fruit, and which was to be relegated to the offal barrel, but as we were thereby reminded of the economizing virtues taught by our good fathers and mothers in this branch of the 'Vineyard,' it may prove a blessing, making us grateful for 'small things.' E. B.