Hancock, Mass. Sept. 10. Beautiful, refreshing anil restful are the lovely days that are at present ours to enjoy. They seem to us like types of the eternal perfect day. Were we always so blest we could hardly wish to change our present situation for one in the life beyond. But ah ! how perishable are the treasures of earth, how transient the joys it offers. Autumn conies to us in her vernal dress, laden with choice and abundant gifts, amply rewarding the husbandman for his arduous labors. All crops, excepting that of fruit, gave a bountiful yield and are of good quality. Br. Ira tells us that the potato crop is superior to any that has been produced in this section during the past twenty years. Also that oats and corn average well. Hay was stored in fine condition and was considered equal in quantity to that of last year's growth, which was, in the opinion of competent judges, the best that has been grown on the hillsides and valleys of famed old Berkshire in many years. Cutting and drying sweet corn will soon be the business of the day. but will be despatched in a brief snace of time, as the quantity raised does not compare with that of former seasons The Brethren have added somewhat to their many home cares by preparing a long bed for strawberries, in which two thousand five hundred plants have already been set, and more will be added later in the season. A two inch water-pipe under fifty-five ft. head has been put down, connecting with other pipes for the purpose of irrigating the plants if necessary. Our blackberry patch of nearly four square rods yielded a fraction over eight bushels. They are of the Snyder variety and added much to the delicacies of our table. In our former note we stated that pears with us were a total failure. Since then our Brethren have found and gathered a small quantity of the choicest varieties. The Bartlett, Duchess de'Angalene &amp;c, for which we feel very grateful, as indeed we do for all blessings. Home improvements for the season have been the erecting of a carriage-house and wagon-shed combined 60x24 ft. Partition made to the Office Barn, 36x24. Newly roofed the family dwelling at second family. They seem to prefer the baptism of fire by the 'Holy Spirit' to the more formal but less effective one produced by the sprinkling on of water; particularly when endeavoring to enjoy 'Nature's sweet restorer, balmy sleep.' Other buildings have undergone slight repairs. Workmen are now engaged in repairing the brick Tenant house to the Grist mill. Beef cattle have done finely this season. One car load was sent to New York market early in August and two car loads more will foon be transported thither. The stock here mentioned was under our charge. Dairy profits have been light as our herd of cows is small and of inferior grade. The article in Sept. Manifesto ''Be Courteous,' is worthy our most careful consideration. It should be thoughtfully read and faithfully practiced by all. Our kindest thanks to the writer. J. L. S.