Whatever may be for the advancement or stability... Whatever may be for the advancement or the stability of our Community, which has become our religious home, should claim the special attention of every member who may be interested in its prosperity. The basis upon which this home is established, its Covenant, its order and its religious obligations, are so diametrically opposite from that of the little, selfish communities of the world, including as they do, the very relations we ignore, that we must, in our system of management, follow that order which makes peace in our secular and religious life, and which will lead to the Kingdom of God. A community which rests upon Christian principles, as enunciated in the testimony of Jesus, and has within itself the power of remoulding the life of its members and of establishing in them the peaceab e fruits of righteousness as it supplants the life of the world, must rest under the Divine care of an overruling Providence. The beautiful promises which Jesus so kindly proffered to his disciples will be claimed as compensatory, and indeed, they will flow into the Christian's path as naturally as the rivulets and rivers flow into the great sea. The religious work of the Community must always be in close correspondence with the work of the divine Teacher which the sacred Record informs us was to do good to suffering humanity. That valuable lesson of the good Samaritan which Jesus so carefully illustrated for the benefit of his disciples, will ever find a resting-place in the hearts of those who accept the beautiful mission of Christian kindness, and assist them in their earnest efforts to do God's will on the earth as it is done in heaven. We then can ask in all confidence, 'Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those wTho trespass against us.' It is the spiritual life of the Community that develops the relation of Brethren and Sisters, and which gives it a position above the selfish and unhallowed relations of the world. For its greater prosperity, the Community must accept what the experience of a century has so thoroughly taught. 'Order is heaven's first law.' It is the harbinger of peace and a crowning glory of a gospel home. It then follows that those who would wish to enter into the new and heavenly relation, while upon the earth, must become the subjects of a good and protective system of order. That rule which governs the natural man in his relations with the world, may not be calculated to protect him in the spiritual relations which he is expected to maintain with his Brethren and Sisters. The good apostle fully realized this fact as he grew to be a disciple in Christ, and was led to make this remark, 'I glory in the cross of Christ, by which I am crucified to the world, and the world to me.' It is, indeed, a crucifixion of the selfish nature of man to enter a Community that urges the necessity of living a life in harmony with the life of Christ. It needs no creed to fetter the mind, and needs no elaborate ceremony to demand recognition ; it only needs that the life shall be changed from wrong to right, that the path of the Lord shall be made strait, and that all ungodliness and every worldly lust shall be crucified that a new, spiritual life may be developed in the soul. By zeal and earnest labors of many faithful souls who have consecrated their lives to God, our Communities were carefully organized and maintained as religious homes for those who are willing to leave the old inheritance of the world and become the followers of Christ. As we have accepted the new and sacred inheritance the prosperity and perpetuity of these religious homes must devolve upon us. We know the great value they have been to our gospel parents, and also to the present generation, and may well grow anxious in our prayers for the present and future happiness and prosperity of our blessed Zion.