HISTORY OF THE CHURCH OF MT. LEBANON, N. Y. No. 16. THE DINING HALL. The usual and regular times for the taking of our meals were at 6-30 for breakfast, 12 for dinner and 6 o'clock for supper. The tables are about twenty-eight inches high and three feet wide. Four persons form a square, and three squares are seated at one table. The people are called to their meals by a signal from the large bell and subsequently to the table by the ringing of a smaller bell. All remain standing in their respective places, till quietness is restored, when a few moments are spent in silent prayer, while in a kneeling posture. The same order of prayer also follows at the close of each meal. All the varieties of food were served that were known to be acceptable at the time, and especially those that could be provided by the Community. In the infancy of the Society, the kinds of food were very few and the manner of preparation of the simplest kind. This however, has increased from year to year, till at the present time, (1850) our table is bountifully spread. So early as 1789 bean porridge was one of the principal articles of food, and this with potatoes and bread would serve for a meal. At a later date new biscuits were eaten for breakfast, with fresh pork and potatoes, accompanied with pie or sauce and tea or coffee. Pewter plates were quite universally used at the beginning of this century, and in some families they were retained as late as 1823. Porcelain plates were next introduced, from which to eat, but the wooden plates were retained for several years longer on which to serve the bread. The most of a departure from the plain, simple fare of the week was made for the supper on Sabbath evening when the best flesh, fish or fowl was presented, accompanied with various kinds of pie, cake and preserves. This plan was also followed on Christmas and Thanksgiving days, as it was a general custom observed by most of the people in this section of the country. In 1841 a great change was made in our mode of living. Swine's flesh was wholly removed from the articles of diet, and all kinds of meat and fish were dispensed with on the Sabbath. Cider, which had been used at the table till this date, was wholly removed, and tea, coffee or water was accepted. tea. At first, the Society used but a small amount of foreign tea, but in place of this used Sage, Red-root, Aven's-root and Liberty tea. In a few years the tea from China was accepted and used with milk and sugar, particularly for breakfast. In 1808 tea was used, largely, without sweetening, and this continued for several years. In 1840 all foreign tea was removed from the table and used only by direction of the physicians. Domestic tea was now used by the family. Some preferred to drink milk while others accepted milk and water. Foreign tea and coffee were again introduced in 1855 and Believers have been more or less effected by the prevailing sentiment around them. Several persons accepted the reform views of Sylvester Graham, and abstained from the use of tea and coffee, and from the eating of meat, and all animal fats. The vegetable diet had found some earnest advocates, who believed that all food should be prepared in a simple and healthful manner, BOOKS AND PERIODICALS. There is perhaps no subject in the history of the Community which has been more varied than the one now under consideration. In the warfare which engaged the attention of the Believers, they only thought of the world, as the one thing from which to be free, and their literary studies shared the same fate as every other temptation toward a worldly life. The laying of a foundation in the temporal and spiritual interests of the Church was of the first importance, and for several years the reading of books and papers claimed but a very small part of the time. After the gathering of a second class into the order, it was found necessary to give more attention to the education of the children and youth, and especially after the publication of our faith, in 1808. A public school was instituted in 1817 and the number of books increased quite rapidly. Soon after this it was thought best to open a library, and for this purpose all the books were collected and arranged in order tor use by the family. In 1833, one hundred and twenty volumes including works on History, Biography, Morality, Mechanics, &amp;c, formed the library, and to these additions were constantly being made. As Iat,e as the year 1812 but little time was used for either the reading of Books or papers. In 1858 some ten or twelve periodicals were regularly received into the family. Two agricultural papers and the Scientific American were also received. The physicians subscribed for two papers, the teachers of the school for one, while several were taken at the Office. A journal of passing events has always been kept by the Church, and in this could be found an account of our business transactions ; our struggles with the state legislature ; our troubles and expenses with opponents in law, and our afflictions with apostates. (to be continued.)