THE CRUSADES OR HOLY WARS. Amelia J. Calver. The first Crusade, i. e., a war carried on by the Christians of the middle ages for the recovery of Palestine from the Mohammedans, was resolved on in 1095 by Pope Urban II. But through the enthusiasm of Peter the Hermit, the people could not wait for regular proceedings, and four bands of unorganized crusades started. The first 20,000 headed by Walter the Penniless; the second 40,000 by Peter the Hermit, and the third consisting of 15,000 Germans, and an immense mob of 200,000 from England, France. Flanders and Lorraine. These were either destroyed before reaching Palestine, or routed in the engagement there. It was only now that the true crusaders entered upon the scene. Six armies, embracing all the chivalry of Europe, headed respectfully by Godfrey of Boullion, Hugh the Great, Robert Curthroses, Count Eobert of Flanders, Prince Bohemond of Tarentum, and Count Raymond of Toulouse started for . Jerusalem. Uniting their forces, the first conquest was the capture of Nice, in June 1097. The sultan Soliman was next defeated and the principality of Edessa taken. Antioch was captured after a siege of seven months, mid reverses, and they at last saw the way open to Jerusalem. The city was taken on the 15th of July 1098, and Godfrey of Boullion crowned king of Jerusalem. But such a victory was easier gained than held. The Christians of Jerusalem, surrounded as they were by countries of hostile Mohammedans, frequently lost the city; and seven other crusades were called out between the years of 1147 and 1270, all of which failed in the object for which they started, the entire subjugation of Palestine. But such energy in what they deemed a righteous cause, was not destined to be counted an entire failure : for it led to results more beneficial than the crusaders' wildest dream. Western Europe became acquainted with two civilizations, more advanced than its own, the Greek and Saracenic. Thus a powerful impetus was given to the literature and commerce of Europe, breaking the spell, of the dark ages. Richard the Lion-hearted of England, was a leader in the third crusade, and Prince Edward, afterward Edward I. of England, a leader of the eighth and last. The Children's crusade, one of the strangest events of history, started in 1212, consisting of three armies of French and German children, numbering in all 70,000. They thought that miracles would be performed for them and by their means the Moslems become converted. Some were discouraged and returned home, some stopped by the way, but most of them perished on the march, or were sold into slavery. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.