Religious Services held at Canterbury, N. H., Sept. 14, 1890, Commencing at 10 o'clock, closing at 11-40. Scripture Reading from Ephesians vi., 11-18. Opening Hymn, 'Raise the Standard.' Introductory remarks by Elder Henry C. Blinn, who called the attention of the Brethren and Sisters to the additional blessing realized by the presence of beloved gospel friends from two of our sister Societies, viz. Enfield, Conn, and Gloucester, Me. Br. Daniel Orcutt, Sisters, Elizabeth Copley and Maria Lyman of Enfield in return for the kind welcome extended, communicated love from Gospel friends at their home, accompanied by expressions of loyalty and confidence in God's work. Br. Samuel Kendrick, and Sisters, Sarah Fletcher, Amanda Stickney, Prudie Stickney and Ada Cummings of Gloucester, were next introduced. Br. Samuel, whose age numbers some eighty years, spoke as one who has found immortal youth in the spiritual life which he has led from early childhood ; having had more than seventy years experience with Believers. He stated, 'I have found peace and satisfaction in obeying the principles of the gospel as taught by Mother Ann Lee. I believe the highest light is found among this people. If there is a higher light, I am willing to investigate and accept it.' The Sisters accompanying Br. Samuel sang a beautiful piece commencing, 'I will take down my harp from the willow,' &amp;c, after singing, each gave satisfactory testimony of the goodness of God and of the hundred fold relation they had found among his people, expressing unchanging determination to bear the cross of Christ. The piece entitled 'Inasmuch' was next sung ; and immediately followed by a request from Elder Nicholas Briggs that the beautiful piece which originated at Mt. Lebanon, 'We shall meet,' should also be sung. After the singing, Elder Nicholas referred to a dream of the previous night in which he found himself enjoying a beautiful meeting with those who possessed the brightness and whiteness to which the sentiment of the piece referred. 'The dream,' said he, 'caused me to spend an hour in soul reverie, in consideration of the relation which Believers sustain to each other individually. Is the life actually lived which ensures a place with those whose garments are clean, made spotless white ? If the past, viewed in the light of the present is unsatisf actory, the latter affords an opportunity for amendment. If we have sown weakness where we should have sown strength, let us not repine, but with greater earnestness and better efforts seek to attain unto the perfection of spiritual purity which we profess to maintain.' These remarks were followed by the singing of the spirited piece, 'Lion hearted brave and true.' Some of the Sisters spoke appreciatingly of the blessing of a correspondence held with Brethren and Sisters in the several Sot cieties, it being a stimulus to good works. With many, a correspondence commenced in youth with gospel friends has proved of life-long benefit. Words may not be able to portray the spirit of the choice testimonies of the beloved Ministry and Elders, but their united call to raise higher the standard of Christian excellence is written in the hearts of the people to whom it was addressed. Many worshipers feelingly responded to the promptings of the divine influence. One young Brother said, 'I will be brave in the battle, that I may know the joy of victory.' Another added, 'When I made my choice to serve God I did not confer with flesh and blood. The loss of companionship cannot change the pledge of consecration then made, standing face to face with a truth received. I resolved to obey the same without even a thought whether I should find companions or realize the loss of them in attempting to follow the perfect pattern. No one can feel alone who can truly sing, 'I have feet with God they're walking.' The Lord our God will sustain his people and in his service is eternal joy.' These remarks were subsequently followed by Br. William Briggs who said, 'John the revelator wrote, 'I heard a voice from Heaven as the voice of many waters.' My soul has heard that voice to-day in the testimonies of Brethren and Sisters. It is impossible, as has already been stated, to hold the world in one hand and the gospel in the other. We cannot serve two masters, if we support the relations of the world, although none of our Brethren or Sisters may be conscious of it, we are not' giving our strength to the cause which we profess to support. We would not prove recreant to our call, nor forsake the spiritual interests of a home that has sheltered us from early childhood to the present age. Let us renew ourselves in obedience to our faith and a closer walk with conscience.' 'Christ of the Ages' was then sung followed by more speaking and singing. One Brother who with his companion and children, has recently united their interests with our Society, spoke of the higher aspiration after the divine life of the Master which continually filled his soul, and testified his appreciation of the spiritual life which he found practically illustrated by Brethren and Sisters. One of the last speakers added, 'The import of all the good words spoken in worship this morning may be found in the Apostles injunction to put on the whole armor of God. It is the whole armor that is needed, not merely a part of it, to make us able to withstand all evil. Whoever possesses the full armor does not shine with light that is the reflected goodness of another, but with that which is the result of personal endeavor and self-sacrifice.' At the close of the services Elder Henry called the attention of the assembly to the subject of the Manifesto ; stating, 'It is one of the avenues through which the light of truth can be published to the world ; and Brethren and Sisters who have the ability to speak, will find themselves equally able to write the same thoughts which they express so clearly in the time of worship. I would request all to regard the Manifesto as one of the essentials of our life ; to mention it in conversation with friends and conscientiously do what we can for its support.' At the close of the services, we thought that the worshipers might well feel that they had tasted of the good things of the Heavenly kingdom. It was one of many seasons where the soul feels what language cannot portray.