PEACE. 'Peace on Earth !' so full of inspiration and so essential for the happiness and prosperity of the race. After four thousand years of 'wars and rumors of wars' which had filled the earth with sin and sorrow, we have this proclamation of Peace. It comes from God, out of heaven, as an angel of love. Many honest and anxious souls had waited, for days and years through hope of this divine promise. It came and a few chosen disciples received it gladly, and faithful to the prophetic word of the servants of God, they turned their swords into ploughshares and their spears into pruning hooks and then equally as faithful to the testimony of Christ, covenanted together that they would learn war no more ; and during a term of two hundred years a Christian soldier could not be found in the Roman army. To be the messenger of Peace, was to accept a mission which would be like the dawning of a new day, and especially so at a time when the whole earth was seemingly the farthest from such an enviable condition. Coming out as conquerors, from some of the most savage battle fields, the iron heel of Rome had been placed on the necks of the weaker nations, and this pseudo proclamation of peace had been sent from the throne, but it was far from bringing the blessings of gospel peace to the many downtrodden souls. To them it was as it had been for many long years, the voice of slavery and the chains of servitude, subject to the bidding of an earthly potentate and of his cruel task-masters. Peace on earth ! This voice came as the voice of an angel of God to assure these earnest, prayerful souls that the day of their redemption was approaching, and that a peaceful earth and new heavens, the abode of those who became the peacemakers in the new creation of God wotdd be established in righteousness and love. It was to be the fulfillment of a long cherished hope, which had been maturing in the minds of those who had accepted the promise of God. Without this new revelation from God to man, the principles of a united brotherhood must have remained inactive. No proclamation from king or emperor could ever secure to any people the continuous growth of these heavenly treasures, which a community of Christians must have if they would succeed in establishing a permanent home among men. * Jesus seemed to realize this as he made reference to wars and rumors of wars that would take place on the earth. Nation would contend against nation, that they might, in their selfishness, dominate over those whom they were able to conquer. How carefully he gave the needed instruction to his disciples. He says to them, 'Learn of me.' The disciple must live as did the Teacher. His life must be the pattern ; and in this they have the divine promise of Rest. It was the great gift of God to their souls. The whole mission of Jesus was to lead his people to the kingdom of God and to teach them the government of their own minds. How best to live among men that they might be called the children of God. 'Put up thy sword,' said he, 'for he that takes the sword shall perish with the sword.' The children of the spiritual kingdom must be peacemakers, must interest themselves in the cultivation of Christian principles, and be able to conquer the world in themselves. As the advocacy of the peace principle was so essential in the work of redemption, our Communities should be as actively engaged, directly and indirectly, to establish, permanently, on the earth, this great blessing of God. It is the 'good news' and 'glad tidings' that has come to abide with the children of God. This gift now, becomes our privilege and our treasure ; and will be secured for us in the kingdom of heaven, 'where moth and rust cannot corrupt.' As disciples of our Lord the Christ, and as members of a Christian Community, our testimony should be heard earnestly and prayerfully, pleading for the manifestation of God's love to dwell in the hearts of men. 'Better is he that rules his own spirit, than he that conquers a city.' This is the government of self and if effectually accomplished, will be a victory over which there is every reason to rejoice.