Books and Papers. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. Sept. Contents: The Jackson Sanitoriuni: Chicago Vegetarian Society; Antivaccination Department; Department of Horticulture; Early Apples; A Glimpse of Eden; Some of my views on the subject of Hygiene; etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co., Kokomo, Ind. The Nationalist The Nationalist. Oct. Contents : Saved by Nationalism; The Need of a New Industrial System; Who are the Utopians? The Opportunity; The True Democracy; A Glance at the Past- and a Vision of the Future; etc. Office No. 77 Boylston St. Boston, Mass. The Ladies' Home Journal Campanini, the famous tenor, has written a striking article on 'How To Train the Voice' for The Ladies' Home Journal, and it will appear in the November number of that periodical. Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Journal of Health. Oct. Contents : The Death Penalty; The Science of Hygiene; Cheerful Talk; Physical Education in Relation to Mental Development; What Exercise Does; For Sea Sickness; Swimming Baths for Children; To Detect Adulteration in Milk; Home Made Soap; Care of the Skin; Children's Teeth; Diphtheria in Chewing Gum, etc. Office 218 Fulton St., N. Y. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health. Oct. Contents: Cardinal John H. Newman; Studies from Lavater; A Bit of Conversation; Margaret E. Sangster; Sketches of Phrenological Biography ; Practical Phrenology; Child Culture; Science of Health; Notes in Science and Industry; Poetry; Wisdom; Mirth, etc. Fowler &amp; Wells Co. 775 Broadway, N. Y. Prince of Peace We have received the advanced sheets of the 'Prince of Peace,' and take much pleasure in commending it as a work of high reputation. Those who are familiar with the writings of 'Pansy' are at once assured of an interesting and instructive publication. The book will contain some 600 pages and 300 illustrationsHere is the story about the fishermen of Galilee. 'These friends were a little way off washing their nets. They had been at work all night, but had caught no fish ; and now discouraged, had given up the attempt and were getting their nets ready to put away. Jesus stepped into one of the boats, which was Peter's, and motioning him to come, asked him to push out a little from shore. Peter did so, and Jesus sat down in the boat and talked to the people on shore; afterwards he turned to Peter and said; Go out a little farther from shore and let down your net.' Said Peter, 'It is no sort of use; we have been at work all night long, and haven't caught a fish,' and I suppose that he farther explained that the night was the time for catching fish, and if one failed then, it was folly to attempt by daylight. But I think he saw something in Jesus' face which made him hasten to add; 'Still, if you say so, we will let down the net again.' No sooner was it done than the fish were drawn into it in such numbers that the net began to break, Peter and his brother Andrew were so astonished that I suppose they hardly knew how to act.' Published by John Y. Huber, Co., Eleventh, Noble and Eidge Ave., Phila. Pa. THE KING'S DAUGHTERS' PRESIDENT. There are now nearly 200,000 'King's Daughters' in the land, and Mrs. Margaret Bottome, an energetic New York woman, is their President, as she is also the founder of the Order. With October 1st, Mrs. Bottome takes up the editorial pen, and becomes one of the editors of The Ladies' Nome Journal, in which periodical she will hereafter write and edit a department entirely devoted to the best interests of 'The King's Daughters.' Through this channel it is Mrs. Bottome's intention that her 'Daughters' and herself shall come closer together in feeling and sympathy. The smell of finely-scraped horse-radish is said to be... The smell of finely-scraped horse-radish is said to be an effectual cure for headache; also, that the chewing of a small quantity of horse-radish, swallowing the juice, is a sure cure for hoarseness.