HISTORY OF THE CHURCH OF MT. LEBANON, N. Y. No. 17. BELIEVERS BEFORE THE LEGISLATURE. A petition was presented to the Legislature about the beginning of the present century by a class who had seceded from the Society. They complained that while they were living in the Community they could not see their relatives. A committee was chosen to investigate the case, and they reported that if any one was aggrieved they could present their complaint: but there was no farther action. On the Kith of August 1813 and the loth of Aug. 1814 several of the Brethren were drafted in the war service. A Declaration was drawn up and presented to the Legislature, which gave a fair statement of our objections to the bill. As the Brethren had been repeatedly annoyed by the military officers of the town, a memorial was drawn up in 1816 and laid before the Senate. This was the first address ever sent by the Believers to the State Legislature. After a long and tedious attendance upon the Legislature, an act was passed for the relief of the Shakers, dated, March 29, 1816, which partially exempted them from military duty. An attempt was made at a later date to repeal the law of 1816 and to pass one which would require every able-bodied Shaker, between the ages of 18 and 45 years, to pay four dollars a year, as a substitute for military purposes. On the 21st of Apr. 1818 the law was passed and we decided to pay the unjust fines, for the sake of maintaining peace with the state. On June 4, 1820, a law was passed exempting the Believers in the State of New York from all military duties. In 1823 an additional law was passed, that those who were conscientiously scrupulous about doing military duty, should be exempt by paying four dollars a year. On the 8th of January 1824, twelve Brethren were taken from the Society at Watervliet and put in the jail at Albany, bat were liberated the next day. A memorial was presented to the Legislature by the Brethren on which the Committee made a favorable report, but it was not approved and lost. A memorial was then presented to Congress. It was read before the House but not acted on. The Brethren having been so cruelly harassed and their property taken for fines, the Society drew up another petition to present to the Legislature. This was reported favorably by the Committee, but being rejected by the House, it failed to produce the desired effect. In 1830 a motion was made to bring in a bill, that would abridge our rights and it was concluded to address a remonstrance to the Legislature. An article entitled, 'A Stepping Stone' was published and.also a pamphlet entitled, 'A Brief Exposition,' and these were laid before the House. But before the matter was fully investigated, our opponents gave it up and concluded to do no more about it, and the1 storm blew over. In 1838, a memorial was signed by the Brethren and Sisters to present to the Legislature to . obtain an act, authorizing the Trustees to hold property in trust, and at the same time our enemies presented a remonstrance against our memorial. The Committee reported favorably, but the bill was not acted on as the session closed soon after. In 1839 an effort was made to obtain an act confirming our deeds of Trust, and enabling us to hold deeds of real estate in future, as it was feared that the Revised Statutes which had been published had invalidated our right in this respect; as it was found tha-t some who left the Society, had taken advantage of this supposed deficiency in our trust Deeds. We learned that they had congratulated each other on the present good opportunity to seize upon the consecrated property and thus dissolve the Society. April 16, 1839. The bill confirming the right of Trusteeship has now become a law. This act restricted the annual income of our property to five thousand dollars. In 1848 an effort was made by our enemies in the Legislature to get the Trust act repealed, but they were not successful. In 1850 the Senate passed an inconsistent resolve requiring an exact account of all the real and personal property of every branch of our Community in the State of Xew York. In 1852 the Legislature was more exacting, and the people even in our own town presented a petition against us. The Believers presented a remonstrance signed by one hundred and fifty persons and a paper was signed by many of the citizens of Hudson in our behalf. The Legislature, instead of granting the petition that was against us, extended our charter to tweuty-iive thousand dollars instead of five thousand dollars, although the favor was unsolicited. This is the last case we have had in the Legislature to this date, 1858. [This closes the series of articles having reference to the history of Mount Lebanon. That it has been a subject of deep interest to many of our readers, we are quite well assured. Ed.]