Groveland, N. Y. O.t. 8. 1890. And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, whistled and shrieked through the chimneys and tree tops, and beat upon the houses and barns both great and small, and they stood erect, not one of them fell, for they were founded upon rocks, and the rocks could not be shaken. All this and much more has transpired since our last entry, for the recording agent to make mention of great and unlooked for and unhoped for destruction has swooped down upon, or swallowed up broad fields of high priced produce. The bean growers of western New York and many plantations north, south and east of this locality have sustained losses large and numerous. From the many acres planted we shall reap a light, very light harvest, so li^ht that its lightness reflects darkness more than brightness. For some have decayed and some they have grown, Again undisturbed in perfection are shown; A few to supply the vast future need Of the world's trade and traffic, grasping and greed. Yet harm that may come from earth, clouds and air Taxes, debts and mortgages, Are wrongs we deem unfair. And behold it came to pass during the past and present months that sowers went forth to sow, and their sowing was the sowing of good and perfect wheat. And when they sowed, the seed fell not by the wayside, therefore fowls came not to devour them up. Neither fell any upon stony places, where they had not much earth ; forthwith to spring up because of their lightness of soil. And when the sun was up, they were not scorched and because of their de?p roots they withered not away. And the seeds fell not among thorns; therefore when the thorns sprung up, they choked them not, for the thorns were far removed from the wheat fields. But all fell into good ground, for the ground was well prepared; much toil had so fashioned it, to bring forth fruit some a hundred-fold, and some sixty-fold, and some thirty-fold. 'Who hath ears to hear let him hear. Who hath eyes to see let him see.' The changeful seasons bring in their flight new and varied occupations, mental and manual labors disport anew in the limitless space of action. The marvelous Book of Nature, The book most readily read, With its pages all enchanting, With its golden volumes spread. Spread out before our vision, With its chapter bright and new, Its brilliant leaves we're turning, Ere we've read the preface through, Its contents numbers legion, To its index there's no end; Its title page is clearly This world with the next shall blend. The sunny days, and few there be in this water-fall season, invite the many out to see the wondrous sea of beauty that all around is spread in colors of gayest hue and shade; forest trees within the compass of our quiet retreat, and the distant hills Groveland and Sparta may be seen gorgeously clothed in all the loveliness of their fall costume, which at the slightest breeze is nearing the last fall. King Solomon in all his glory, could never be arrayed like one of these. The nutting ambition of the juvenile class is revived; each day armies go forth to battle for the much sought after prize. Nuts to crack and puzzles to guess, Will be their winter's restful rest. G. D. G.