Hancock, Mass. Oct. 13. The farm crops are nearly all secured, and we are moving along in 'the even tenor of our way,' preparing for the approaching winter. The fine crop of potatoes of which we made mention in our notes for Sept. are decaying. Then too, the almost perfect weather which we lauded so highly, took its departure immediately, and we have been blest with few pleasant days since. Yesterday was a day of rare beauty. In- spired by the glories that autumn unfolds, and the soft breezes that were borne on the wings of the sweet scented air, we embraced the opportunity to enjoy a ride to the celebrated town of Lenox. It was formerly the Shire-town of our county, and is famed for being the home of several renowned authors. It is also distinguished for being the summer resort of the lovers of the beautiful in nature ; and for people who, weary and worn with the friction, bustle and din of city life, seek retirement and health restoring tonics, that this grand old town, with its salubrious air, glorious scenery and romantic beauty affords. As we wended our way thitherward, over hill and dale, past field and forest, journeying now by the side of a murmuring rill, again passing near a sheet of clear water, formed perhaps by the Omnipotent Creator; then another which may have been artificially formed by man, we were forcibly impressed with the truth, that all things possessing life, whether of the animal or vegetable kingdom, have their seasons to live, grow and decay, while the human being alone holds in its animate form an immortal spirit, which must and will exist eternally. The leaves, which a few weeks ago wore a bright green, have taken on gorgeous hue?, as though in anticipation of a return to mother earth, and the golden rays of the sun beaming upon everything, greatly enhanced their beauty. We do not wonder that the people of densely populated cities are attracted to this romantic town. The Co. who are working our ore-mine think the prospect for obtaining large quantities of iron is bright, as a mountain of the best quality of ore lies below the surface. They have made a new building and will sink another shaft, thus increasing their facilities for more extensive operations. We have in our family an enterprising German boy eleven years of age, who has the past season trapped nineteen woodchucks, and it needs but one more to round up the score, two pole-cats added make good the number. Jack Frost has made us several visits, impressing us thoroughly with a knowledge of his presence on two occasions, by his rude behavior. To close our notes, will state that we are being wonderfully blest with health in our little circle, as there is not at present a name on the sick list. Hoping we may be able to appreciate our manifold blessings we close; wishing you abundant success and prosperity. J. L. S.