Editorial. THE CLOSING YEAR. With the closing of the current year, comes the ever pleasant privilege of contemplation. At this time we may have a very commendable reason for looking backward and reviewing the path in which we have walked, the places we have visited and make note of the persons with whom we have associated. 'But first and chief est with thee brinoHim that yon soars on golden wing, Guiding the fiery-wheeled throne, The cherub Contemplation.' Our lives in this world are quite worthy of all the care that may be extended to them. The health of the body, an inestimable treasure, stands prominently in the foreground. ''First that which is natural,' in which one holds a relation to the world and its order of life. It is the natural man that is standing erect, and disciplining himself to the laws of a higher intelligence, in anticipation of 'transforming himself by the renewing of his mind, that he may prove what is good and acceptable to the perfect will of God.' All should be disciplined to love righteousness and to accept the guidance which Wisdom has so beautifully marked out for the willing mind. To live in a state of indifference respecting these vital points, is as the faithful record bears witness, not only dangerous, but ruinous. The immortality of our being demands recognition and we prove ourselves more than unprofitable servants if we selfishly attempt to escape from that duty which the spirit of God has imposed upon us. In a few more days the eventful twelve months, into which we forced so many anxious hopes, will have passed away. Then we saw as 'through a glass darkly,' but now the light discloses all. What unnumbered privileges have been vouchsafed to us, and what treasures of good have teen secured in the kingdom of God, as we count up our victories over wrong. 'We have fought the good fight,' we have resisted many temptations and dispelled many doubts, while in earnest prayer and clad with the armor of God. And now we rejoice in the unfailing promise that the whole catalogue of evil deeds are to be blotted out when the conquering power of God's love is manifest in the soul. It is then that we are ashamed of the crooked paths in which we have at times, allowed our feet to walk. It is then that we might wish to forget that we have kept company with the profane, with the vulgar and with those who dared to make light of sacred things, while we passively smiled a recognition to that conversation which would have burned our cheeks, had others known the discourse of the hour. 'Whatsoever a man soweth, that also shall he reap.' It is well to look forward and resolutely dare to do right. It is well to look forward and make all due preparation for becoming established on a sure foundation which may not be overthrown in the day when temptation is around us. Let every reader of the Manifesto look forward and resolve with the Apostle, to live soberly, righteously and Godly in this present world. AVhile this is our Christian privilege, it is also our moral dut}r to ourselves and no less to those by whom we are surrounded. While the past may afford many lessons of admonition and of encouragement, or the future be portentous with stormclouds or radiant with brightness, the present, the ever present, is the golden opportunity in which to establish a character that will be an honor to our beautiful gospel home.