Enfield, N. H. We send in our hearty thanks to all the writers of 'Notes,' and to all the dear ones whom these writers are delegated to represent, for their thoughtful kindness, in wishing us in advance, a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. We would gladly echo the wish in return, with all the loving words which the season of Christmas-tide should make genuine, but shall trust to the white winged messengers who attend us, to make it realized. More soul union is what we need, causing all to understand the real worth of the hundred fold relation, here and now. Indeed, we do not expect aught but persecution from those wlio prefer the broad way for 'the world loveth its own,' but let those who have been called to 'Sing the advent, with no uncertain sound,' rally to the rescue of the virgin banner, and cleave to the truth which forms a bond of union indissoluble. At this writing, we are having regular winter weather, mercury below zero, but it does not follow that this statement would be a truthful one, even for the mor- row, as the old time steady going habits of the weather clerk, are among the things that are entirely out of date, at the present time. Old Mascoma folded her arms, and locked in silence the dancing waves, for an all winter's rest, on Dec. 3rd., just a little earlier than last year; but the skating season was brief, as snow, which we hope has 'come to stay,' soon covered both ice and terra firma. Open, mild winters seem to generate colds, often with serious results, and as we would gladly vote these' off the year's programme entirely, we welcome cool, brisk air, instead of the 'insipid' quality laden with disease. Our Sisters have more orders for heavy knit goods, (sweaters) than they can conveniently fill; if this profit could only help to beautify our home, by putting a much needed coat of paint on some of our buildings, what a blessing it would be. Three were painted before the Notes made their appearance, but the remaining ones look as if not only hope, but paint has been deferred, until they are sadly in need. Linen bosomed shirts are also constantly coming from a Boston firm, which proves how perishable are all earthly things, or there would be a lull in the making of apparel. Dear Sisters, from Maine to Kentucky, let us in the year that is just dawning, bear in mind, that while 'Our hands to needful toil are given,' we are also weaving other garments, not of material texture, that shall clothe the spirit; living in the present and providing for the future. Happy thought! E. B.