CONFESSION Oliver C. Hampton Within the latent initutions of man's inmost spirit, are developed power, strength, courage, boldness and true repentance unto radical reform of inward and outward life, by a sincere confession of all known sin, an auricular confession. Neither Jesus nor Mother Ann can be considered singular, in imposing this indispensable obligation of religion upon their followers. The Hierophants of ancient Egypt required of every neophyte an auricular confession of every known sin as a first condition toward an introduction into the sublime mysteries of their religious order. This requisition upon the Jewish church including Pharisees, Sadducees and Essenes, is familiar to all Bible students. There are many excellent reasons why we should all have a share in this peaceproducing privilege. But you will ask, 'How do you explain the case of poor brother Achan who was stoned to death upon confessing his theft of a wedge of gold and a Babylonish garment?' Answer. His psychic life was not lost to begin with, but merely re-absorbed into his inmost spirit (whence it originated) and by his confession he underwent a process of evolution and spiritual devel- opment, without which he could never have occupied the condition of glory, atone-ment with God, man and the invulnerable peace he now enjoys. 'If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgi re us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.' So friend Achan must be one of the accepted in Heaven. Used as a type the legend goes to show, that in Lrue and sincere confession and repentance, the man of sin, whatever that means, loses his life, and is blotted out forever. But again, the Christ of the universe, see John, L, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, inspired the Divine inmost of Jesus' spiritual intuitions and raised him nearer to his own level. Jesus did the same with his disciples and they with hundreds and thousands, the whole Pentecostal Church. Here is a mediato THE MANIFESTO. 13 rial process or plan of mediation in accordance with that sublime law of the universe enunciated by Paul, that 'without all contradiction the less is blest of the better.' Auricular confession is one of the results of this great law. The sorrowing and afflicted soul weighing itself in the balance of higher and better intuitions and convictions and finding itself wanting yearns to unburden itself to some approachable finite being superior to itself in goodness, perfection and power. This is an irresistible instinct in man and an inevitable result of the above law. When any one feels the full force of this instinct and obeys its suggestions by confessing his or her sins to some upright person, he or she will not fail to feel relieved and absolved from all further guilt and uneasiness, especially if such strenuously endeavor to reform and live thereafter righteously before God. But they will find a present releasement and comfort, and this of itself often leads to a sincere desire and resolution to live a good and holy life when all other means to reach such a desideratum have failed. Union Village, Ohio.