THE NEW YEAR With the current number of the Manifesto, we enter the twentyfirst Volume. Twenty-one years of age ! We have all reason for pleasant congratulations ! It has attained to its majority and now stands an effective representative of the Order that originated it. Anxious anticipations have occupied the minds of those who looked forward to the present day when our little paper could be credited with an honorable age, as well as to know that it was a herald of truth and wisdom. For twenty-one years the Manifesto has been a faithful exponent of that gospel testimony which Jesus has said would save his people from their sins. Like the sower in the parable, the Manifesto has scattered the good seed to the right and left, trusting in faith that it would, in God's time, bring forth much fruit. In this, all have reason for rejoicing, through the law of compensation, that 'whatsoever a man soweth that also shall he reap.' If he works in the interest of a spiritual life, he is promised life everlasting ; but if he works selfishly in the interest of a worldly life, he must receive a corresponding reward. Many of the faithful laborers who entered with commendable zeal into the work which has been the life of the Manifesto, have passed on to their heavenly rest. They were its pioneers. They devised the plan, overcame a multitude of obstacles, and rejoiced in a satisfactory progress. It was an advancing movement and the laborers were earnest and determined in the projection, and no less in the success which they had anticipated would follow the enterprise. Accepting a more extended view, the work was from the united efforts of the whole household of faith. It was wanted as a spirit messenger, to bear the testimony of light and truth, and there has been a generous contribution to its prosperity. In return, all have shared in the universal THE MANIFESTO. 15 blessing that comes from having done our duty before God. From the first, the Manifesto has been doing a good work, and so closely conjoined are the past and present that it is difficult to separate one from the other. It was well understood that something must be presented to the mind, that the development may be correctly carried out as was anticipated. We learn from what we see and hear, and the religious life is largely dependent upon that form of literature or upon the hearing of words of divine light, of faith in God and in practical righteousness. The first thing that is needed, is a change, in thought, in word and in deed ; a new position to be occupied if one would insure success as a Christian. Paul says, 'Faith comes by hearing,' and he was correct. It comes now by hearing, and comes as freely and fully by reading. If the soul can be reached, that it may see the light of a new and better day, faith must follow as the inspiration of God. It is the power of the press that is working such miraculous wonders in the world of thought to-day. Men are carried to the right and left by this silent but powerful manifestation, and are readily made the servants of sin, or the teachers of morality, as the will of this potent element may determine. Believers must accept the situation, as a matter of course, and then work as God gives them life and ability, in diffusing the light which they have received. Although the efforts may be small and feeble, they may prophetically speaking, be like 'the stone that smote the Image, and filled the whole earth.' If the little Manifesto is all that we are able to present to the world, for the growing of faith toward God, we may even in that publish the 'good news and glad tidings' which have been so liberally bestowed upon his people. Xo effort to do good is ever lost. Three pages of this number of the Manifesto, instead of one page, is occupied with the Anthem, 'Praise The Lord.' We trust that the good words and sweet music will inspire every singer and reader to praise the Lord. Through the kindness of friends we are able to distribute several copies of the Manifesto gratuitously. We will send a copy of the paper, one year, free to any one sending us his or her address.