[Contributed by Emil Schreiter.] TRUE HAPPINESS. NO. 2 'The blessed in heaven behold God face to face, that is, are as sensible of his presence as we are of the presence of any person whom we look upon with our eyes. There is, doubtless, a faculty in spirits by which they apprehend one another as our senses do material objects ; and there is no question but our souls, when they are disembodied, or placed in glorified bodies, will by this faculty, in whatever part of space they reside, be always sensible of the divine presence. 8 THE MANIFESTO. Vvro who have this veil of flesh standing between us and the world of spirits, must be content to know that the Spirit of God is present with us, by th? effects which He produces in us. Our outward senses are too gross to comprehend Him ; we may, however, taste and see how gracious He is, by his influence upon our minds, by those virtuous thoughts which He awakens in us, by those secret comforts and refreshments which He conveys into our souls, and by those rav- ishing joys and inward satisfactions which are perpetually springing up and diffusing themselves among all the thoughts of good men. He is lodged in our very essence, and is as a soul within the soul to irradiate its understanding, rectify its will, purify its passions and enliven all the powers of man. How happy therefore is an intellectual being, who, by prayer and meditation, by virtue and good works, opens this communication between God and his own soul! Though the whole creation frowns upon him, and all nature looks black about him, he has his light and support within him, winch is able to cheer his mind, and bear him up in the midst of all those horrors which encompass him. He knows that his helper is at hand, and is always nearer to him than anything else can be, which is capable of annoying or terrifying him. In the midst of calumny or contempt he attends to that Being who whispers better things to his soul, whom he looks upon as his defender, his glory, and thelifter-up of his head. In his deepest solitude and retirement he knows that he is in company with the greatest of beings : and perceives within himself such real sensations of his presence, as are more delightful than anything that can be met in the conversation of his creatures. Even in the hour of death he considers the pains of his dissolution to be nothing else but the breaking down of that partition, which stands between his soul and the sight of that Being who is always present with him, and is about to manifest itself to him in fulness of joy. If we would be thus happy and thus sensible of our Maker's presence, from the secret effects of his mercy and goodness, we must keep such a watch over all our thoughts, that, in the language of the Scripture, his soul may have pleasure in us. We must take care not to grieve his Holy Spirit, and endeavor to make the meditations of our hearts always acceptable inhis sight, that he may delight thus to reside and dwell in us. Jesus Christ says : 'If a man love me he will keep my words ; and my Father will love him and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him.'' 'Happiness, tliou lovely name, Where's thy seat, O tell me, where? Learning, pleasure, wealth and fame, All confess—'It is not here!' Not the wisdom of the wise Can inform me where it lies; Not the grandeur of the great Can the bliss I seek create. Lord, it is not life to live, If thy presence thou deny; Lord, if tliou thy presence give, 'Tis no longer death to die; Source and Giver of repose Singly from thy smile it flows; Peace and happiness are thine: Mine they are, if Tliou art mine.' —Selected from the Spectator.