NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon N. Y. Center Family. The poet has said, and many have repeated it after him, that 'It is greatly wise to talk with our past hours, and ask them what report they bore to heaven.'' May we so spend them, as they come to us in rotation, that the review will be a pleasure and not a burden; that the record will be of reports to heaven and not to that opposite place where all is sorrow, guilt and woe! And little if any, to that intermediate place, where things are so mixed it is hard to tell whether good or ill preponderates. Our farmers have done their thrashing, and find 860 bushels of oats, produced from 6J*j acres. The family nearest, north of us, had 808 bushels from about 26 acres. Nov. 21.—An alarm of fire roused our Tillage, at 8,30, P. M. At the South Fam- ily was the scene of the conflagration— building, a sweet corn drying kiln—loss about $4,000—falls principally on church family, as they were using the kiln. Health of family, thriving, spiritually and temporally. How can we help it with so much blessing and encouragement. Love to all readers of the Manifesto, and a Happy New Year. Special love to the Editor and workers on the Manifesto. North. Family. Dec. 14, 1890. Volume No. 20 became complete on the 3rd. inst., and it will be found to be a very interesting book. I hope every person under forty years of age, among Believers will read it all through; all those above forty will find very much in it to instruct, edify and profit. After much labor and dust, we have got our new boilers in operation, and having plenty of coal in the cellar and wood in the pile, we feel abundantly able to hold our own at seventy degrees against any attack from North, West or East, of Zero or blizzard. The Canaan family have harvested their ice, some eight inches thick. We expect to do the same pretty soon. We kept thanksgh ing as usual, held meeting in the forenoon, in which we read the account of Jefferson, the then President of the United States, refusing to issue a proclamation calling on the people to hold a religious festival. All honor to Jefferson, not because we are not grateful, but because we like everybody to keep the eleventh commandment. Our cooks did themselves great honor in the preparation of dinner. No turkey, calf, ox or hog disgraced our table. It was emblematical of Peace on earth, good will to man and beast. In the afternoon we showed our thankfulness, by putting things in order; gathering up the fragments and cultivating the good old Believer spirit and gift of prudence and economy. It would have been much more in accordance with our faith and ideas if our Ministry had appointed the day, and not the Governor. We have had considerable of late to incite us to care, and to search out danger in relation to fire, both by impressions, dreams and experience. We have not searched in vain, neither is our extra care unrewarded. A pail of water, a small hand engine, or fire extinguisher is more effective as a preventive, than floods of water as a cure. We ought to be in such a spiritual, receptive condition that we could always heed the admonitions and warnings of our good guardian spirits; and thus bring the science of Spiritu- alism into practical use. Wishing all my gospel friends a Happy New Tear with increased zeal to support and make more interesting and profitable the Manifesto, I am in kindest love, D. Offord Hancock, Mass. Dec. 11. 1890. Dear Editok:—To the readers of the Manifesto we extend kindly greetings. May peace like a benediction rest upon each one as the Old Tear closes its brief existence; and may health, happiness and prosperity be apportioned to all, especially the Household of faith throughout the coming New Tear. May God's blessing 16 THE MANIFESTO. 17 crown, as heretofore, the unceasing efforts of our efficient Editor, and unity, love and spiritual power be increased in our Zion Homes. We have thus far had only light snowfalls, yet, the ground being well frozen there is good sleighing which the Teamsters are improving. As King Winter with his chilling breath, compels us to be more retired, and increased opportunities for reflection are afforded, we hope, with good Eld. Timothy, to be able to gather more of the fruits of the Spirit. Br. Daniel in Nov. number gives us sound and valuable truths. His remarks upon thankfulness, impure air, and foul drains are truths which humanity would do well to accept and wisely heed. We have long been convinced that proper ventilation, and good drainage are essential to health and happiness, also that cleanlmess is next to Godliness. Our Venerable Father Elder Frederick utters another truth when he says 'no one can be a perfect Christian unless he has good bread to eat, and much less, ex- except he breathes pure air.' We believe in good conditions. Our environments have much to do with our happiness. J. L. S. Enfield, Conn. At the outset of the new year, new thoughts and new plans should be formed in our minds. We must rise to higher degrees of goodness, not merely to do better work on the farm, but to cherish better purposes of soul culture, and to make our influence more and more felt for good. It is a great mistake not to fill up the spare moments with something useful. While the world is advancing all around vis, we must not stand still. Let us cultivate the heart as well as the land. It will be the best investment we can make. We should begin the new year with a will to make the most of time. The years are made up of months, weeks, days and hours, and it is for us to improve them the best we know how. Let us walk in the right path—it is plain. A change of food now and then seems to suit the taste of a cow as well as that of a man. Cows are most sensitive to cold and hard fare, and the food we give them ought to be such as to keep up the heat of the body as well as the supply of the elements that increase the secretion of milk. Because a hen may be forced to eat almost anything, we should not give her bad food and then expect well flavored eggs. Hens should not be obliged to drink bad water. Hens with low combs are the best layers in winter. The combs are not apt to be frosted, in which case hens never do well. Care, caution, and common sense will raise more chickens than all other remedies. D. Orcutt