NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon N. Y. Center Family. The poet has said, and many have repeated it after him, that 'It is greatly wise to talk with our past hours, and ask them what report they bore to heaven.'' May we so spend them, as they come to us in rotation, that the review will be a pleasure and not a burden; that the record will be of reports to heaven and not to that opposite place where all is sorrow, guilt and woe! And little if any, to that intermediate place, where things are so mixed it is hard to tell whether good or ill preponderates. Our farmers have done their thrashing, and find 860 bushels of oats, produced from 6J*j acres. The family nearest, north of us, had 808 bushels from about 26 acres. Nov. 21.—An alarm of fire roused our Tillage, at 8,30, P. M. At the South Fam- ily was the scene of the conflagration— building, a sweet corn drying kiln—loss about $4,000—falls principally on church family, as they were using the kiln. Health of family, thriving, spiritually and temporally. How can we help it with so much blessing and encouragement. Love to all readers of the Manifesto, and a Happy New Year. Special love to the Editor and workers on the Manifesto. North. Family. Dec. 14, 1890. Volume No. 20 became complete on the 3rd. inst., and it will be found to be a very interesting book. I hope every person under forty years of age, among Believers will read it all through; all those above forty will find very much in it to instruct, edify and profit. After much labor and dust, we have got our new boilers in operation, and having plenty of coal in the cellar and wood in the pile, we feel abundantly able to hold our own at seventy degrees against any attack from North, West or East, of Zero or blizzard. The Canaan family have harvested their ice, some eight inches thick. We expect to do the same pretty soon. We kept thanksgh ing as usual, held meeting in the forenoon, in which we read the account of Jefferson, the then President of the United States, refusing to issue a proclamation calling on the people to hold a religious festival. All honor to Jefferson, not because we are not grateful, but because we like everybody to keep the eleventh commandment. Our cooks did themselves great honor in the preparation of dinner. No turkey, calf, ox or hog disgraced our table. It was emblematical of Peace on earth, good will to man and beast. In the afternoon we showed our thankfulness, by putting things in order; gathering up the fragments and cultivating the good old Believer spirit and gift of prudence and economy. It would have been much more in accordance with our faith and ideas if our Ministry had appointed the day, and not the Governor. We have had considerable of late to incite us to care, and to search out danger in relation to fire, both by impressions, dreams and experience. We have not searched in vain, neither is our extra care unrewarded. A pail of water, a small hand engine, or fire extinguisher is more effective as a preventive, than floods of water as a cure. We ought to be in such a spiritual, receptive condition that we could always heed the admonitions and warnings of our good guardian spirits; and thus bring the science of Spiritu- alism into practical use. Wishing all my gospel friends a Happy New Tear with increased zeal to support and make more interesting and profitable the Manifesto, I am in kindest love, D. Offord Hancock, Mass. Dec. 11. 1890. Dear Editok:—To the readers of the Manifesto we extend kindly greetings. May peace like a benediction rest upon each one as the Old Tear closes its brief existence; and may health, happiness and prosperity be apportioned to all, especially the Household of faith throughout the coming New Tear. May God's blessing 16 THE MANIFESTO. 17 crown, as heretofore, the unceasing efforts of our efficient Editor, and unity, love and spiritual power be increased in our Zion Homes. We have thus far had only light snowfalls, yet, the ground being well frozen there is good sleighing which the Teamsters are improving. As King Winter with his chilling breath, compels us to be more retired, and increased opportunities for reflection are afforded, we hope, with good Eld. Timothy, to be able to gather more of the fruits of the Spirit. Br. Daniel in Nov. number gives us sound and valuable truths. His remarks upon thankfulness, impure air, and foul drains are truths which humanity would do well to accept and wisely heed. We have long been convinced that proper ventilation, and good drainage are essential to health and happiness, also that cleanlmess is next to Godliness. Our Venerable Father Elder Frederick utters another truth when he says 'no one can be a perfect Christian unless he has good bread to eat, and much less, ex- except he breathes pure air.' We believe in good conditions. Our environments have much to do with our happiness. J. L. S. Enfield, Conn. At the outset of the new year, new thoughts and new plans should be formed in our minds. We must rise to higher degrees of goodness, not merely to do better work on the farm, but to cherish better purposes of soul culture, and to make our influence more and more felt for good. It is a great mistake not to fill up the spare moments with something useful. While the world is advancing all around vis, we must not stand still. Let us cultivate the heart as well as the land. It will be the best investment we can make. We should begin the new year with a will to make the most of time. The years are made up of months, weeks, days and hours, and it is for us to improve them the best we know how. Let us walk in the right path—it is plain. A change of food now and then seems to suit the taste of a cow as well as that of a man. Cows are most sensitive to cold and hard fare, and the food we give them ought to be such as to keep up the heat of the body as well as the supply of the elements that increase the secretion of milk. Because a hen may be forced to eat almost anything, we should not give her bad food and then expect well flavored eggs. Hens should not be obliged to drink bad water. Hens with low combs are the best layers in winter. The combs are not apt to be frosted, in which case hens never do well. Care, caution, and common sense will raise more chickens than all other remedies. D. Orcutt Harvard, Mass. Dec. 1890. Dear Editor:—Winter has come in earnest. The thermometer indicates four degrees below zero. We have two inches of snow, and quite good sleigrhing. Those who have been tormented with aches and pains and were included on the sick list, are much better. What a blessing it would be if we only understood the laws that influence the soul and body and be able to keep out of the hands of the Physicians. Our sympathy goes out for our dear friends at Mt. Lebanon who have just passed through another fiery ordeal. What a hard master this fiery element is, when not under control. It is ever a reminder to us to be careful and leave every place properly protected. The Notes in the last Manifesto were beautifully written. They were read with deep interest by all. We await anxiously the coming of the paper but the Nov. number entered the Village and took us by surprise. On entering the family Dwelling we found Eldress Ellen Greene, surrounded by a company of Sisters, reading the 'Notes' in the Nov. Manifesto, and we entered, at once, into the same inspiration. Love to all gospel friends, and a 'Happy New Year.' A. B. White Water, O. Nov. 1890. Dear Editor:—I have neglected my items for December, but will now give you something for the New Year. Br. Henry Gross and the writer spent a few days among our gospel friends at Union Viilage, O. We left home the 8th. of Nov. and returned the 11th. We had a very pleasant visit; attended a singing service, Sabbath A. M. and an hour of worship with the family in the P. M. The service was very profitable and interesting. Elder Oliver Hampton and Elder Charles Clapp, both preached good sermons. On Monday A. M., Br. Thomas Mann accompanied vis all over the place, and in the P. M. Br. James Fennesey, and one of the Ministry went with us to the West and North families, and we enjoyed a very pleasant visit with all the beloved Brethren and Sisters. On Tuesday we started homeward well satisfied with our privilege. We have purchased an Incubator, which holds 300 eggs. Have built a new fence around our Cemetery. This im- proves the place very much. H. W. F. White Water, O. Nov. 1890. The long drouth of the past season, injured the potato crop about one third, and the crop of corn did not reach our expectations. H. B. B. Enfield, N. H. We send in our hearty thanks to all the writers of 'Notes,' and to all the dear ones whom these writers are delegated to represent, for their thoughtful kindness, in wishing us in advance, a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. We would gladly echo the wish in return, with all the loving words which the season of Christmas-tide should make genuine, but shall trust to the white winged messengers who attend us, to make it realized. More soul union is what we need, causing all to understand the real worth of the hundred fold relation, here and now. Indeed, we do not expect aught but persecution from those wlio prefer the broad way for 'the world loveth its own,' but let those who have been called to 'Sing the advent, with no uncertain sound,' rally to the rescue of the virgin banner, and cleave to the truth which forms a bond of union indissoluble. At this writing, we are having regular winter weather, mercury below zero, but it does not follow that this statement would be a truthful one, even for the mor- row, as the old time steady going habits of the weather clerk, are among the things that are entirely out of date, at the present time. Old Mascoma folded her arms, and locked in silence the dancing waves, for an all winter's rest, on Dec. 3rd., just a little earlier than last year; but the skating season was brief, as snow, which we hope has 'come to stay,' soon covered both ice and terra firma. Open, mild winters seem to generate colds, often with serious results, and as we would gladly vote these' off the year's programme entirely, we welcome cool, brisk air, instead of the 'insipid' quality laden with disease. Our Sisters have more orders for heavy knit goods, (sweaters) than they can conveniently fill; if this profit could only help to beautify our home, by putting a much needed coat of paint on some of our buildings, what a blessing it would be. Three were painted before the Notes made their appearance, but the remaining ones look as if not only hope, but paint has been deferred, until they are sadly in need. Linen bosomed shirts are also constantly coming from a Boston firm, which proves how perishable are all earthly things, or there would be a lull in the making of apparel. Dear Sisters, from Maine to Kentucky, let us in the year that is just dawning, bear in mind, that while 'Our hands to needful toil are given,' we are also weaving other garments, not of material texture, that shall clothe the spirit; living in the present and providing for the future. Happy thought! E. B. Sabbathday Lake Dec. 1890. A Happy New Year gospel kindred! Can you not hear the echo of greetings THE MANIFESTO. 19 from the little band at Sabbathday Lake? We wish you all a Glad and Happy New Year, those living among the mountains in N. Y. and N. H., also those dwelling in the sunny vallies of Ky., Conn., Ohio and Mass., our sister Society at Alfred and not forgetting the little band in Philadelphia. Our earnest desire is that we may grow and prosper in our beautiful Zion homes. We are not dying out. We know of the joy unspeakable and full of glory we feel from day to day while living out the principles of Jesus Christ, whose birth we love to celebrate and we are determined to 'Lift the virgin banner higher up.' With us, winter has commenced in ear- nest. We hear the jingle of sleigh bells and many teams are engaged hauling lumber, wood &amp;c, which seems to be the leading industry just now. Our lake was fro- zen over the 29th. of Nov. and in a few weeks the ice harvest will begin. General good health prevails at present. Our Sisters are engaged weaving plush rugs which we find to be a profitable business, at the same time keeping along those domestic duties so needful to our existence. A. S. C. Groveland, N. Y. Dec. 10, 1890. The morning dawns, the noonday wanes And night comes on apace; The seasons come, 'and seasons go A never ceasing chase. The weeks fly on with lightning speed And whirl the months away; The years they come and years they go Time's march makes no delay. The earth revolves and man evolves Dissolves this earthly frame, Yet sun and moon and stars above Forever shine the same. The mind Immortal e'er resolves To live expand and grow, Grow in the image of the Lord, And constant progress know. A few short days ago we were taking the last notes of the departing year 1889. This P. M. finds us again engaged in the same occupation, signing the final notes for the year 1890. Only a few more frosty mornings and the dear old year will be counted among the past. For three-hundred and forty-four days we have been constant companions, during its reign we have found new acquaintances and formed lasting friendships, that will ever brighten and gladden our eternal existence. A new and valuable Hay Press was recently introduced, working wonders most satisfactorily. The machine is manufactured at Quincy, 111. and is named 'Victor' in honor of its great capacity for perfecting good and pleasing results. The Press presses from thirteen to fourteen tons per day. George Estel Proprietor, and A. J. Crans Agent for the Victor Hay Press. Last week Brother William Bussell whose age numbers nine times nine, performed a bold and daring feat on his hands and feet. A long freight train became detached on a down grade, blockading the road he wished to cross, and not caring to be delayed by the untimely intrusion he found access to the opposite side by going underneath the Avaiting car, just as he finished his perilous journey the engine neared the detached portion and started the train, but William the brave was safe, and has agreed never to repeat such bravery. His fearless accomplishment commends him to the ranks of the heroic. Ice weather has dawned again in all its coldness, clearness, glory and beauty. Snow storms numberless call out tlie juvenile class whose jubilent spirits find jubilee in the fun of ascension and descension. D. G. D.