Union Village, O., Nov. 1890. Dear and Beloved Brother, J. S.— Your letter of the 18th. inst. was received in due time, and with pleasure I respond. I may not be able to convert you to our most holy faith, for if the Father does not draw a soul, then are all human endeavors in vain, but I consider it to be my duty to do all I can to convince you of the truth, that God has established his holy Zion on earth, but 'darkness covered the earth and mankind comprehended it not.' For your own eternal salvation's sake, beloved brother, be careful not to condemn what you do not understand. You are ignorant in your zeal as was the beloved Apostle Paul, when he persecuted the primitive Christians, notwithstanding he became, afterwards, a chosen instru- ment of the Lord. I pray God to enlighten your spirit, that you may become convinced how far you are lost in ignorance and superstition, while condemning our heavenly Mother, who by the infinite grace of God was made the true medium to usher in the New Jerusalem, the City of God, which has been flourishing and prospering for more than a century past. I was called into our Community when I was twenty-nine years of age. My present age is seventy-nine years. By the favor and grace of God I have been blessed with visions, have spoken to, and have seen the good angels and happy spirits during many years. It was my good fortune to come among this people during the time of a great revival, which lasted seven years. There was hardly a day or an hour but that some one was under the influence of inspiration. They lay in trances for hours, and spoke in diverse languages, the same as the primitive Christians. They were shown, during such times, the state of happiness of the redeemed in the spheres of bliss, as well as the state of the wicked. Strict chastity and virgin purity were always and ever will be our first principle and practical doctrine and all who live in them are under the special protection and blessing of God. The Lord has guided and protected me so far beyond all my expectations. The good angels of God promised me that, if I would faithfully confess and forsake my transgressions and live a pure life, I should always be blessed and protected, and so I was in deed and in truth. The people of God are peacemakers, not warriors, as are the so-called Christian nations. We honor and respect those monks and nuns among the Catholics, who have, since the time of the primitive Church, professedly lived a celibate life, and we now wonder how they could so far degenerate from the true primitive church, as to advocate war and bloodshed, 12 THE MANIFESTO. which they did for one thousand six hundred years. During our Mexican war, Catholic priests were attached to the Irish regiments, praying to God for victory to kill their fellow-men! 'Whence come wars and fightings among you, come they not hence, even of your lusts which war in your members?' Christ's people have crucified the flesh with its affections and lusts, and those who neglect this important work are not true Christians! Jesus said, 'If any one ¦ will come after me, let him deny himself, take up his cross and follow me.' It is written, 'Arise from the dead. Are ye risen from the dead, seek those things above.' Jesus declared 'When they rise from the dead they neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are equal unto the angels and are the children of God being the children of the resurrection.' 'If ye live after the flesh ye shall die.' 'To be carnally minded is death.' It is generally admitted that during the first three hundred years the Christians did live a celibate life, but when the emperor Constantine adopted the Christian religion A. D. 330, they rapidly fell away and united with the world, so that, when Pope Leo came into power, the last spark of true Christianity expired. In 1747 the work of Christ's second appearing, in a preparatory manner, began, and Christ's true kingdom, God's holy Zion on earth, was fully established at the beginning of this present century. 'By their works ye shall know them.' Xow to conclude, if the Believers of our Community, have not proved and manifested it by their good works during more than a century, they are hypocrites. If they have lived a pure, honest and holy life, every intelligent person must consider them to be the true people ¦ of God and sincere Christians. Remember, false Christs and Prophets shall appear in these last days, if it were possible, to deceive the very elect. May God and Christ Jesus bless you. Charles J. Preter