REMINISCENCES Ernest Pick We were mending the road north of the Brethren's shop when Elder Frederic said: 'Sit down and rest yourself.' After having graded a piece of road to his satisfaction and while waiting for another load of stones he took a seat by my side. 'That was quite an excitement last night,' he said, alluding to a fire at the South family where a hired man had been left in charge of a furnace. 'That is one of the abominations of the first cycle, coming from the land monopoly and consequent system of hirelings; when the King of Syria made war against the King of Israel he commanded his captains to fight neither with small nor great, save only with the King of Israel. Likewise, the Believers of the first cycle and dispensation. The flesh is the king of all evils and all their spiritual power and knowledge was concentrated to hate and destroy the flesh, the root of all evil, and not to fight with small nor great besides. Hygienic and dietetic reforms were not in the sphere of their dispensation. But Believers in the second cycle of gospel dispensation,' and a bright fire gleamed in his prophetic looks, 'will do away with small and great. To the testimony against the flesh will be added that of temperance in all things. Killing animals for their meat will be discarded, and likewise land monopoly and its due appendix of hired labor. Vegetarianism is spreading all over the old country, England and Germany especially. Woman takes hold of this important reform and in her hands it will grow, spread, enlighten and heal the world. This is one of the woman's questions, which does not argue about such tilings, does not seek to adjust or cure them all, but covers them as if it did not see. There will be no end to woman's ingenuity in preparing our daily bread-food from the vegetable kingdom. Look at the elegant table our Sisters spread 'and nothing that defileth' thereon.'' Truly, Elder Frederic, our meals are so many feasts, palatable and wholesome, worthy of a prince indeed. 'Moreover,' he resumed, 'nature's products and vege- tation are still a great secret to man; an inexhaustible mine of good things in their manifold chemical combinations. Man ought to have intelligence enough to make an article like milk out of vegetables, if needed at all. Butter is made out of cocoanuts, and their export from Bombay to Germany for this purpose is increasing. Man will free himself from taking care of cattle. As Believers discarded tobacco, alcohol and pork, so they will cease to eat meat and learn how to live true to nature, and nature's laws. Farming and agri- culture, then, will take another aspect and much of our time and labor will be gained. There is a great work to do for the second cycle and it will be successful beyond present conception.' With beaming features, the prophet, in vision, measured the distant horizon and his inspiring words and his eloquent silence created waves of happiness in my exalted heart. Unnumbered fields of light and progress unfolded before my vision, uncounted works to will and to do for the righteous. And over all was spread in golden hue, the ether of wisdom and goodness, with glory beyond glory, and glory beyond that. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y..