Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., Dec. 1890. M. M. Keniston, Dear Sister :— In reply to the momentous questions you asked in the Nov. Manifesto, I would just say that in the laws of the worldly-wise, Political Economy teach- es that the direct applications of labor to production are transmutation, transformation and transportation, or change of element, a change of form, and a change of place. Yet the indirect application though less obvious is of equal importance, the former being entirely dependent upon the latter. Under this head,—among many others, comes the worker who provides and prepares the food, clothing and shelter, for the producer. All the labor comprised in the raising and care pf children, who are themselves to become laborers, is also reck- oned here, for were their labor wanting, the productive force of the world would soon cease. The toil involved in education either as teacher or learner, is necessary to production, as it adds to the power and efficiency of the individual; for all of the industries require more or less intelligence, and the more of this the worker has, other things beingequal, the greater will be the productive efficiency. There is no calling in THE MANIFESTO. 11 which ignorance is an advantage ; for an idiot would not even do Tor a hodcarrier. So we see in a natural point of view there is no one who lifts a hand to the work of the world, using his best efforts, but should take a front place as a producer. But what shall we say of the woman question spiritually in a Community which believes in a Motherhood in Deity. We would refer you to Elder F. W. Evans, who is an authority on this subject as he has his whole practical life back of his teachings. We being aware of this, listen with pleasure to his frequent discourses, on the Dual God, the Dual Christ, and his firm belief in the social equality of the Sisterhood. God bless him for his strong faith, and still more for his works, and grateful are we that he leaves not himself without a witness ; for like the ripened leaf, when he loses his hold on the tree of the earth, his teachings will be embodied in his successor. Yours sincerely, Amelia J. Calver