WOMAN'S MISSION Anna White 'The Lord's of creation men they call, For they think they rule the hall, But they're much mistaken after all, For they're under woman's control; For ever since the world began It's always been the way, For did not Adam, the very first man, The very first woman obey? ' If, according to sacred history woman was first to transgress the laws of God, and also lead her brother man astray, should she not, after drinking the cup of sorrow to its dregs, and having her garments tattered and soiled by sensuality, eagerly grasp at the first out-stretched hand to lift her up and out of sin? Most assuredly, Yea. But the voice that said, 'He shall rule over thee,' has resounded down through the aisles of the centuries. Man has exercised his power over woman to a marked degree. She has either been worshiped by him as an idol, used as a plaything, or banded about as a slave ; and subject to his caprice and whims she has been as a captive bird in his hands, powerless to act only as he directed. True, by lineage, she may be exalted to the highest position the country or nation is capable of bestowing as we see in the eastern continent, where she becomes Queen of empires and kingdoms, upon whose dominions the sun never sets, and sways the same sceptre of unlimited power as does a King. In the humbler walks of life we find a far greater difference existing between man and woman. Though she may work side by side with her lord and master, what does she receive in compensation for an equal amount of labor performed, with not half the muscular strength he is endowed with? Only half pay! And in addition, the bearing and nursing of children from which he is free, and caring for the household generally, that principally devolves upon woman ? Can the blush from the cheek be repressed, as this truth smites the conscience, and reflects dishonor upon such unjust laws and law-makers ? The occupations ot men and women may differ very materially, but does this go to prove that those of women are of the least importance ? Not by any means. While he is engaged in the sterner duties that properly belong to his sphere, she is likewise employed in the varied and all-important responsibilities pertaining to her sphere; THE MANIFESTO. thus each, if fulfilling their calling, to be mutual helps one to another, are justly earning and will reap the benefits of co-operative labor. The man is as equally dependent upon the woman as is the woman upon the man. In our own loved country, woman by earnest endeavor year after year, has partially succeeded in convincing leading authorities that she is as capable of holding high offices of trust in the political, moral and religious world, as is man. Exalted and refined sensitives are revolting, and strong intellectual natures are shrinking from the yoke of bondage that has forever been the curse of woman, under the law that 'might makes right.' From the vast ocean of quickened and illumined thought is evolving the true idea of the God-head. This, especially to woman, is 'like a great rock in a weary land' upon which to plant the feet, and those who find this rock, will work intelligently and to profit. When the sublime truth is fully revealed that God is dual—Father and Mother—then we shall understand the words of the inspired Apostle who said, 'The invisible things of God are clearly made known—revealed—by the things that are made, even his eternal power and God-head.' All the lower grades of animals and plants are dual—male and female—positive and negative,—up to man—the crowning glory of all forms of creation. This great truth is being understood and accepted more and more by enlightened individuals of both sexes. It is in the providence of God that redemptive agencies are given through the female for the emancipation of the race from the bondage of the flesh. 'I may not be a prophet, But the time is almost here When woman with the man shall stand And take her proper sphere. Kestricted and confined she's been, In all the ages past; Thank God! those states are almost dead. She will be free at last.' The Maternal Spirit will not rest; it is operating in a wonderful manner upon the daughters of men, and is undoubtedly preparing material that shall build up 'a new earth,' even as she has established 'a new heaven wherein dwelleth righteousness.' Aye, woman stands upon the threshold of a new existence: The times are fully ripe for her advent; we hear the coming of her feet, and the doors open at her approach. Already the glorious revelation of divine truth has pierced the heart of humanity, and brought forth an order of people whose central idea is equality ; men and women who have outgrown the old Adamic relationships, and have come up to the higher plane of thought and action ; have recognized in each other capabilities and powers, each supplementing the other's deficiencies. Such have been able, through the counsel of wisdom and love, to work together harmoniously in all places of care, trust and government for over a century. These combine to form a spiritual household, where law, order and purity are maintained. And the everlasting 'counsel of peace is between them both.'' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.