ELDER ROBERT AITKEN. Thomas Stroud. In reflecting on the life and character of our deceased gospel father, we may find much food for thought. His life illustrates the fact that there is in man an aspiration for something higher than the earth life can satisfy. In early life he was the subject of religious impressions, which, fading for a time on account of cares and the deceitfulness of riches, again returned with renewed force in riper years. These impressions, acting on a character naturally simple and forcible, led him under the influence of the Christian socialist movement which so powerfully moved society half a century ago. He longed and sought for something which could satisfy his aspirations after good. He felt and recognized that the true life of Christ could be found only by forsaking all the selfish, partial ties of natural relationship, and by finding sympathies that should admit of universal application. He eschewed the tie of marriage as admitting, in its very best aspect, of only a contracted relationship, and endeavored to find in the communities then forming on the natural plane, that realization of good for which his soul so ardently longed. To make this attempt he sacrificed good worldly prospects and incurred the enmity of his former friends. In the several institutions that he entered he never spared himself. He devoted himself unselfishly to the good of the socialist cause, though he saw others striving to use them for their own ease. But after several efforts in this direction he became convinced that there was no hope for communities to succeed on the natural plane. His soul was filled with ardor to realize his highest conception of a life pleasing to God. But every attempt seemed to fail in spite of his conscientious efforts. He saw his old associates leavening back to the old order of things. After making a few feeble efforts they were now seeking for wealth and the ease of a worldly life, and striving to find satisfaction in the narrow relationships of the natural family life. But our dear father was not made of this kind of material. He was ready to make any sacrifice and to search the earth if he could find a true order where he might find strength and support to live as he believed a true Christian should. In this state of mind he left his country and relations forty-five years ago to visit the Believers in Christ's second appearing. It has always been his testimony that in his first visit to the Believers he was convinced that God had placed his name in Zion for the salvation of man. Through many trials relating to his. aspiration after the highest he remained true to his faith. He believed that salvation was to be gained by self-denial only, and he saw that man needs the ministration of the mother spirit in order to become born and perfected in the Christ life ; a life not of ease and self-indulgence, but of conscientious labor in cross-bearing. That he had gained much, not in selfrighteousness, but by dependence on obedience in divine order ; he testified himself, and all his associates felt the evidence, that his only concern was to build up and support every one in good. In this spirit he could not fail to become a father to all who wanted to walk uprightly in the order of God. We all know that he loved every such soul and that such were his only treasure. He was ready to spend his every effort to build up one ray of good in any soul. If there was anything of severity. in his character he was as ready to apply that test to himself as to any other. Enfield, Conn.