Pleasant Hill, Ky. How terribly shocked and grieved our Community was to receive the sad intelligence of the death of our beloved Father and friend Elder Giles. Words fail to express our sorrow and anguish, for his death is a great bereavement to us all. We especially sympathize with our beloved and venerable parents of the Order, and pray that a host of angels may continually minister unto them. Dear Sister, we gladly re-echo the pleasant greeting, 'A Happy New Year' and may it be to us all, not so much in words, but in reality. In our earnest endeavor to succeed, we will 'Take Faith and Hope and Love on board And wait the favoring breeze, If aught contentment can afford, It must be found in these.' Surely contentment is the secret of happiness and if we are laboring to be 'Angels in the way' we shall find plenty to fill our measure of happiness. Christmas night, snow fell to the depth of two inches, followed by the heaviest sleet ever seen in this section. Great damage was done to the trees and many large ones were torn apart. Walking was quite dangerous. Amid the great havoc, we also found the beautiful; every little plant was encased in its icy home. Looking from our window we have a beautiful view. No grander sight, ever met the eye, especially at sunrise and sunset. New Year's eve, 7 P. M. our youth and children gave a pleasant and successful entertainment; duration three hours. The serious and laughable were so interblended as to please all. Great credit is due Br. Eobert Kendrick, Sisters, Jane Sutton and Mary E. Settles as instructors for their untiring energy and faithful endeavors to produce something for the good of all. Jan. 6-7. We received a flying visit from Br. Benjamin Gates, Elder Joseph Slingerland and Elder O. C. Hampton. We regret that they could not remain longer, but we were especially thankful for this crumb of a visit. We were pleased to find Br. Benjamin looking so well after such a severe illness. We send special thanks to Eldress Anna White for her article on Woman's Mission. Yea, dear Sister, we hear the tread of the marshaling host and know that woman will eventually succeed. We pray that mankind may soon awaken out of their selfish indifference, to fully realize woman's sphere and better the world by placing her in it. M. J.