NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. December. Thermometer. llain. Snow. 1889 34.67. 3&gt;4 in. 7' in. 1890 20.09. 1% ' 20' G. M. W. The above is the average temperature of the outward atmosphere, sent by our observing Brother for the Home Notes; yet lower still runs our spiritual thermometer, since the icy breath of the great destroyer has swept over our home and laid low in the mother earth our loved, our faithful shepherd, Elder Giles. God grant' 'Though the winds may not be tempered to the shorn lamb,' he may give the lamb extra courage to bear it. A. J. C. North. Family. Jan. 11, 1891. We have now got fairly started in the New Year. The Old, passed out in grief, the New came in with affliction and mourning. Still, we have very much to comfort us, and a great deal to be thankful for. It was my privilege to attend the funeral of Beloved Elder Giles, at Watervliet; what a contrast between the condition there one hundred and six years ago, and now. Then they had little room in their houses but an abundance in their hearts. They now lack neither in hearts nor houses : but something is wanting, not only at Watervliet, but throughout Zion. May the Lord who knoweth our needs, hasten the time when they can all be supplied. There is a great difference between the practices of a people and the vital principles that sustain the spiritual life in the body. Sometimes it would almost seem that the habits and practices of the early Believers were looked upon as vital principles on which the life and permanency of our gospel institution depended. There ought to be wisdom in our enlightened day, to discern between practice and principle; and whether our prac tices are in accord with, or in violation o: gospel principles. If we come to a knowledge tliat our practice violates principle's essential to our salvation, either spiritual or physical, we ought to possess enough of the power of self-denial to cease such practices, and not go blundering along, stumbling at the cross. The older Believers were all in the practice of shaving, and for many years no one could find a union to the body of Believers unless they conformed to this habit. Any one allowing his beard to grow, was as effectually shut out of union, as if he would not confess his sins. Shaving was looked upon practically as being essential to salvation: the wearing of the beard, as a violation of gospel principle. Shaving was the universal practice in all England and America a century ago, and I can remember that only forty years ago any one wearing his beard was accounted as crazy. All Believers conformed to this practice of the world: and in that particular, took no heed to Rom. xii., 2. Salvation and protection from the power of sin and self-indulgence that leads to sickness, disease and death, physically or spiritually, should be our constant aim. The human race to-day need physical salvation; they need bodily health and strength as a basis upon which to build the kingdom of heaven upon earth. Jesus in all his ministration recognized this, for he spent a large part of his time in healing the sick. Some very good people and professing Christians have thought and taught that the gospel had little or nothing to do with the life that now is, it was only to prepare people for the life that was to come. 'Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done on earth, (in our bodies) as it is done in heaven:' in purified spirits. This is the great day of judgment and no soul in Zion should rest till he feels the judgment work going on in his soul. Search out the causes that produce evil effects and good effects. By the cross and self-denial put away the evil, and by strict obedience to faith, in the spirit of prayer, cultivate the good. We have had a fine spell of winter weather and have improved it. Now it is raining, and the sleighing is fast running away. A good time to look after tools and machines and have them ready for use when spring opens. Let us all be found faithful; be up and alive, prepared for each season as it rolls round. We shall then have more time to cultivate brotherly and sisterly love. D. Offord. Hancock, Mass. Dear Editor: In our locality we are realizing the benefits of a good old fashioned winter. The earth is slumbering under a heavy covering of snow, and the ponds and reservoirs wear a coat of ice some eighteen inches in thickness, of which our Brethren have secured a good supply for future needs. We think the Knickerbocker Co. will not be necessitated to come to Berkshire for ice this season. In contemplating the changing events of time, these poetical lines occur to mind. 'As time rolls on new things we see Which seldom with us do agree; Its now and then a pleasant day 'Tis long a coming, soon away.' We find, however, exceptions to this, for we enjoyed a very pleasant Christmas and in our morning service realized that fulness of blessing, which Christ is ready to impart to the sincere seeker after righteousness. The New Year came to us with a beaming face, but our hearts had been made sad by the unexpected announcement of the death of a loved Father in Israel, Elder Giles. Who can estimate his worth or fill his vacant place? We mourn with those who mourn, and mingle our tears with those who weep. On the 8th. inst. a company of us were privileged to accept a kind invitation that had been tendered us by our Mount Lebanon friends of the First Order, to make them a visit. The day was beautiful, but cold and the cordial welcome we received, the hospitality, kindness and attention shown us by all,' was duly appreciated, and will ever be gratefully remembered. J. L. S.