HIS BEST. (Contributed by George M. Wickersham.) He who does the best he can is always improving. His best of yesterday is outdone to-day, and his best of to-day will be outdone to-morrow. It is this steady progress, no matter from what point it starts that forms the chief element of all greatness and goodness. Without love life is scarcely worth living; with it, the worst blows of fortune fall comparatively muffled and harmless. So long as we love and are beloved, we can bear the whips and stings with stoical equanimity. When love fails us, or the beloved is taken from us, then is our armor of pride, our defense and our safeguard gone. The exercise of every faculty is necessary to its development, and therefore to its life. Inaction, fully carried out, means stagnation and death. On the other hand over-exercise of any part tends to exhaustion, and, if the period of rest necessary to restore its vigor be denied, it will wear itself out. Health and happiness require that these laws be recognized and obeyed. Every man has his faults, his failings, peculiarities, eccentricities, and every one of us finds himself crossed by such failings of others from hour to hour and if he were to resent them all, life would be intolerable. If for every outburst of hasty temper and for every rudeness that wounds us in our daily path we were to demand an apology, require an explanation, or resent it by retaliation, daily intercourse would be impossible. The very science of social life consists in that gliding tact which avoids contact with the sharp angularities of character, which does not argue about such things, does not seek to adjust or cure them all, but covers them as if it did not see. There is but one thing which can make the sight of the past really pleasant to us and that is diligent use of the present; the past will take care of itself, but if we fritter away precious time, lose opportunities and are unfaithful to ourselves and to others, memory must be forever embittered. Chances once lost are lost forever. Much may be done in later life to make up for the loss of early opportunities, but never can we make it untrue that the early opportunity which was lost can come no more back. If a man should learn his alphabet at fifty, it would still be true that he had lost for fifty years the pleasure and benefits of reading. The early years cannot be frittered awTay without making us weaker men to the end of our lives than we might have been. The important opportunities which are gone are gone beyond recall. We can never make up for the loss of them. All growth in knowledge and character is attained through the individual joys and acts of life. This growth depends, therefore upon the daily use of time and talent and oppoi'tunity. It is these imperceptible additions to life that together make up the great complete account. Each has a certain importance and value for every man's character and growth. It makes a difference which can never be adjusted, whether he uses his to-day or loses it. If he loses it, he loses it forever; for in eternity itself he will never see that lost day again. Selected.