RESPONSE. Catherine Allen. To a United Offering from Gospel Companions. Loved ones, to each whose fervent thought With courage strong and hope so bright, My vision traces on these leaves All gleaming in their hallowed light, The sweet, endearing, tender name Of Sister I can claim for mine, And with these oiferings from your souls, My heart's affections closely twine. To some of you the call was given And answered in devotion true, Before my feet had found the path Which leadeth to the kingdom new. With loving hearts and willing hands, You've proved my friends in time of need And ministered a saving power Through cheering word and kindly deed. Your struggles and your victories Have fortified me in the strife, And smoother have your footsteps made My pathway up the mount of life. My heart flows out in gratitude For angel help, thus rendered me, In blessing for the fruits of love, That in your lives I daily see. And freely do I love and bless My younger sisters in the fold; I count you all as precious links In union's shining chain of gold. A lovely garland you have formed [flowers Of spring's sweet buds and blooming All fragrant in the dewy breath Of early consecrated powers. And mingled with them living green From life's- immortal fruitful tree, Which grows beside the crystal stream Whose blessed source is purity. They'll know no fading nor decay, For time can never touch with blight, Those plants of faith which germinate * And bloom'neath truth's unfailing light. I'll cherish them and in my heart Will nurture such and seek the care Of angels, who with quickening power Will meet me when I bend in prayer. I'm with you in each strife for good, In every holy, true desire, I'll go with you through rolling tides, And through the cleansing furnace-fires; With you I'll make full sacrifice To win the 'Precious Pearl' of w:iril:, And fearless, seek that vale of death, Whose portals ope to angel birth. Your union is a strength to me In struggling 'gainst the foe within; Your love so pure, a glowing light That in my heart shall never dim. I love you all, my kindred true, I love our precious gospel call; To gain its wealth I'll toil with you, And fervently will render all. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.