Enfield, Conn. 'Life is mostly what we make it;' then why not make the most of life? Crosses and trials will come. Let us not dwell on them, but bear them with Christian patience, and look ever for 'the silver lining.' We know that, if borne in the right spirit, even our trials are good for us, and we can 'bear each other's burdens and fulfill the law of Christ.' There is no trouble so grievous that it cannot be brightened if we would try to see its bright side. Too many are prone to nurse their trials, thus aiding them to abnormal growth. Let us strive to cultivate that patient, sunny spirit which, finding the good in others, blesses the possessors. The present is ours. Let us not fill it with sighs for the past and dreams of the future. We should fill our hearts with sunshine; sorrow's cloud will not behalf so dark. Our Manifesto is like an angel in the household, ever bringing help, encoiu-agement and good cheer. Let us, within its pages, offer our best to each other, from the practical hints that make life's burdens lighter, up to the helpful hints for the soul. 2772 spaces of cream were sold in January. A change of food will sometimes stimulate hens to lay when nothing else will serve the purpose, simply because they become tired of the sameness of diet and readily accept something else. Coal ashes and tobacco dust in the poultry house are good disinfectants. No egg eating when china eggs are kept on the floor. Cold air on the hens in the night means 'roup' every time. Nothing better for hens than boiled oats with wheat bran. If a fowl is wanted that combines many good qualities, the Plymouth Eock should not be overlooked. D. Orcutt. South. Family. Feb. 1891. The wheels of time are constantly in motion, and already we are commencing the second month of the New Year, and the duties of every-day increase with its length. Vacancies that are made must be filled by those who are left to bear the burdens of the present. The dairy is yielding us good returns for the labor expended. Some repairs are being made at Brethren's shop and other places. Wood is now being sawed and put into the sheds. The great quantity of snow and rain has interfered with out door labor to some extent. Not as much damage from the ice on the trees in our Community as in other sections of the Connecticut valley. We have secured some excellent ice for creamery use, thirteen inches thick. Sleighing nearly gone here. The blessing of health prevails. M. W.