To the Memory of our Sainted Father, RUFUS ROSMAN. Amelia J. Calver. It was the eventide of a cloudless, autumn day, and in vision we seemed to stand looking upon a wide-spread field, all of which was richly cultivated. Everywhere were seen beautiful flowers, luscious fruits, and golden grain. Through the winding, wellkept paths, wandered people of every age, from happy childhood, to the silvery-haired veteran ; not only to gaze on the beauty before them, but to be fed from its generous growth; and though from the great variety every one found something suited to their taste, and none came away empty handed, yet the supply grew none the less. Though richly ripe the fruit, decay was not visible ; and though the heads of grain with fullness bent, no mildew's blast was seen. ISIo cruel wire's barb, nor thorny hedge, forbade the passer-by to enter; only a low, firm wall its boundary marked, over which a child could leap, or wearied age recline. As we stood there enwrapped in thought, coveting the possession of such wealth, a measured tread was heard in the distance, and too well we knew the harvest signs, to doubt who were approaching. On, on they came ; nearer and surer the footsteps of those who were to gather for the 'Harvest Home.' We had no greeting for these gatherers, no welcome for the reapers, and we turned not as they silently passed us by and entered the field. Their work was soon done and they departed laden with the growth of a willing heart and skillful hands. 'And is this the end of all these fruitful labors?' we cried, as we saw the treasures depart. But a voice from the field called, 'Come and see ;' and lo ! the ripened fruit had cast its seed ; from the heavy shocks the grain had fallen, and new life was starting from the fertile soil. 'Surely' we thought 'The hand of the diligent maketh rich,' and 'The memory of the just is blessed.' Need we a Daniel, or a Joseph, to interpret this open vision? We are now standing by this life-field of our departed father and friend ; and in every particular we may see a life comparison. Wide-spread has been the field of his labor, and his varied talents so richly cultivated, have yielded fruit for every age and class. In business economy a man ; socially a friend and counselor, and spiritually a saint. What better fruits could the many talents bear. Happy in his life-work, his fruits have not ripened to decay; nor has the rust of a discontented old age, hidden the luxuriant growth of his sheaves. No barbs of self-righteousness, nor thorns of selfishness, bounded his goodness ; but all of God's creation were free to share from his liberal hand. And now that the harvest angels have claimed their own, even at this late hour, we sigh that the field was reaped so soon. But over this we have no control and we resignedly bow the reapers out, while we think of the choice seed he has sown, and trust that his parental hand may still assist to mature its growth, until it reproduces his life example. We do not say farewell to thee, dear father, for though thou hast passed to higher fields of labor, thy memory will long be green in thy earth-field. Thine hast been a happy old age, and thy hoary head hast worn the crown of glory, because it has been found in the way of righteousness. 'Many shalt arise to call thee blessed' and with one accord we most earnestly desire that we too 'may die the death of the righteous.' Mount Lebanon, N. Y.