Books and Papers. Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Journal of Health. Feb. Contents. Mind Reading; Water at meals; Headache and the Eyes; Too Many Needs; The term Microbe; The use of Drugs; Baldness; Deadly Poisoned Arrows; etc., etc. Office 340 West 59th st,, N. Y. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. February. Contents. Phlegmonous Erysipelas; Mental Hygiene; Beef Tea Delusion; Anti-Vaccination; Winter Work in Orchards; The Ideal Woman of the Future; Medical Delusions; Get Out Doors, etc., etc. Dr. T.V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo, Ind. Vick's Floral Guide for 1891 Vick's Floral Guide for 1891. No lover of a fine plant or garden can afford to be without a copy. It is an elegant book of over 100 pages 83^x10% inches, beautiful colored illustrations of Sunrise Amaranthus, Hydrangea and Potatoes. Instructions for planting, cultivating, etc. Full list of everything that can be desired in the way of Vegetable and Flower Seeds, Plants, Bulbs, etc. Also full particulars regarding the cash prizes of $1,000 and $200. The novelties have been tested and found worthy of cultivation. We hope it will be our good luck to see the Nellie Lewis Carnation and taste the Grand Eapids Lettuce. It costs nothing because the 10 cents you send for it can be deducted from the first order forwarded. We advise our friends to secure a copy of James Vick, Seedsman, Rochester, N. Y. LIVING ISSUES LIVING ISSUES is the name of a new and novel weekly sixteen-page paper, owned and operated solely by subscribers in the corporate capacity of the National Co-operative Publishing Co., at Boston, Mass. A veritable people's paper, of the people, by the people, and for the people. An enthusiast declares that the popular proprietorship idea is destined to revolutionize American journalism and politics. Unquestionably great benefits may be derived from a press and party conducted by the people, for the people. A unique and attractive feature is the division into special and ably edited Departments as follows: Labor, Medical Liberty and Reform, Woman, Entertaining Miscellany, Single Tax, The Company's Corner, The Outlook, New Party Politics, Temperance, Home and Health, Nationalism, Our Open Court, Americanism, Equal Freedom, Municipalism, Oppressive Legislation and Monopoly. Every subscriber thereby becomes a proprietor. Subscription price $2.50 per annum. Sample copy $.06. A circular detailing its political policy, editorial fellowship, co-operative management, plan of endowment, distribution and control of stock, is furnished free upon request.