Editorial. No better advice could be given to the Christian pilgrim... No better advice could be given to the Christian pilgrim than to 'puton the whole armor of God.' Walking as he necessarily must, in the midst of trials and temptations, he needs for this divine service a special preparation, and great carefulness must be exercised, to have everything in the best of order, and so nicely adjusted that time, that indispensible staff of life, may not be wasted during the march to victory. Jesus evidently' thought of this same preparation and carefully presented it in the best light he could to his disciples, as he called them 'my soldiers,' peace-loving soldiers who have been harvested from the ranks of the world a,nd were, even while with him, surrounded by the influences of a long life among the Scribes, Pharisees and hypocrites. He had, through his inspirational gift, called them from that worldly relation to be his co-workers in redeeming the world from its many errors. Their call was the same as is our call, through the manifestation of God, or the good Spirit. Directing influences moved them to change their lives, by making their own paths strait, as they were warned to 'make ready the Avay of the Lord, and to make his paths strait.' This influence has protected us as we have moved along on our pilgrimage and opened to us a life of spiritual consecration, that we might be made able to walk in newness of life. As that age was one of 'wars and fightings,' it was readily understood that every man was more or less acquainted with the legitimate duties of a soldier. Peter, by his dexterous use of the sword could not have been ignorant of a soldier's life, and in all probability the whole order of disciples had learned the same lesson. Jesus rebuked this display of unchristian chivalry and a spiritual armor was recommended for all who had entered the warfare against the elements of the world, that were opposed to the life of the soul. Even Paul, in his exhortations to a Christian life assured his hearers that if they were properly equipped for the contest they might be absolutely sure of the victory. Those who accept the cross of Christ and deny themselves of all ungodliness, soon learn the truth of the statement, as made by the Apostle, that the weapons of our warfare 'are not of flesh, but divinely powerful for the demolition of fortresses.' This is the life work of the Believer which makes of him a peacemaker among his Brethren and a child of God among his gospel kindred. Through this he becomes a preacher of righteousness to the children of this world and an unfailinglight to guide souls to God. It is not always that 'the race is to the swift, nor the battle to thestrong,' but it is certainly and effectually to those who walk uprightly. How earnestly and devotedly those should work who are privileged to know of a better way than that which is pursued by the children of this world. The light which has illumined the soul has come from God, and if protected through carefulness and prayer, must grow brighter and brighter unto the perfect day. God's gift to our souls, and to our gospel homes should share our undivided interest, that our prosperity, both in the temporal and in the spiritual blessings may be secured and permanently fixed, as our souls awaken to the beautiful and holy calling that has rested upon us.