'AS THY DAY IS.' [Contributed by Catharine Pepper.]'Most of the troubles that afflict us never overtake us. They exist in our apprehensions rather than in reality. We suffer a thousand deaths in anticipation of the one death which, when it comes, is no king of terrors, but a messenger of peace. How much suffering we might save ourselves if we would bear only the burdens of to-day, and not add to them the burdens of to-morrow. Sometimes the burdens of to-day seem insupportable, but they may be more bearable if we will not add to them the griefs of yesterday and the forebodings of a coming day, and if we rest in the promise, 'As thy day is, so shall thy strength be.' The world is full of sorrow, of calamity, of pain, of tragedy, and the complaint of Job continually sounds in our ears, and never ceases. We cannot solve the mysteries of life, we cannot answer the questions that every day clamor for reply, but we can and we must 'trust that somehow, good will be the final end of ill,' and that trust is our only way out. Instead of bewailing the present, of anticipating trouble in the future, and mourning over the past, wTe may find nepenthe in earnestly discharging the duty of the present, and living one day, one moment, at a time. We may gather hope from past deliverances, and confidence from a firm and abiding faith in the wisdom and goodness of God. After its fearful p lunge over the falls Niagara River gathers itself again and, mingled with the great St. Lawrence, winds through the Thousand Islands to the sea. Many a mountain rill is shattered to drops as it leaps over the precipice, but the drops gather again, and wind on their peaceful way through smiling valleys, bringing verdure and gladness as they go. No strange thing has happened to us when fiery trials have come upon us. What son is there whom the Father chasteneth not? Even when the walls of the crucible in which we are placed hide Him from our view, we may say, 'When He hath tried me I shall come forth as gold.' Selected.