REVIEW OF A NEW BOOK. By Anna White. 'The Salem Seek' or 'Reminiscences of Charles H. Foster,' the widely known spiritual medium, is a neatly bound volume of 156 pages. The frontispiece presents a fine likeness of the medium in whose striking features strong clairvoyant powers are dearly discernible. Having carefully perused its pages, we recommend it as interesting, and we believe reliable testimony of spirit communications, giving most conclusive evidence that 'if a man die' lie shall 'live again;' hence it is a work of especial value to investigators, or doubters of the possibility of intelligent communication between the two worlds. Such an array of facts we have never before seen presented in so small a space, or in a more agreeable manner. One striking feature of this book which gives it marked identity among others treating of similar topics, is the absence of that enthusiasm in its testimonials which we usually find among believers in the psychic phenomena. It is largely composed of clippings from the leading journals of the United States and Australia, mostly written by editors and other prominent men, who were not only thorough skeptics, but who in many cases went to witness the strange power accompanying the medium with a predetermination not to be convinced of spirit agency. Some individuals held to this even when acknowledging that the terms 'humbug, trickster or juggler could express the opinions of only the most hopeless idiots;' while 'animal magnetism, mesmerism, mind reading' &amp;c, were equally helpless in explaining the wonderful phenomena they could account for by no other agency, and which they had witnessed under the strictest test conditions. On every page bare statements of facts are made as viewed by non-believers, and the interested reader is left free to judge of the causes of the strange occult power, and its marvelous manifestations. The author, George C. Bartlett, visited our home at Mount Lebanon, Col. Co. N. Y., a short time since, and through his interesting conversations and simple ingenuousness of manner, impressed us favorably as to his high personal character. In friendly intercourse he mentioned that he was writing the book, having been urged to the work by friends who knew that he had for years been associated with this medium, and had been favored with greater opportunities than any one else of witnessing his remarkable powers; and that he owed it as a duty to the public to present a testimonial thereof. This, we believe, has been done with discretion and candor, and with a disinterested desire to do good. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Publishers, United States Book Co., 150 Worth St., Cor. Mission Place, ISlew York. Successors to John W. Lovell &amp; Co.