Editorial. Those wonderful manifestations of occult power which occurred... Those wonderful manifestations of occult power which occurred during the time of the Kentucky Revival, are quite beyond the ability of religionists or even philosophers to determine the source from whence they originated. Many scores of worldly-wise men stepped forward to explain but were forced to retire into their own darkness. Those only, who are spiritually impressed can know of the gift of the spirit, or can rest assured in the depths of their souls, that God has, in loving-kindness, made them heirs of his goodness and love. That the Revival took place and held as its willing or unwilling subjects, the wealthy in common with the poor, where all were involuntarily forced to act very much alike, as did the strong man of mature age and the little children of not more than eight or nine years, is one of the most remarkable exhibitions of religious sympathy and zeal that has a place in modern history. No revival, operating upon the mind of man to encourage him 'to live soberly, righteously and godly in this present world,' has since that date, been recorded as its superior, or even as its equal. Thousands gave their testimony of the good work that God's love had wrought in their souls, and how it had saved them from the sins of the world. The republishing of this astonishing manifestation, which extended through North Carolina, Kentucky and Ohio must awaken a deep interest in the minds of those who are susceptible to religious impressions. Men and women are not specially inclined to welcome that which humiliates them before their friends, that forces them into conditions over which they would weep like children and into relations which may destroy even their hard earned property. It is 'God that moves in a mysterious way, His wonders to perform,' to which the spirit of love in man responds. The healthy, growing mind cannot be otherwise than actively engaged in the things that pertain to the affairs of this life. Ruled as the human race is, by the faculties of the mind, a village, a city or even a whole state may be involuntarily moved to act, and we say that the spirit is in the air. Indeed, it is. If the lower faculties predominate, it may be the work of a mob or of an army, when all the brutal qualities are aroused and men and women become brutally cruel in their deeds of horror. If a love for humanity and for God's law is in the ascendency, religious enthusiasm and the work of righteousness follows as naturally as peace and prosperity follow a well disciplined mind. On the passing away of this grasping selfishness and tyranny which is ruling so largely the souls and bodies of men, and this we pray, may speedily take place, we may hopefully look for righteousness to come forward and a reign of peace and religious prosperity to manifest itself among men. Mankind are going up, and not down. They are moving onward toward God, the Father of light and the dispenser of all good gifts. Already, since 'In the beginning' if the stories of antiquarians and of our own historians are of any account, man in his best estate has become quite like a child of God, if we compare him with those who lived with Noah, or with those of a thousand years ago. Even the earth has grown to be a paradise, and the 'thorns and the thistles' that cursed the Eden of old, are giving place to flowers and fruits, which are far more acceptable. Here comes the backward movement. For thousands of years, men of religion have been told to love their friends and to hate their enemies, and that hate was manifested with a vengeance, and their fiendish cruelty toward each other would be more bloodthirsty and revengeful than that of the wild beasts. So slowly has been the up grade movement toward righteousness, that even after men called themselves Christians and disciples of the Prince of Peace, they exhibited the most savage barbarities of their ancestors, and credited themselves with doing a good thing for that special God whom they served. It has taken a great many revivals to change the current of men's minds and to hold them up as well as it has, and do we wonder at what transpired in that remarkable outpouring of spiritual life in Kentucky. If God's voice and hand ever moved mankind to do anything, it must have moved those people, as they testified of the blessings of an honest life, confessed and forsook their sins, and condemned in themselves all that was contrary to the law of God. The religious revival that moved over New England at an earlier date, and awakened hundreds and hundreds of people, to think more seriously of the mission which man had received of God for the benefit of humanity, gave unmistakable evidence of its divine origin, as it turned many of its subjects from a worldly and ruinous career, into that Christian path which leads to practical righteousness. The old inheritance is laid aside and those treasures of God that moth and rust cannot corrupt are being placed in the new heavens. This is the work of spiritual growth in the soul, the new life that constitutes the revival and leads us on from degree to degree till we become the perfected children of our God.