Enfield, Conn. April 1891. The bluebirds were with us as early as the first of March. A short time ago our supply of roots which we had been feeding to our milch cows failed, in consequence a surprising decrease of milk and cream. Note. We must raise more roots, carrots and sugar beets the coming season. We raised last summer and fed this winter about nine hundred bushels. We must make it twelve hundred this season, and raise squashes, soft shell for early feed, and thus have roots till grass comes again. Ensilage is no doubt an indispensable feed where milk production is the only object sought, but in butter production it seems to be inferior to good corn fodder cut fine and fed with roots, grain, and clover hay. We have for some weeks been engaged in spring work. T. Stroud. April 6th. We have spring and winter in alternate layers, as soon as we get ready to work the land, the ground freezes, snow falls and winter holds on. The third of April four inches of snow accompanied with high winds and cold air. We are improving the time cleaning up door-yards and buildings, trimming trees, hauling lumber, mixing fertilizer, preparing seed and machines for work as soon as the season will permit. Our new Aspinwall Potato Planter has come, and we are rejoicing in the prospect of time and labor to be saved thereby. We have fixed over and painted the tin roof on engine house and dairy, and are repairing other out-buildings. We have a gift of cleaning up and hope to feel better for it. M. Witham. 'Praise God from whom all blessings flow.' Our best blessings are free. The bright sunshine, the welcome rain, water, air, health, and above all, the gospel is free. Free salvation by the cross. We are invited to drink of the water of life freely. We have always abundant occasion for praise and thankfulness, and it is befitting that we join in special strains of thanksgiving unitedly as well as individually. We should be thankful for pure companions, for the comforts of a peaceful home and social life, and for religious privileges and spiritual blessings that cannot be measured. Offering thanks is acceptable to God and healthful to the soul. 'Enter into his gates with thanksgiving and into his courts with praise; be thankful unto Him and bless his name.' 2898 spaces of cream were sold in March. It is a source of gain to under-drain. A clean seed-bed makes easy culture. Weeds rob the soil of moisture; they also rob small plants of sun and air. To make chickens grow, feed wheat as soon as they can eat it. Mashed potatoes, corn and oats, (ground) can be given them to advantage. Ground meat should be given them once a day. Confined fowls should not be fed much fattening material, but give them a proportion of lean meat or scraps. D. Orcutt.