PROGRESS. Emily Offord. Ever since the old, old story was told and believed, of the perfect origin of Adam and his tremendous fall, whereby the whole race was ever afterward to be cursed, the tendency has been to look upon the past as superior in evei-y respect to the present. Every generation sighs and wishes back the good old times that used to be ; as if the world and everything pertaining thereto, was always on the downward road to destruction and misery ; which idea seems wrong. It is the offspring of a false theology. The world moves onward and upward. Humanity develops, progresses, improves. Knowledge spreads abroad, and wisdom and love increase. Of this we have abundant proofs all around us. Progress, though gradual, is certain ; ancient myths and superstitions no longer inthrall the minds of men as they have done in times past; honest doubting, patient investigation, and sound reasoning unveil the truth, let in the light of God and obliterate them. In past ages the world was largely controlled by fear. The fear of offending Deity and consequently being put into inextinguishable fire ; hence, they readily accepted any means of escape proffered them. The ignorant and superstitious of all classes and ages down to the present time, were and are attracted to and excited by the marvelous and miraculous. These stir the emotional part of man's nature, and in the childish state bear mightier sway than aught else. A child reads stories and believes them merely because they are in the books ; but intelligent minds seek to know the whys and wherefores and do as the prophet said, reason together; and this candid reasoning and scientific research is evolving in the era of common sense ; the fear of might giving place to love of right; and when people learn of, and acknowledge the Heavenly Mother as well as the Heavenly Father, and woman finds her proper sphere and stands co-equal with her brother, the wheels of progress wrill roll more rapidly, the reign of peace be much nearer, and truth will indeed triumph gloriously over error. The world moves forward truly, and no less in religion than in science, although many are bewailing the low spiritual state of the sectarian churches ; all of which probably began with a measure of the spirit of grace and truth, but becoming fixed and creed bound, they had no opportunity for spiritual growth, and when an organization ceases to grow dissolution begins. The churches endeavor to derive sustenance from old and time worn theology, and therefore literally starve the people for the lack of a living inspiration and present revelation of light and truth. Why should they not pass away and give place to something better? And what is true of others is also true of this, the Shaker Church. Like causes produce like effects. But one great blessing vouchsafed to Zion, is that her people are not creed bound ; our gospel teaches endless progression. Light is ever beaming brighter, truth and wisdom gradually unfolding to every sincere, earnest seeker within her borders. Every opportunity is given for soul growth ; it only remains for each individual to labor and struggle, and if necessary, to wrestle as did Jacob of old with the angels, to gain increasing righteousness and maintain a living church. The gospel requires from time to time, greater sacrifices, more cross, and greater self-denial, with increasing testimony against error, as proof of advancement in the spiritual life. True religion is practical and logical ; it takes cognizance of every act, spiritual, intellectual and physical; it teaches us to observe physiological law as being the law of God ; that if these are disregarded, suffering and disease will ensue as the just penalty ; that they are not imposed upon us by an offended Deity, but are the consequence of violated law. Effect follows cause as sure as night succeeds the day. It teaches us how, when and what to eat and drink, and what and when to refrain from eating and drinking ; and in the ever unfolding of God's spirit will call upon us to leave off from our tables some articles of diet which are now deemed indispensable ; and it will require us to thoroughly masticate our food before swallowing it, and thereby save us from dyspepsia and its concomitants. Good ventilation will also be included ; thus our religion will save us from sickness which is much better than doing wrong and getting sick, and then wanting to be cured in some miraculous, incomprehensible way, and allowing us to go on sinning (or violating law.) It is antichristian to try to be saved in our sins; the gospel saves from sin, and this is the only salvation worth seeking. The increasing testimony will require the sacrifice of all superfluities in dress, and no less the pernicious habit of tight lacing. All things will be done to the honor and glory of God and the upbuilding of true and noble manhood and womanhood. The selfish principle of me and mine will then be brought into much more subjection so that no one will think of owning even a plant any more than they now do of carrying a purse. Flowers, those beautiful emblems of virtue, so fitly called the 'stars of earth,' will be ours to enjoy in abundance through consecration ; by cultivating them for the sole purpose of beautifying our gospel homes, ornamenting and brightening the whole household of faith, and not to foster personal selfishness. The church of Christ's second appearing has always been and must ever be a progressive institution; thus it lives to-day ; but if the testimony does not continue to sound forth with an increase, and its members become inert, what will save it more than others from ruin ? Nothing short of a renewal of the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, and an ever present revelation of God's truth, and strict obedience thereunto, will keep it alive, and promote its growth and glory ; but herein its light may shine forth as a city set on a hill, its power be felt by honesthearted souls hungering and thirsting for righteousness, and Zion's numbers be augmented and her strength renewed. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.