Books and Papers. Phrenological JOURNAL AND SCIENCE OF HEALTH In the April number of the Phrenological JOURNAL AND SCIENCE OF HEALTH, several features of special interest will invite the attention of that magazine's readers. For instance, an appreciative .sketch of General Sherman, with portrait; Forces in Early Education, which teachers should read; The Brethren or'Dunkards' a sketch of this peculiar people from the most authentic sources, with line illustrations; Early Progress of Phrenology in Great Britain, with particular reference; to George Combe; The Talent of Motherhood a most admirable article in which important questions in heredity are strikingly illustrated; Do You Stand Properly? illustrated; a Portrait and Sketch of Dr. U. E. Traer, a distinguished phrenologist; Phrenology and the Physician, some newobservations of a valuable sort that should be widely known; A Suggestion in re Koch by the Editor, has a practical application. The various departments are richly stored and will repay the most earnest scrutiny. Published at 15 cents; or $1.50 a. year. Address, Fowler &amp; Wells Co., Publishers, 777 Broadway, New York. Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Journal of Health. April. Contents. Hygiene of the Home; A Fact stranger than Fiction; Short Lived Beauty; Rules for Good Health; The Finger Nails; Candies and sweets; The Bath; Liver Spots; Cold Water in Winter; Gas Poisoning; How to treat one in a Faint; Toughening Lamp Chimneys, etc., etc. Office 340 West 59th street, New York. Journal of Hygeio-Therapy Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. April. Contents. Treatment of the Sick; Heart Failure; Lift the Chest; Why we can't Taste; Shall it be the senses; Samson and Daniel; Anti-Vaccination; The Grape Cure; Koch's Cure Killed Him; Gardening, etc., etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo Ind. AM I A JEW OR GENTILE? AM I A JEW OR GENTILE? Published by E. H. Coffin, N. Y. In a book of nearly 100 pages the author has presented abundant proofs to establish the creation of Adam as the head of one race and The Adam, who has been killed by the translators of the Bible, as the head of that Hebrew^ class from which arose the man Jesus. It is one of the curious little Books that will interest a large number of readers. Published by E. H. Coffin, 49 John St., N. Y. Price 25 cents.