TRUTH. Dr. Carl Semelroth. [WRITTEN FOR THE MANIFESTO.] Truth is one of the attributes of God, as God is love, so God is Truth. God desires in each man truth. The heart is to be the seat of truth, and all conditions are to be the essence of truth. The spirit is to manifest the truth, and the words and actions are to illustrate truth. The entire man is to be the very impersonation of truth. His moral integrity is to be as solid and firm as the rocks. He is to follow after righteousness ; not from feeling, not from a social influence, not from the hope of a temporal gain, nor even of eternal gain, but from principle ; from a true consciousness that it is like God: pleasing to God, and for the good of self and the good of the world. Inward truth stands opposed to inward falsity. The former makes a good character, while the latter is sure to make a bad one. It matters not, what is the reputation of a man, nor his honors ; his manners, nor Iioav winning his wa}Ts, nor however charming his conversation, if his inmost soul is not wedded to the eternal principle of right, and every fiber of his moral nature saturated with devotion to the truth. Inward truth is the very beginning of holiness. It is the heart right in the sight of God, as it is cleanness to the soul and soundness of moral vitality, it is wholeness of spiritual health, it is truth, appropriated, experienced, lived. Truth must be ever accepted as the one great requisite to moral power. God cannot accept a false heart. He may overrule the work of a hypocrite to the good of others but he cannot make hypocrisy, holiness, nor falsehood, truth. Everything about inward falsity is weak, and weakening it tends to dissolution and death. The truth is life. Crushed to earth it will rise again, but falsehood is death. Expose the victim of it and he will wither like a plant plucked up by the roots. Truth enthroned is a kingdom of righteousness that can never be shaken, and that opens toward heaven. Falsehood crowned, is an empire of darkness that trembles every moment on the verge of perdition. Christ is the truth and all who wish to come to the truth must first come to Christ, and if we are of the truth then we are of Christ. If not inwardly true we are not of Christ, and our hope of heaven will become as castles in the air. Get right, be right, know the truth, be the truth. Have every thought, impulse, desire, motive and decision conform to the law of truth.