Canterbury, N. H. May 16, 1891. Time, like everything which belongs to time is marching rapidly along. Already the first quarter of the new year has passed into history, and has carried us from the severities of a winter climate to the inspiring influences of spring. New life has awakened the trees and plants and meadows, and they are budding and blossoming with a beauty that gives inspiration to every heart. God's beautiful gifts can never grow old. With spring comes the seed-time and through the careful management of this, the anticipation of a plentiful harvest. The gardeners are closely noticing every indication of the germinating of choice plants, as their summer hope of happiness depends to a certain extent on the growth of the indispensable asparagus, and then of the nice, early potatoes, as well as the corn, beans and peas. How hard and yet how interestedly we work to obtain a little food to assist in sustaining life. Our cherry and plum trees are now in full bloom. A good share of the cherries will be claimed by the red-breasted Kobin family, as compensation for their early, morning songs, while the plums will probably be appropriated to the uses of the curculio. Some persons advocate the planting of so many trees as to exhaust the labors of the insects and then have a supply of perfect fruit for table use. Many of our plum and cherry trees have been ruined by the black knot, and we fail to find a remedy to prevent this wholesale destruction. The introduction of an earthquake since our last, enters into the list of variations. It succeeded quite well in giving us a shock, and frightening us with an in or tm-earthly sound. Some through fright ran out of the houses, but finding themselves unharmed they soon returned to their dwellings and to their duties. On the 30th of last month Eldress Rosetta Cumings and Sr. Katie West from Enfield, N. H., made us a visit of one day, and on the *7th inst. Br. Wm. Wilson from the same Society, also called to see us for a few hours. All as gospel friends were made welcome to the blessings of our consecrated home. * Weather Record, for April, 1891. Highest Temp, during the mo. 73. Lowest ' ' ' ' 20. Mean ' ' ' ' 42.6 Snowfall ' ' ' 8 in. Total precipitation 2.09 in. Number of days on which 0.01 ' or more of rain or melted snow fell, 6 Heavy Thunder Storm accompanied by hail 18th inst. The monthly mean is found by taking one half the sum of the maximum and minimum for each day in the month. We do not use the exposed thermometer for this purpose. The maximum and minimum are self-registering thermometers which indicate the highest and lowest temperature of each day. This report is a copy of that sent to IT. S. Signal Service at the close of each month. N. A. Briggs.