Enfield, N. H. May 14, 1891. Admitting that the weather has rightfully been tabooed as the topic to which empty minds resort as something safe to converse upon, when 'all but that has fled,' yet it has grown to be so erratic, it is really worthy of mention. We had our May weather in April, lovely warm days, but within a week have had thermometer below freezing; plants that had braved the winter months in the south windows of the dining hall, were transplanted into open air beds, just in time to be frost-bitten and die at last. Eight here I think Br. Daniel Orcutt, who has blessed the young people with so many words of wisdom, would moralize in this wise. 'Haste makes waste,' concerning things terrestrial or otherwise, and none could gainsay it; yet if we learn from our mistakes (and the wise always do) just as effectually as by any other means, we shall never spend precious time in regrets. 'Groweth the morning from pray to gold, Up my heart and greet the sun! Yesterday's cares are a tale that is told; Yesterday's tasks are a work that is done. Buried beneath the billows of sleep Yesterday's toils are as if they were not. Lay them low in the soundless deep, Resolve that the future with wisdom be fraught.' The earthquake that we learn was distinctly felt at Canterbury, we did not realize at all. We wisli it might portend more than the disturbance of natural elements to us all. Should like to learn from a reliable source, some Society nearer the scene of action than we are, if the current newspaper story of a religious awakening in Indiana, is a truthful one, and if it bears any resemblance in form or substance to the Kentucky Revival. We are doing about as usual at this season, 'sowing with a free and liberal hand,' hoping also that the blessed rain and sunshine may be given in just sufficient quantities to yield the increase; and yet with all our apprehensions, 'We love to think that God appoints Our portion day by day; Events of life are in his hand, And we can always say, Appoint them in Thine own good time, Yea, in Thine own good way.' E. B.