Canterbury, N. H. Weather Record, for May, 1891. Highest Temp, during the mo. 80. Lowest ' ' ' ' 38. Mean ' ' ' ' 56.7 Total Eainfall 2.69 in. Number of days on which 0.01 ' or more of rain fell, 6 N. A. Briggs. June 9, 1891. While some of our western and southern friends are reporting the blossoming of trees and the ripening of fruit, those of us who live in a more northern climate must patiently wait the allotted time for our seasons to roll around before we can enjoy the fruit that grows by our own care. It was not till the 18th. of May that the cherry trees were in full bloom, and the passing of another week before the apple trees were arrayed in all their blossoming glory. The farmers and gardeners may have been a little in advance of last year, on the opening of spring, but the continued cold weather has prevented the crops from making a very rapid advance. The wild strawberry plants made a very liberal dis- play of flowers and some one has said that some other one has just found a ripe berry. The plants under cultivation are receiving the much-needed care and in a few days will reward us bountifully for all the labor that has been expended. The currant pest has again made its appearance. After the worms are ready for action they Avant but a few hours in which to destroy the whole crop of currants, and a liberal sprinkling of helebore over all the bushes is, at present, our only remedy. As we are more anxious to save the currants than Ave are to save the worms, a supply of helebore is near at hand to be used as often as may be needed. It is quite too early to know much about the fruit for the coming months and avo can only anticipate the days of a rich harvest. The grass crop is all that one could desire at this date. If and if all things work together for good there may be an abundance of hay and great rejoicing among those who are interested in the keeping of stock. But what of our pastures? They are fast being overrun with trees and bushes, and the surface for grass, where the cattle can feed, is diminishing very rapidly from year to year. The dogs of New Hampshire have for many years prevented the farmers from the keeping of sheep, and the ruin of the pasture lands has been more or less the result. At this eleventh hour the state has aroused from its slumbers and the thousand and one useless members of the canine family are to be kept more carefully at home or incur the penalty of the law. It is better to be aAvakened at the eleventh hour than not at all, but it would have been better for the farming population of N. H. if the much-needed protection had been secured some years sooner.