Books and Papers. Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Journal of Health. June. Contents. Hints for Hot Weather; Perspiring Feet; Variety in Food; Weak Knees; Putting away Winter ClothingPoisoned Air; Mole on Face: The Cornet; Chinese Customs; The Brain; Treatment of Wounds; Cure for Burns, etc., etc. Office 340 West 59th. St., N. Y. USES OF HOT WATER. Hot water is one of the best among simple remedies, says The Ladies' Home Journal. For instance, headache almost always yields to the simultaneous application of hot water to the feet and back of the neck. A towel folded several times, and dipped in hot water, and quickly wrung out and applied over the toothache or neuralgia, will generally afford prompt relief. A strip of flannel, or napkin folded lengthwise, and dipped in hot water and wrung out, and then applied round the neck of a child that has the croup, will sometimes give relief in ten minutes. Hot water taken freely half an hour before bedtime, is helpful in the case of constipation and has a most soothing effect upon the stomach. A goblet of hot water taken just after rising, before breakfast, has cured thousands of cases of indigestion, and no simple remedy is more widely recommended by physicians to dyspeptics. THE PHRENOLOGICAL. The man who fills so large a page of German history in this era, Marshall Von Moltke, is given the first place in the June number of the Phrenological Journal and Science of Health. A few thoughts on practical humanity are embodied in 'The Lever of a Thought,' that follows. What is being done on the Nicaragua Ship Canal is told, and a glimpse of the Chief Engineer given. A pretty poem by Belle Bush is prettily illustrated. Mrs. Wells continues her vigorous sketch of Charles Ca 'dwell, and Prof. Sizer puts a fresh batch of 'Hits' in his department. The Necessity for Moral Education is discussed in a capital essay from Professor Dunton, and the Editor supplements his statements by showing the want of 'systematic' education in that line. 'Answer the Child's Questions' and 'Miss Bridgman at a Kindergarten' are among the features of Child Culture. Vegetarianism and advice in the simple treatment of Nasal Catarrh are notable topics in the Health Department. In the Editors' Department a protest is entered against Criminal Anthropology as taught by some, a criticism of Dr. Kenealy's inferences in the Talent of Motherhood, and a good suggestion with regard to the proposed Summer Congress of Phrenologists. A very full Index of the Volume XCIL, of which this number is the sixth and closing, is bound in wTith it. The Journal is published monthly at 15 cents a number and $1.50 per annum. Address Fowler &amp; Wells Co., Publishers, 777 Broadway, New York.