To preach the word of God as we understand it... To preach the word of God as we understand it, seems to be the larger pai't of our work while making our earthly pilgrimage. As faith comes by hearing, comes by the testimony of the cross, active preachers must be engaged in that spiritual duty which is forever, to establish them upon a sure foundation. In this case it is quite essential that we should understand the word of God correctly, that good may be increased on the earth. Take away the antichristian mystery that has been attached to the life of Christ, and to the revelation of light, and the whole subject may be easily comprehended. God is light! and He is no less the fulness of love and truth. To walk in the light is to walk in God, and this leads one at the same time to walk in love and in the truth. Surrounded by such protective safeguards there can be no fear of stumbling, or being overtaken with darkness. Here, 'the foundation of God standeth sure.' In manual labor as well as in labor of mind we should do our best, and in this way work for God. He is no respecter of persons. The offer is open to all; to the aged, to the youth, to the educated and to the ignorant. As faith is a gift of God, and as the privilege to accept the principles of godliness is also a gift of God, the acceptance becomes a matter of choice with those who wish to do good and to be good. In everything that leads to God his gifts are manifested, and they make of man a being with reasoning faculties, who must be looking forward and upward, and who must at the same time, find life and light in the element that is above a mere animal existence. Among the first tests of a religious life is the manner in which a man does his work and followins: this is the manner in which he governs his tongue. As faith comes by hearing how very necessary it is that we hear correctly. Our future success may depend largely upon the acceptance of these primary lessons. In this, children and youth may find a place to work as effectually as those of more mature minds. A thought, a word or an act may be the redeeming phase that shall change the course of life into a better way. Every effort to do good in the advancement of the individual or in the better growth of Society is a step in advance, and a degree nearer the millennium of the person or of the Society. It is the development of the higher qualities of the mind that insures happiness, that makes the heavenly state ; while to be ruled by the lower or selfish propensities produces unhappiness and makes our abode on earth a place of torment. Fortunately, however, for the human race, there evidently has been a growing inclination toward a better state of manhood. As gradual as may have been the ascendency there has been no doubt, a vast change for the better. Brute force has given place to reason and at the present time there is a growing interest in the peace, prosperity and happiness of the race. Great sacrifices are made of wealth of time and of personal comfort to ameliorate the condition of the human family, and this fraternal feeling extends even to the care and kindness to the animal kingdom. How extensive is the field of labor that is presented to the faithful servant, and how opportune the time in which to establish an unwaveringfaith in God. A thousand avenues are opened in which to do good. Blessings become more and more abundant and the saving faith is being preached by those who put their hands at work and give their hearts to God. All of this becomes a labor of love, as in giving to God, and to the cause of righteousness we receive more abundantly of all spiritual gifts. It is the preaching of faith. We listen with attention, and with pleasure learn that we have in possession that precious prize, that beautiful gift of God. AYe may now rest upon a foundation that cannot be shaken. Heaven and earth may pass away but tliis gift which comes to us from God can never be destroyed.