OBSESSION. Hamilton De Graw. To the intelligent investigator of the occult phenomenon of Spiritualism, in its varied manifestations to the human understanding, that obsessions are possible and do take place, more or less according to the developed mental condition or sensitiveness of the medium, is well known. And to it can be accounted many of the strange freaks performed by individuals, that a heartless or cold world condemns as criminal or insane. As the laws that govern the spiritual being are better understood, so will the methods of treating so-called criminals be modified and humanized and brought more fully into accord with the spiritual law, that like attracts like, and those unfortunates will not be punished, but brought under a strong psychological influence, loving and beneficent, demagnetizing and scattering the demoniac forces that had bound the soul, compelling it to act out the malignant designs of the controlling power. Webster defines the word, thus: Obsession. 'The state of a person vexed or besieged by an evil spirit.' A broader definition would be more acceptable. There are loving and exalted states of mind in which the besieging and controlling powers are pure and exalted souls that are laboring to disengage the medium from the entanglements thrown around it by a lower order of spirit forces. Such are thStrue obsessions to be desired and earnestly sought after by every one who has the best welfare of his fellow beings at heart. It does not, as may be apparent, destroy the free agency of individuals, nor make them less accountable for their acts; for by a certain line of thought are evolved actions, good or bad. And as they are, so according to the law of attraction, spiritual entities are drawn to the individual, corresponding to the mental state of the person to whom they are attracted. . Punishment for crime only tends to increase the desire for criminal acts. The poor unfortunates launched into the world of causes to satisfy the morbid desire and idea that the world wTill be rid of their influence, is false. Entering there with the same tastes and passions that dominated their life here, and released from the environments that contracted them here, their scope is enlarged to pursue their evil course. Coming as obsessing spirits, they are attracted to those in earthlife of similar desires, ofttimes completely controlling their actions, producing at times the various phases of intentional criminals. On those grounds alone, the death penalty stands condemned as only augmenting the evil it is trying to check. Dealing with effects and letting the causes remain that are in constant operation to produce those effects, is not remedial, even temporarily. But that is what our so-called civilization of the nineteenth century is doing. To become polarized to that extent, that, conscious of the indwelling spirit of the good and true, the individual can enter the association of the criminally vicious, even with the desire to influence them to a nobler life, without being more or less influenced by them, is a condition very few have ever attained. That Jesus attained to that condition, is apparent. When he was accused of seeking the companionship of the criminal classes, he replied that he came not to minister to the righteous, but to draw sinners to repentance. Conscious of that exalted atmosphere of purity and truth that enveloped his being, stronger than the malignant forces that surrounded him, he could enter the abodes of degradation, and by the power of that spiritual force that was dominant in his life, inspire them with better aspirations and desires. Only by a deep and earnest soul travail can this be attained. The common lot of mortals is to be more or less influenced by surrounding conditions. Then the importance to have them exalted in sentiment, to enable the soul to unfold the better part. Only thus wall the final emancipation be attained. Sonyea, N. Y.