THE OVERCOMER. Caroline E. Hawkes. There are numerous passages recorded in the Revelations concerning the overcomer and the promises thereto. 'To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the tree of life, which is in the midst of the paradise of God.' Rev. ii., 7. 'He shall not be hurt of the second death.' 11. 'To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the hidden manna, and will give him a white stone, and in the stone a new name written which no man knoweth save he that receiveth it.' 17. ' 'And he that overcometh and keepeth my works unto the end to him will I give power over the nations.' 26. 'And he shall rule them with a rod of iron as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to shivers : even as I received of my Father.' 27. 'And I will give him the morning star.' 28. 'He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white raiment; and I will not blot out his name from the book of life.' Ill-, 5. 'Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God: and he shall go no more out: and I will write upon him the name of my God : and the name of the city of my God, which is new Jerusalem which cometh down out of heaven from my God: and I will write upon him my new name.' 12. ' 'To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne.' 21. These are the promises the Lord has given to inspire us to overcome. The question may be asked, How can I overcome ? In order for a Christian to become an overcomer, he must 'watch and pray lest he enter into temptation,' for satan is ever ready to lead us astray unless we are watching. s The more we try to live holy, the greater the trials become, seeking to overthrow us and hinder our progress, but we must not be discouraged if we do not succeed at first, for it is a great warfare between the spirit of God and the spirit of the devil. Satan is an arch deceiver and he will bring things before us sometimes in such a fair way, as to make us think we are all right and hurries us on in his charming way, when by and by we begin to feel a little disturbed in our minds and then comes a sting of conscience, which reminds us that all is not right. It is then that we begin to examine ourselves to see where the trouble is and we find that we have not watched as closely as we should have done, in order to discern between the two spirits, Christ and antichrist, and find that we have listened to the tempter and been led wrong. It is a good experience to know both spirits so that we can discern more fully when the true spirit is manifested. It has always been first a trial, then a blessing ; we have to learn both sides that we may have a thorough knowledge of the work of the spirit which every one does not know, for it is the secret work of God and none but those that fear God and keep his commandments can know it. No person can be an overcomer without the aid of the spirit and power of God. Pschycological power is not powerful enough to do it as I have seen it demonstrated in many instances, by their own confession, 'That they knew nothing about the power of God, and only knew mesmerism and Pschycology' and they had been over twenty and even fifty years yet the work was not accomplished. It takes God's almighty power to kill 'or subdue the natural man and make him perfect, like Jesus who said, ' 'Be ye perfect as I am perfect, and holy as I am holy.' Then the natural man must be crucified, his lust must be subdued in every sense, in order to become a perfect spiritual man like Christ and to be an overcomer and inherit the promises written. Adonai Shomo Corporation, Petersham Mass.