REFLECTIONS. Ruth Barry. In contrasting the difference between outside society and that existing in our Zion home, I am led to serious reflections how any one who has ever been drawn into this fold of Christ, as made manifest by the teachings of Mother Ann, can be led back again into 'the weak and beggarly elements of the world.' It is evident they are not seeking the higher life which can alone be attained by and through those teachings, of which I am convinced there is nothing superior ; a religion which not only teaches chastity as one of its fundamental truths, but which also requires the practice of every Christian virtue in order to attain to that perfection of life on earth which is within the reach of all who desire to feel the justification of the righteous. Possibly it may be accounted for in this way. There are different degrees of light, even as 'one star differeth from another star in glory,' and the same amount of faith necessary to establish one in the truth may be wanting, as well as a deficiency of moral courage to live according to the requirements that are essential to the building up of a perfect Christian character. And here comes in the beautiful gift of charity, which is said to cover a multitude of imperfections. Experience teaches that true happiness comes not by indulgence in selfgratification and aggrandizement, but by a daily crucifixion to all the lower elements of our nature. In this labor we feel an inward satisfaction, a knowledge of doing right, and for every victory gained we have our reward, which is that of a justified conscience. I would not thus labor for the sake of reward in a life to come, although we have an assurance that the better our lives are on earth, the better prepared we are to meet whatever is for us in the future. Nay, I would perform life's duties, both temporal and spiritual, in a truly conscientious and consecrated manner. It is my duty, my pleasure so to do, and in no other way can I feel justified on my voyage through this life. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.