Enfield, Conn. July 3, 1891. Jests said: 'Blessed are the merciful,' not blessed are the unkind, the cruel, the oppressive, but blessed are the beneficent, the compassionate, those who are kind and willing to forgive. This quality is one of God's characteristics. Those who possess it are like Him, in that respect. In Psalms cxxxvi., every verse ends witli the words, 'For his mercy endureth forever.' If all were merciful what a beautiful world this would be. Even the lower animals might feel that they were in paradise, for 'the merciful man is merciful to his beast.' Notice the last part of this blessing; 'for he shall obtain mercy.' This promise was given by one 'who spake as never man spake,' and he is able to fulfill it. May we grow in this divine characteristic, for our own good, and for the good of others. 50*75 spaces of cream were sold in June. A space of cream is simply a certain measurement of cream, about 34 inch, established by the Brattleboro Vt., Creamer Manufacturing Co., and recognized by buyers of cream in the northern and western part of New England as the standard quantity at a certain price. The former system of measuring cream was by inches, but there were fractional parts difficult to reckon. In the present system there are no fractions. Strawberries will yield a larger revenue from a given area than any other berry, though more labor must be given than raspberries or blackberries require. Small hens may be good layers, but small eggs by the dozen are not desirable. It is the state of mind of the poultry keeper that causes failure in poultry keeping, not the state of the market. Chicago Gluten meal for chickens is excellent. D. Orcutt. We are made aware of the flight of time by the arrival of our beloved little messenger the Manifesto, which we hail with pleasure, as we prize the soul-inspiring truth it contains. The Home Notes are cheering and edifying. The busy season is now approaching, haying has commenced, think it will prove two-thirds of an average crop. The rye field is also nearly ready to harvest and looks uncommonly good. Corn and potatoes looking well, although we have had a dry season thus far. The strawberries have surpassed our expectations, and yielded over 250 quarts; not half the amount of one year ago, on account of the drouth. We have a much larger bed set out this spring, of a better variety, from which we hope to realize something superior another season, but 'Paul may plant and Apollos water, but God giveth the increase.' The garden is bringing forth a good supply of early vegetables, and many are the blessings which surround us as time goes swiftly on and for these may we ever return heartfelt thanks. M. Witham.