Groveland, N. Y. July 9, 1891. With the coming of July we have seen rain showers plentiful; all useful and much needed. A more genial atmosphere is now experienced; the mercury has descended twenty or thirty degrees since the hot days of June. On the sixteenth ult. a party of three attended the graduating exercises at the Geneseo State Normal School, where three thousand persons were present to witness the grand scene. The essays and orations were of the very best; the vocal and instrumental music was most charming. Graduates to the number of one hundred and ten received their diplomas at the hands of the Hon. A. S. Draper, State Superintendant of Public Instruction. After the presentation of the diplomas, he addressed the senior class. In his remarks he told them 'they had been educated by the State for a particular purpose, that of being teachers, and the time was now come when they ought to be of considerable consequence in the world; if they were not, the fault would be with themselves. He noticed in looking over the list of names that there were too many pet names. These might do well in the family and even among intimates, but in public life they would be found a decided disadvantage. If your parents have given you such noble and historic names as Catharine or Elizabeth, do not allow them to be degraded to such diminutives as Kittie and Bessie. Have a substantiality and personality of your own so that your names shall mean something. Have your own opinions but preserve in all things the 'golden mean.' Do not be cranks; do not run off into the isms and vagaries that are so prevalent at present; maintain your opinions firmly ii; they are founded on substantial reasons, but obstinacy is not opinion, an-1 amounts to nothing. Broaden your minds, this is absolutely necessary.' This, with much more valuable advice was given and we trust of the large audience present many will be doers as well as hearers of the good word. 'After the address the Doxology was sung and Dr. Ivittredge of Geneseo closed with the benediction and the commencement services were over.' Children's day was observed in this town June 21st. The service was held in the church building Sunday evening. Rev. Woodworth of Byersville opened the meeting with prayer. The singing by the Sunday School choir and the instrumental music was most entertaining. 'Hie children's recitations were a success. Rev. Woodworth delivered an address on the subject of Peace and its fruits which he told us was intended for the children of all ages and stations. The 'Pearl Gatherers' was perfectly rendered and was a brilliant feature of the evening. John McKay, Superintendent of the Sonyea Sunday School delivered a spirited and well-timed sermon on the mission of the Sabbath School. Mr. McKay is an earnest and enthusiastic worker in the Sunday School cause and is accomplishing much good in the neighborhood by his devotion to the work which will ever need assistance. Raspberry preserving and currant jelly making are among the numerous duties of the day. All that Providence has blessed us with we are endeavoring to secure. G. D. G.