INQUIRY. No. 1 There is, perhaps, no more direct way to obtain the necessary information on questions that may arise, than to present them to those who may be supposed as efficient in meeting the anticipation. Although a correct knowledge of the subject must necessarily embody the whole of it, for a clearer elucidation, yet for the general enquirer a more concise illustration will answer all needed purposes. The why and wherefore will always be demanded for any course, either secular or religious, that may bo adopted on the journey of life, and indeed, it is highly proper that such should be the case with intelligent and investigating minds. The informant should represent the subject of interrogation as clearly and as fully as the circumstances of the case will permit. Our religious home is the Lord's vineyard. The present occupants did not lay the foundation of the Community, and cannot be considered the owners of it only in a usufructuary manner. We accept the property in the name of the Lord our God as a consecrated inheritance which is held in trust by acting Trustees. This property must be used for the mutual protection, support, comfort and happiness of the Brethren and Sisters in the gospel and for such other pious and charitable purposes as the gospel may require. As wTe are denominated a Christian Community, all our time and all wre possess must be devoted to the uses of the Order of which we have become members. Those who are accepted on probation and ultimately become able to comply with the provisions of the Church Covenant may share in the advantages which this property affords as before stated. Inquiries being made having reference to our home, our religious views, or to the management of our Order should always receive kind and respectful attention. No. 1. Upon what conditions is an adult admitted to a Shaker Society? Upon condition that he will conform to the rules and regulations of the Society, and refrain from all acts, conduct or speech that will be prejudicial to its interests. A probationary member may retain the lawful ownership of his property, but the interest accruing therefrom will be devoted to the benefit of the Society, until by his own free consent and the consent of the Trustees he shall consecrate the property to the support of the family where he shall reside. He must discharge all just and legal claims, as the Society will not be held responsible for debts contracted previous to membership. If the applicant has a family, the provisions of the civil law must be complied with, as no believing husband or wife is allowed to separate from an unbelieving companion except by mutual or legal agreement. The residence of a person in the Society will be considered as full compensation for any labor that may be rendered, and wages are not paid to any person accepted into the Community. The applicant for admission should be full}7 informed of the religious belief of the Society and also of all duties and obligations devolving upon its members, as his acceptance is a voluntary consecration of soul and body to the high principles by which the Community is maintained. Some families would add other considerations to the above, as the drinking of alcoholic liquors, and the smoking and chewing of tobacco.