Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. June.. Thermometer. Rain. 1890. 66.10 2% in. 1891. 66.16 3)4 in. Geo. M. W. Center Family. July 12, 1891. Otjk farmers are deep into haying. Youth boys are picking cherries, of which we are having a plenty and to spare. Had new potatoes on the 4th and to-day. They seem a third larger, though still small and not more than half grown. Have two in- quirers here, who seem to be far advanced in spiritual perception, as to the fitness of our work to the present needs of the world. Mark M. Pomeroy and wife spent the Sabbath here, a few weeks since, and has given us a rosy description in his July Advance Thought. He seemed pleased with his visit and with the way we conduct matters and to rightly appreciate our place and work in the world. We view such as indicators of the world's advance in spiritual enlightenment, if no more. * The past month has been a very fruitful one. Strawberries have yielded very abundantly, and extra fine. Cherries are just splendid, and the boys are about tired of picking them. Gardens are looking exceedingly well and promise a plentiful harvest. We enjoyed a beautiful visit with our gospel friends from Enfield, N. H. Only one fault to find; there were no Brethren. They were the most prompt company I ever had the pleasure of waiting upon, always on hand at the appointed time in every instance. Am very sorry to learn we are to have no more visitors this season; perhaps they are being reserved for 1892. We have commenced haying, but oh! the weather; much better for setting out cabbages than for making hay. We have set up, ready for use a hay loader; big stories are told about it, we shall have a story to tell bye and bye. We also have a reaper and binder alreadj to put in the harvest field when the time comes. It costs a good deal to keep up with all the various improved machinery; but I rather think it would cost more to keep on in the old way. Life is a continual problem solved one day at a time. We can generally see afterward where we could have done better. Thanks for new music. In kindest love, D. O. Bk. Daniel's notes slipped off from the end of his pen and into the mail before we were aware he had written them. I thought we would give the account of the strawberry crop, which has been so bountiful this season. According to the size of the patch which yielded best, .we think there would have been over one hundred bushels to the acre; the berries were marvels as to size, and delicious in flavor, I think they are mostly of the Sharpless variety. Here is the aggregate account. Picked 37 bushels and 19 quarts. Preserved 55 gallons. Sold 7 bushels and 22 quarts. Gave away 2 bushels, and 26 quarts. Finished picking the eleventh. Desiring that our love and best wishes may be communicated to one and all of our gospel friends at Canterbury, I am as ever your gospel sister, M. J. A.