Books and Papers. The Phrenological Journal The Phrenological Journal for July has something to say of Prof. C. A. Briggs and the church controversy, and says it clearly and well, giving a portrait of the reverend critic. A remarkable Irishman and public character was Mr. Kavanagh, who is described, and how he made his way in the world, despite the fact he had neither hands nor feet. The character of Hadyn, the great musician, is well limned, and Dr. Reynolds relates certain interesting incidents of animal intelligence. In the department of Practical Phrenology the reader will be much entertained. It contains a striking and profusely illustrated article on the study of character by photographs, and the first prize essay on the 'Utility of Phrenology.' 'A pink of Perfection' hits off a certain type of childhood capitally, and 'Wrong Side Out' is a good illustration of motherly tact. ''Refined Physical Culture' takes up the subject of exercise on a line that has novelty, and 'Grape Juice' will probably open the eyes of some of the temperance people. In his second article on 'Systematic Moral Culture,' the editor opens a newT field, and shows the fallacy of expecting moral starbility without a definite training of the moral faculties. Many other titles in this number (631) are deserving mention. Price, only 15 cents, or $1.50 a year. It is offered 'on trial' six months from this number, the first of the 92nd. volume, for 50 cts. Send on this amount and try it. Address Fowler &amp; Wells Co., publishers, 777 Broadway, New York. Valuable Household Hints. Pieces of licorice laid around where ants run is recommended. Take iron stains from marble with lemon juice or a mixture of spirits of wine and oxalic acid. Meringues should be put on puddings after they are slightly cool, as, if the pudding be hot, the egg will liquefy. Old newspapers torn in small pieces and wet in water softened by the addition of a little ammonia, are excellent to wash lamp-chimneys. Steamed dumplings, with stewed chicken or veal, are an acquisition. Cook both these meats until nearly done, then make the dumplings like baking powder biscuits; pour all but a little of the water from the meats into another vessel for gravy, and put the dumplings in the pot on the meat so they will not touch the water, and cook until all the water is boiled away. To remove scratches and bruises from furniture, rub them gently with a fresh walnut, butternut or hickory nut kernel, and they will disappear as if by magic. To remove the unsightly marks caused by drippings from the faucets in marble basins, or in the water-closet bowl, nothing equals pulverized chalk, moistened with a few drops of ammonia. Apply with an old tooth-brush and they quickly disappear. In cooking vegetables, always remember that boiling water evaporates rapidly on the approach of a storm or when it is raining. From The Ladies' Home Journal.