WHAT MAKES HAPPINESS? Jason B. Pool. Heaven is composed of two elements or conditions. The first in order is a justified conscience, void of offence toward God and man. In this condition we acquire a disposition to deal justly, love mercy, walk humbly and make our fellow-creatures comfortable and happy. The second element has reference to the force of circumstances and to our surroundings. If we have in addition to a clear conscience, a good home with plenty to eat, drink and wear, and all our surroundings are pleasant and agreeable, we are in heaven. But if our surroundings are of a different nature, if we should be placed among a race of savages whose delight would be to hunt us down like bears and wolves, and to torture us in every way they could invent, we should be in misery and torment. Again, when an individual has a jumping toothache, he is liable to have less regard for his previous good conduct. He would be willing to do anything to mitigate that terrible pain. So we see our environments have a great deal to do with our happiness. We are well aware that the reader will be inclined to say to the above, 'this is all very true, but there is nothing new brought to light; nothing that was not familiar to every one. No ghost is needed to tell us that.' Perhaps we can make use of it though, for an illustration. We are admonished to enter the Spirit world with a good conscience, and so far, so good, but the next question is, 'Will our goodness insure us perfect happiness ? ' Will that give us good surroundings in all respects? As we reasonably suppose that the life of the Spirit world is made up of the life from this world, we may well suppose that much evil, confusion and bad conditions are carried thither from here, and this statement is corroborated by our mediums and clairvoyants. Those who have been permitted to make explorations in the Spirit realm aver that it is composed of spirits of various grades and conditions ; some good, some bad, and some indifferent, all of whom commenced their career in this world. But perhaps there are other beings which make bad conditions besides the human. If the life of animals and vegetables exist after the dissolution of the organic structure, then it follows that there is much confusion existing with respect to animal and vegetable life in the Spirit world, because there is much existing in this world among these classes. It is not to be doubted, however, but that good spirits when they enter the Spirit world find a haven of rest. It is said, that like gathers to like ; consequently the good gather to the good, and make happiness for their own company, yet it is believed that they are, to some extent, adversely affected by outsiders. It is therefore of the utmost importance that steps be taken to make the Spirit world a ' 'land of pure delight.' The doctrine which the materialists inculcate, 'one world at a time,' will hardly answer our purpose. It savors too much of carelessness and unconcern for tha future life, although while here we can act only in one world, yet we should ever have a concern for the next. We should not only endeavor to save ourselves, but also teach the necessity of bringing this world into a normal condition and thereby bring about a state of improvement in the Spirit world. Hancock, Mass.