LOOKING BEYOND THE SHADOWS. Hamilton De Graw. In taking an exoteric view of life, feeling the conflicting forces that are producing such discordant notes in the human soul, the tendency is to a pessimistic conception of life's unfoldment. The externals of our existence absorbing so much of our time, and the vital forces being drawn upon merely to sustain physical existence, neither time is given nor inclination to enter into the soul of things and dwell in the inner temple where a conscious communion with the divine spirit places the recipient beyond the influence of material conditions, where the apostle Paul can affirm 'that the things that are seen are transitory, bat the things that are not seen are eternal.' When Jesus told his disciples that he had meat to eat that they knew not of, he alluded to those vitalizing spiritual forces that the truly esoteric mind is in constant rapport with, enabling it to look beyond the shadows of material life into the realm of the spiritual, from which is constantly flowing in pure and living streams those lifesustaining forces that will even give sustenance to the physical organization, and enable it to endure privations that under conditions not in harmony with those life-centers would culminate in death. A witness to the truth of said affirmation is the case of Ann Lee when confined for fourteen days in a cell with the intention of starving her. She could not have been kept alive with the small amount of milk and wine she received once a day, if she had not been in rapport with the fountain of life from which emanations are being sent, and received into all forms of life in the material and spiritual world. As discordant tones are not so far reaching, leaving only the harmony to be made manifest to the ear, so distance in spirit from the apparent commotion that is producing the discord in human life, leaves only the impress of peace on the soul. The geological structure of our planet indicates at some remote time, time so vast as to be beyond human comprehension, a period of intense and fiery commotion. Elements apparently contending with other elements for the mastery. But as wTe see, that was not the ultimatum. Out of the apparent confusion and discord of these has come the higher developed conditions and more harmonious surroundings of the present. And so with the spirit's unfoldment, if true to its inherent life forces, it must look beyond the shadows of the present turmoil of human society into the bright vista that is constantly unfolding and revealing higher conceptions of life. To the soul that has truly entered the inner temple of its existence, the crash of empires and the wivck of worlds disturb not its peace nor break the harmony existing between it and the infinite life. Praise or blame, adversity or prosperity in the external world, it passes by as the idle wind, heeded not because conscious of the indwelling truth, and looking beyond the shadows, sees the substance, and in that securely rests. Then as the elements that are producing the present discordant notes in human life are only temporary ebullitions of the surface, while down deep in the internal seas a holy calm prevails, the wisest course is to wait calmly, possessing in patience our souls, knowing that we cannot be deceived in accepting the shadow for the substance. The lions that intercepted the path of Pilgrim and terrified him, quailed when boldly met, and proved harmless phantoms when advanced upon with a brave heart. As darkness is but the absence of light, so these negations cannot terrify the soul that serenely dwells in ihe consciousness of the divine presence. Not whatever is, is right, only in the sense that these perturbations arising from false views of life and the obligations that are due from one individual to another, can be used as stepping stones to higher conditions, and the wrath of man can be made to redound to the glory of God. And thus assured that the divine all-sustaining power that forgetteth not a sparrow that falleth to the ground, will not forsake the soul who on it trustingly relies, calmly, hopefully and joyfully the pathway of life can be pursued, knowing that the ever present light will lead us out of the darkness and shadows into the brightness of the coming day. Groveland, N. Y.