THE KENTUCKY REVIVAL. By Richard M'Nemar of Union Village, Ohio. Published in Albany, N. Y., in 1808. No. 9. Concerning the New Lights, Continued. 'April 21, 1804, John Miller, Amos Valentine and Joseph Stout, publicly related the circumstances of their conversion, with which the clmrch was well satisfied and gave them the right hand of fellowship, as worthy members of the suffering body of Christ. Samuel Kimbel informed the church with tears, that he had wounded his own conscience and the cause of God by associating with the wicked in a tavern, and tossing a dollar for whisky; professed his abhorrence of such conduct and his determination to be more guarded in future. The church was satisfied with his repentance and agreed that the offence be forgiven.' J. F. informed the church that he had been overtaken in a quarrel, in which he suffered anger to rise in his breast, whereby the holy spirit was grieved. Yet as he did not manifest that the leaven was purged out in such a manner as to feel the fellowship of that spirit which turns the other cheek to the smiter, loves an enemy, and returns blessing for cursing ; the church agreed that he be kept on suspense till further satisfaction be obtained.' Observe, it was upon the supposition that Christ was in this body of people, that transgressors came forward and confessed their sins, and such confessions were not considered as being made to men, but to God, and the forgiveness to proceed from that spirit, which was at one with the Father and the Son. In this mode of government, the republican body was filed off in a separate capacity, and the surrounding multitude were considered as belonging to a different family, and any one might have the privilege of coming over, confessing their wickedness, professing their repentance and uniting with their spirit as far as they chose. The way was as free and open for any to change sides in a different manner. These churches still retained the use of the sacraments, but from the change which had taken place in the ministry, the end and use of the sac- rament was very differently considered. When the imputed righteousness of Christ, the satisfaction made to justice in behalf of the sinner, and the imputed authority of the standing clergy to minister in the name of Christ, were set aside, the former use of the sacraments must of course go with the rest, for there remained no one regularly ordained to administer them. It may be enquired whether these churches did not consider themselves authorized to ordain ministers. I answer they did not, as appears evident from the tenor of their faith on that subject, as stated in the 'Observations on Church Government,'- as well as from th/1 manner in which they acted in relation to that important matter. The farthest that they went was to express their satisfaction with, and encourage those whom they believed had power and authority given them from heaven, as appears from the following minute, dated Sept. 29, 1804. 'The church took into consideration the case of Brother Worley, relative to his laboring in the word. He was examined as to his soundness in the faith, with which examination the church was satisfied :' and he was encouraged to exercise his talents in public exhortation, as Providence might call and direct. The Schismatics had too fresh a remembrance of the sufferings they had undergone in obtaining liberty from the reputed vicegerents of Christ, acting in his room and stead, to allow them to lay hands suddenly on any one, and especially as they conceived it necessary that the Holy Spirit should be given in the important article of ordaining a true minister of the Gospel. In consequence of encouragement from the republican body, there were certain individuals who took charge in public exercises, which leads me to state some of the peculiarities of their worship. From their gens-rid faith that God and Christ had their abode in the soul of man, and from those inward feelings of love and power which they occasionally felt, through the medium of a lively faith, they were led to believe that whatever exercise was congruous to that inward feeling, and had a tendency to increase it, was acceptable to God, as true worship. Hence, by giving the right hand of fellowship to those who were admitted into the community, and finding that it tended to increase the inward workings of the spirit, it was gradually introduced as a common act of worship, in concert with singing hymns and spiritual songs. The whole society, old and young, would commonly unite in this mode of worship and taking each other by the hand, would shake not only their hands but their whole bodies, with such violence that the place would seem to quiver under them. This the}?- called rejoicing, and in this worship they considered it the privilege of every one to unite who believed the new doctrine of atonement. Admitting that God was love, could not be changed, was the same to one soul as another and would have all to be saved. Nothing remained but for the soul to love God and rejoice in confident hope of salvation, and manifest its faith and confi- dence by every such bodily exercise as had a loving or joyful appearance. The New-Lights had considered it presumption to perform any of these bodily exercises voluntarily, into which the}7 were forced by a supernatural power, but this kind of faith appeared childish to the Schismatics. They supposed that whatever God moved the creature to by his irresistible power, must be acceptable to him. Therefore, it was their privilege to do voluntarily what was acceptable to God, rather than be once in a while dragged to it, and the rest of their time offer up such voluntary worship as was 4 'full of unbelief and sin.' The I\e\v-Lights, struck down and held under the power of death for a time, then raised as in a new world of light and vision, and carried away with such raptures of joy, could not possibly conceal their conversion. Such a conversion and way of manifesting it, however acceptable it might be to God, as being the effect of his irresistible power, yet the Schismatics conceived it to be more acceptable to God, and not without good reason, for one who was convinced of sin and had turned from it, to rise in the assembly of those who were like-minded, testify his views and feelings, and declare his intentions boldly and voluntarily. Again if he was overtaken with a fault, if it should be so small a thing as tossing a dollar for whiskey or suffering a little anger to arise in his breast, that he voluntarily confess it in the open light and profess his abhorrence of it. There must appear a very marked difference between this worship and that in which the sinner was overtaken with the power of God, and constrained to do what he did not love, and might afterwards excuse himself that he could not help it, and still claim his union with the world by a voluntary profession that he was yet a sinner, prone to evil and no better than any other. All that distinguished him from others, was the lighting down of a sovereign power upon him which he could not avoid. The Schismatics conceived they were worshiping God to acceptance, while relating their conversion, expressing their abhorrence of sin, and singing spiritual songs to that effect, 'I shall be holy here,' shaking hands and shuddering with indignation against their soul-enemies, and crying out for final liverance from them. 'Make me, Savior, what thou art: Live thyself within my heart.' Leaping and skipping voluntarily in the joyful hope ; 'Then the world shall always see, Christ the holy child in me.' (to be continued.)