Harvard, Mass. I see by the home notes from our Canterbury friends that they have been bountifully blest through their harvest time, by the troublesome blessing as the farmer styles it just at this time, of rain. Could this blessing have been equally dispensed over Harvard and elsewhere, I think we could have reported a more perfect crop of the staff of life for the animal kingdom. However, haying is closed and our tally counts up one hundred tons of the best hay that has been put into the barn for the last twelve years. Monday the 8th of June we cut our early piece of clover and then with a short intermission to the 22nd. when we started again and from that time to the present we have had but one shower of rain to wet our hay. Early peas, beans and potatoes came along in uncommon good season. Corn is looking excellent, for which I think all the farmers will feel thankful. ]S'o doubt it will make the speculators feel a little sore, but this year we hold it is the farmers' year, and am glad to see them come up and fill the important place assigned to them. Health of Society good. Our dear Eldress Eliza whom we had given up to the care of the angels and we thought they would claim her as one of theirs, is slowly improving though quite weak in body. Our Manifesto grows better each time and we long for the next number. This is the way it should be, and many blessings rest upon the wearied hands who toil to make it so. What greater blessing can we realize than to know we are striving to help others. This is the love of God. This formed the key-note to our meeting this morning, to look for the bright spots in the lives of our Brethren and Sisters, to spread sunshine and cheer in the path of everv one. A few weeks since there was a book sent to Harvard, entitled 'The Greatest thing in the World.' Now what do you think that great thing was? It was the true spirit of love, and I felt that I could endorse the sentiment and say, thus it is. The love principle when understood with perfect wisdom and knowledge will be the true Savior to mankind. Love is magnetic and draws to itself the condition loved. It is the prime factor in a spiritual growth. We read, 'God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son,' who said, 'I am the light of the world.' Godliness then is a love of humankind, a love that is like that of a father for his child to help him from all suffering conditions. Have this love clothed with knowledge and wisdom and what a powerful factor it becomes. The mighty Alexander with all the forces of Greece could not stand before it. Love then, surely, becomes the greatest thing in the world. A. D. B.