THE KENTUCKY REVIVAL. By Richard M'Nemar OF Union Village, Ohio. Published in Albany, N. Y., in 1808. No. 10. New Lights and Schismatics. The principal thing that distinguished the Schismatic worship from that of the New-Lights, was their taking the privilege of exhibiting by a bold faith, what others were moved to by a blind impulse. This they considered a great improvement, growth and advancement in the spirit of the revival. Upon this principle, the voluntary exercise of dancing was introduced as the worship of God, by Br. Thompson and some others who were forward in promoting the grand schism. Although this singular worship was practiced voluntarily with a degree of formality, yet it was not introduced in a formal way, but by following up and improving those operations which at first irresistibly forced them into that exercise. At the spring sacrament at TurtleCreek in 1804, Br. Thompson had been constrained just at the close of the meeting to go to dancing, and for an hour or more to dance in a regular manner round the stand, all the while repeating in a low tone of voice; ' 'This is the Holy Spirit, Glory!' But it was not till the ensuing fall, that the Schismatics began to encourage ona another to praise God in the dance and unite in that exercise ; just believing that it was their privilege to rejoice before the Lord, and go forth in the dances of them that make merry. However, the Schismatics aimed at that worship which should be expressive of uniform and continual joy, yet they were far from attaining it, and at least the one half of their exercises were of a contrary nature ; some of a voluntary and others of an involuntary kind. Among their voluntary acts of worship, was the general confession that they were sinners, rebuking, reproving and laboring to reclaim their fellows who were more notoriously wicked than the rest; some praying to God to sanctify their corrupt natures, and others praying against their prayers. This kind of praying-match was a very common Schismatic exercise. They considered it contrary to their federal constitution for one to attack another openly by any supposed authority, and therefore they had recourse to the spirit, and by the brightest, boldest and loudest gift of prayer, the cause was commonly decided. In this way they generally settled their controversies of every kind. One would begin to preach or exhort, and if his doctrine was judged unsound or uninteresting, he would be presently matched with a prayer, and whichever collected the greatest warmth and manifested the most lively sensation of soul, gained the victory, and interested the general shout on that side. There were moreover in the Schismatic worship, a species of exercises of an involuntary kind, which seemed to have been substituted by the Great Spirit, in the room of the falling, which had been among the New-Lights. The principal of these, were the rolling exercise, the jerks and the barks. The rolling exercise which consisted in being cast down in a violent manner, doubled with the head and feet together, and rolled over and over like a wheel, or stretched in a prostrate manner, turned swiftly over and over like a log. This was considered very debasing and mortifying, especially if the person was taken in this manner through the mud, and sullied therewith from head to foot. Still more demeaning and mortifying, were the jerks. Nothing in nature could better represent this strange and unaccountable operation, than for one to goad another, alternately on every side with a piece of hot iron. The exercise commonly began in the head which would fly backward and forward and from side to side with a quick jolt, which the person would naturally labor to suppress, but in vain. The more any one labored to stay himself and be sober, the more he staggered, and the more rapidly his twitches increased. He must necessarily go as he was stimulated, whether with a violent dash on the ground and bounce from place to place like a football, or hop round with head, limbs and trunk, twitching and jolting in every direction, as if they must inevitably fly asunder. How such could escape without injury, was no small wonder to spectators. By this strange operation the human frame was commonly so transformed and disfigured, as to lose every trace of its natural appearance. Sometimes the head would be twitched right and left to a half round, with such velocity that not a feature could be discovered but the face appear as much behind as before. In the quick, progressive jerk, it would seem as if the person was transmuted into some other species of creature. Head-dresses were of little account. Even kerchiefs bound tight round the head, would be flirted off almost with the first twitch, and the hair put into the utmost confusion. This was a very great incon venience, to redress which, the generality were shorn, though directly contrary to their confession of faith. Such as were seized with the jerks, were wrested at once, not only from under their own government, but that of every one else, so that it was dangerous to attempt confining them, or touching them in any manner, to whatever danger they were exposed. Few were hurt, except it were such as rebelled against the operation through willful and deliberate enmity, and refused to comply with the injunctions which it came to enforce. The last possible grade of mortification seemed to be couched in the barks, which frequently accompanied the jerks nor were they contemptible characters who were the common victims of this disgracing operation, but persons who considered themselves in the foremost rank, possessed of the highest improvements of human nature. In spite of all the efforts of nature, both men and women would be forced to personate that animal, whose name, appropriated to a human creature, is counted the most vulgar stigma. Forced I say, for no argument but force, could induce any one of polite breeding, in a public company, to take the position of a canine beast, move about on all fours, growl, snap the teeth, and bark in so personating a manner, as to set the eyes and ears of the spectator at variance. It was commonly acknowledged by the subjects of these exercises, that they were laid upon them as a chastisement for disobedience, or a stimulus to incite them to some duty or exercise to which they felt opposed. Hence, it was very perceivable that the quickest method to find releasement from the jerks and barks, was to engage in the voluntary dance. Such as refused, being inwardly moved thereto as their duty and privilege, had to bear these afflicting operations from month to month, and from year to year, until they wholly lost their original design, and were converted into a badge of honor, in the same manner as the first outward mark of human guilt. Although these strange convulsions served to overawe the heaven-daring spirits of the wicked, and stimulate the halting Schismatics to the performance of many duties disagreeable to the carnal mind, yet in all this, their design was not fully comprehended. Something doubtful and awful, was thought to be figured oat thereby, which would suddenly fall with pain upon the heads of the wicked; and nothing was more calculated to excite such fearful apprehensions, than the expressions that were sometimes mixed with the bow wow wow, such as every knee shall bow, and every tongue confess. At least these exercises served to show that the foundation was not yet laid for unremitting joy, and that such as attached themselves to this people, must unite with them as a body destined to suffer with Christ, before they could reign with him. However great the sufferings of the Schismatics, from a sense of their own remaining depravity, the burden and weight of distress they bore for a lost world, the hatred, contempt, and persecuting rage of all around them together with the spasmodic writhings of body with which they were so generally exercised ; yet they were not a little alleviated by the many extraordinary signs and gifts of the spirit, through which they were encouraged to look for brighter days. Among these innumerable signs and gifts, may be ranked, the spirit of prophecy; being caught up or carried away in this spirit, and remaining for hours insensible of anything in nature, dream- ing of dreams, seeing visions, hearing unspeakable words, the fragrant smell, and delightful singing. This spirit of prophecy is particularly worthy of notice, which had its foundation in a peculiar kind of faith, and grew up under the special influence of visions and dreams. The first thing was to believe what God had promised, with an appropriating faith; cast anchor upon the thing promised though unseen, and hold the soul to the pursuit of it in defiance of all the tossing billows of unbelief. This faith, so contrary to the carnal heart, they concluded must be of God. It must be the spirit of Christ, or God working in the creature, both to will and to do. What is the promise but the purpose of God? What is the purpose of my soul, says the Schismatic, but to have the thing promised. Has God promised ? He cannot lie : Has He purposed? He cannot alter. What his spirit leads me to, I shall possess, as certain as God is stronger than evil. Upon this principle all were encouraged to believe the promise and immediately set out in co-operation with the promiser; and in proportion to the strength of their faith, to predict the certain accomplishment of that purpose of God, which they felt within them. Notwithstanding this faith furnished a very bold foundation for predicting what should come to pass, yet it was far from comprehending the whole of that evidence, upon which the Schismatic looked for the purpose and promise of God to be fulfilled. It was very common for them to be caught up or carried away by the same spirit of faith, and be shown in bright and heavenly visions, the indisputable reality of what they before contemplated in a simple belief. In those ecstacies some would seem to desert the body, and leave it for hours in a state almost or quite inanimate. Others in their transports, would seem to use their clay tenement as a kind of instrument, to sign out and represent to the spectators, what the active spirit saw in open vision. Of these extraordinary visions, nothing can be communicated here beyond an imperfect hint, and whether they ever be correctly stated on paper is a matter of doubt. Their general import respected things that were darkly hinted at in the Scriptures, and hard to be understood ; such things as were especially to take place in the latter days. Hence, notwithstanding they had adopted the Scriptures under the notion of a confession of faith, yet it was not immediately to the Scriptures they applied for light, but to that transporting spirit which opened clearly to the mind, those mysterious things recorded in Scripture, which the wisest men upon earth, without the spirit, could not understand. We view Christ as the only center of union, and love the only bond. Let us labor after this spirit, and when we obtain it, then we shall all be united in one body. Some are groaning for the wounds of the Presbyterian cause ; some for the Methodist and some for the Baptist each believing that it is the cause of Christ for which they are groaning. Some are as heartily groaning for the wounds of the Christian cause, without respect to namefc. or parties. If we should unite our groans and cries to the Father of our mercies, for the general release and the coming of the Lord's kingdom with power, God would hear and answer us. 0 let us unite in the common cause. Then will Zion shake herself from the dust, shine forth as the sun in his brightness and be terrible as an army with banners. Then shall she be a cup of trembling to all the people round about her, and shake terribly the nations. Then shall that man of sin be destroyed, and righteousness shall flow down as a mighty stream. These things, dear brethren,' are not vain imaginations for God is now about to take the earth. Thy kingdom come. Even so come Lord Jesus. Brethren, yours in the Lord. R. Marshall. J. Dunlavy. B. W. Stone. J. Thompson, (to be continued.)