Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. August. Thermometer. 1890. 66.19 1891. 69.15 Rain. 11 % in. 3 13.16 in. Geo. M. W. Center Family. Sept. 6, 1891. How swiftly fly the wheels of time! Only a few days ago, seemingly, I wrote Home Notes for July and lo! and behold another month is numbered with the past! Have we anything to show for the march of events? Yea, surely. Our barns are well filled with the produce of the earth and potatoes are being stored for winter, which are of very fine quality. Pears are so abundant it is difficult to market them, especially since peaches glut the market of our inland city of Pittsfield. Both these fruits are very fine this year. Plums are also very plentiful, and prices range accordingly. Our tomato crop looks likely to be a failure, yet we hope to secure enough of this indispensable article to make us comfortable, insomuch as creature comforts are concerned. I am pleased with the musings of our poets O. C. Hampton and Cecelia De Vere. There are other gifted writers who contribute occasionally for our edification to the columns of the Manifesto; my thanks to each and all who feel an interest in making our paper a vehicle for Shaker thought and the intercommuning of the various Churches, located in the several states of the Union. Surely, we as a people should feel as much solicitude in sustaining our little Periodical for spreading the truths of Shakerism as other religious bodies are, in propagating their views of God and Christ and what constitutes Christianity. On Aug. 26, a party of eight Sisters and seven Brethren from our home went to G-reylock summit, the highest point of land in the state of Massachusetts, being about 3,500 ft. above sea level. We had quite an enjoyable time, for an outing. Some of us had to sleep on the floor, which did not quite come up in point of comfort to our nice hair and husk mattresses, still we roughed it through and liked the ciiange. T. D. E. !N o rtlx Fam ily-. Sept. 10, 1891. Chilly nights and cool mornings remind us of approaching winter and of the necessity of having our fire arrangements all in safe working order. At this season of the year we only need a little flash of fire, and the light fuel we use is just right to set chimneys and stove pipes on fire if they are not cleared of soot. Defective flues and carelessly put up stove pipes cause a large percentage of the fires in our country. I had a little experience in our boiler cellar, the other morning. We were burning some trashy stuff and a few sparks fell on the floor; I took the broom and swept them up and hung up the broom. In a few moments a scent of smoke attracted my attention, and I went to see what was the cause, and found the broom on fire; water being handy and I being right there no damage occurred. I have concluded hereafter to wet the broom before hanging it up. We are now engaged cutting corn for ensilage. We have the boiler outside the barn and we draw the wood as we want it; a cart load was dumped near by, and in the middle of the forenoon smoke was observed coming from that load of wood. A spark had fallen from the smoke-stack upon the wood and fire was the result. We make it an invariable rule after we start a fire in the boiler, never to leave it; we remain there until every spark is extinguished by an abundance of water, and the same with our kilns for drying apples &amp;c. They should never be left till the fire is in a perfectly safe condition, and never leave on any account when drying in the night. A hose should be attached to the hydrant and ready for instant use; but where there is no hydrant a barrel or two of water and pails should always be in readiness. We finished haying on Sept. 4. Fruit harvest has commenced and is very abundant. Our Ministry leave for Watervliet on the 16th. inst. In kindest love. D. O.