Shakers, N. Y. We have been having delightful weather the past month, for harvesting our various crops, which have all been very good. We are about done canning tomatoes, which have yielded far better than we expected. A warm Sept. ripened the fruit nicely. The amount of tomatoes canned in the Society must be about 4000 doz. The Church family have dried over 100 bbls. of sweet corn and the Second family will have nearly 200 bbls. They will finish cutting about the 16th. of this month. We are digging the potatoes and they are affording a good crop. The apple and pear trees have been breaking down with abundance of fruit. We certainly should give thanks to the Lord for this bountiful harvest of temporal blessings. We have also received spiritual blessings, at the hand of the Lord as we were found worthy. The South family have been building an addition to their family dwelling, which is nearly finished, and is a much needed improvement; for while they always have room in their hearts to welcome those who wish to be Believers, still their house was rather small. They are now well provided with room in the dining hall and in the chambers. J. B. Second Family. The weather during Sept. was unusually warm, ripening fruit, corn and tomatoes so fast, that it required diligence to keep pace with the growth, and not allow it to go to waste. The last week in Sept. this family put up seven hundred dozen cans of tomatoes, the largest yield we ever had in one week. At the same time we were cutting and drying corn, also cutting ensilage. We have obeyed the counsel of Mother Ann in 'hands to work,' and hope we have done as well in giving our hearts to God, who has so bountifully blest us with an abundant harvest. Oct. 4th. was the warmest day of the season. We had a pleasant surprise about three weeks ago by a call from Eldress Martha Johnson and five young Sisters from Hancock. They came to Albany for an outing, but as it was raining hard on their arrival, the Elders of the South family who were there to escort them, concluded it would be better to spend the day at Watervliet. So all came out and made a running visit and returned the next day. We enjoyed it more perhaps for the lack of formality. We hope to hear that Br. [ra Lawson has improved in health and we, with his friends at Hancock, hope that God may grant him a longer lease of life. Our Ministry are still with us except one familiar face, which we miss, but hope to see the next time they arrive at the Valley. Elder Joseph returned to our home in good health and gave us the love of gospel kindred in western Societies at our religious service. Love to all our gospel friends North, South, East and West.