Ayer, Mass. Oct. 1, 1891. We are just now having glowing accounts of the future of our people by a spiritualistic medium who has been with us a few days. She has looked into the future of Society and tells us what we are to be in three years from this time. All very good, but I fear there is a work to be done before reaching that glorious state. No condition in Society can be attained without work and the more glorious, the more ardent and severe the labor of those who are the pioneers of the work. The strongest test of character is the power to work free of personal spirit. No change has ever been accomplished without a great sacrifice on the part of some of the members of Society, hence the great necessity of help from the powers of wisdom. To have a power to work while out of sympathy with many of the methods and yet in entire sympathy with the true purpose of the work is a great gift of grace, and belongs to the best characters. A unity of purpose can exist where there is diversity of opinion as to how the purpose is to be accomplished. True devotion is not shown by tenacity of opinion, but by a spirit of investigation to discover how far that tenacity of opinion is true and can be justified. Wliere the object of each worker is the good of all and to build up the true principles, there will be but little opposition to meet. Success then will not rest on 'I Think' but on 'these are the facts, how can we meet them.' A misunderstanding may sometimes arise, but it is not due so much to personal feelings, as a lack of frankness of expression of the true feeling. 'Let us reason together,' is good logic, and where there has been a mistake made, let us look upon it as a mistake of the head and not of the heart. Duties of the household stand about the same from month to month, though the Sisters have shaken from their shoulders the work of herb-picking and are now engaged in the preserving of fruit. The farmers have filled the silo with eighty-five tons of the best of corn fodder. Nothing pleases the farmer more than to see the fruits of the harvest coming in bountifully, and he feels assured that 'God helps those who help themselves.' As there is, generally, a strife among gardeners to have the first ripe tomatoes, I would suggest that they try Maul's Tree tomato. If you have not had it, try it next year and let us know of your success. I think it is one of the wonders of the garden. I set 175 plants and I think every plant yielded not less than three pecks of good tomatoes. A. D. B.