THE COMING ERA. M. J. Anderson. By the eternal laws of change and growth, man is destined to progress from lower unto higher forms of existence ; and, as he advances toward the source and fountain of all life, he must leave behind the habits and practices befitting the lower rudimental stage of development. New thoughts will inspire, and new revelations of truth awaken in his soul aspirations toward diviner loves, holier desires and purer springs of action. As the ceaseless activities of unfolding nature in the external universe bring ever increasing demand for higher cultivation in forest, field and garden, and man combines elements in sublimated forms to perfect the productions of earth; and as science labors continually to develop and refine plant-life ; should not human beings give more attention to the rational consideration of the material that goes into the physical laboratory, out of which grows and is sustained the organic system, 'the house in which we live?' whose varied powers and functions receive their energy and life from the elements, spiritual and material, which surround us ; in the air we breathe, the food we eat and the water we drink. Climatic changes have much to do with man's cravings ; still a greater influence has long accustomed habit; that is the chain that binds him to appetites which rule instead of reason ; and a positive knowledge of what is for his best good. The glutton, like the drunkard, stimulates his abnormal tastes and vitiated appetites, until his overworked and worn-out system rebels, and the many ills he has generated, culminates in some terrible malady, and he comes to an untimely end: dies a fool for want of simple understanding and power of self-restraint, which might have prolonged his days in health and happiness ; thus thousands die annually. 'Man needs but little were his judgment true, Nature is frugal and her wants are few, Those few wants answered bring sincere delights, But fools create themselves new appetites.' The wonderful cereals that thrive so beautifully under the sunny skies of spring and summer, with their corresponding luscious fruits, afford ample food for blood, brain and muscle. Mother-earth yields enough for all, and in the years to come, 'when knowledge shall cover the earth as the waters cover the seas,' and enlightened humanity, simple in their habits and morally sensitive in their natures, shall shrink from injuring even the least of God's creatures. As civilization has advanced, many forms of life have become extinct; so in the higher stages of development, different species of animals will pass to oblivion, because man shall not need them either for food or use, he shall be no more their servant nor consumer. God's holy chosen people, who sustain pure angelic relations in their intercourse between the sexes, will rise superior to connection with the generative animal creation, and will only hold such as they absolutely need as beasts of burden ; and we may see the time when these can be dispensed with, as electricity becomes utilized in all the fields of labor. Their employment will be to till the soil, and raise grain and fruit, mingled with other occupations suited to a more interior spiritual life, in which the esthetical shall not be ignored ; use and beauty shall harmonize in their relations ; physical, mental and spiritual culture will be the result. Bright visions of the near future open before us, when grand revelations of truth shall quicken our perceptions and mould our lives more in the likeness of Divinity, from whose life we derive life, and toward whose perfection we are tending. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.