THE SQUARE HOUSE. The Square House was built by the followers of Shadrach Ireland in the year 1767. At that date it was in a very secluded situation, being intended as a retreat, or as a hiding place for Ireland, as he was persecuted for the testimony which he preached. The house was raised in the night, to avoid the company that would be present if the work was done during the cla}T. The proprieters did not even permit their children to know when the house was to be built. Those engaged in the work, so far as can be ascertained, were David Hoar, Malabor Bean, Isaac Willard, Abel Jewett, Samuel and Jonathan Cooper, Ethan Phillips, John Manor and Zaccheus Stephens. A few others may have given contributions. Ireland contributed only by his labor, as he had a family in Cambridge, Mass., but these he left in an obscure manner to escape from his persecutors. The house had a square roof, surmounted by a cupola. This was used as a watch-tower, that they could the more easily detect the approach of any stranger. From the cupola there was a secret trap door, and a run of stairs by the side of the chimney which led to the cellar. This passage had no other entrance, except at the cupola or in the cellar, and these were so carefully constructed as not to be noticed. When the Elders arrived at the Square House, Samuel Cooper and his family, consisting of four persons, held it in charge. There was also present two aged women, the followers of Ireland. Mother Ann was well acquainted with the place and the people, so soon as slie entered the dwelling, as it had all been shown to her, in vision, before she left England. The followers of Shadrach Ireland had accepted his religious doctrine with implicit confidence, and as he had testified to tlieui that he should never die, they believed at the time of his death, that it was only for a few days, when he would rise again to dwell on the earth forever. His death occurred in 1780. As the reanimation of life delayed its return, his body was placed in the cellar. It is not known how long it remained there, but from the odor that permeated the house, it aroused a suspicion among those who visited the premises that a corpse must be the cause. Everything concerning Ireland was conducted, by his followers with the utmost secrecy. They seldom spoke his name, but called him ilThe Man.' His body was now removed from the cellar in the darkness of the night and buried in a corn field, but a few rods distant. To add to the mystery of the scene, five hills of corn were carefully removed, and after the burial, as carefully returned to their several places, where they grew during the summer and in the autumn yielded a golden harvest. Tho deed of the Square House and the adjoining farm had been given to Ireland, to be held as consecrated property by those who contributed to the building of the house and to the purchasing of the farm, and to their successors in the faith. After the decease of Ireland, David Hoar and his spiritual helper Malabar Bean assumed the right to be the directtors. Hoar was an able and influential man while his helper was a wealthy and designing woman. They occupied the Square House less than two years, when Hoar was arrested and placed in jail for refusing to pay the Minister's tax. Malabar left about the same time, and did not return. Aaron Jewett went to live at the Square House in 1783, and was the director of the family at the time the Elders arrived at Harvard. The Believers were so interested in the place that they proposed to purchase the property, but encountered several obstacles, on account of the peculiar manner in which the property was obtained. Thomas Robbins, a son-in-law of Ireland claimed the property as the lawful heir, and from him the Believers were obliged to obtain it. The property was valued at $570.00. Of this amount the Elders contributed 144.17. The balance was given as a free-will offering by some thirty contributors. After it came into the possession of the Believers, it was proposed to call it 'Mother's House.' The deed was taken by Br. Aaron Jewett, who was appointed the first Trustee of the Church at Harvard, Mass. It is still preserved at that place. We have no doubt that holy angels and justified spirits have respect to the dwelling, as this agrees with the testimony of all good Believers who visit it, and even those who are not of the faith have acknowledged that a heavenly influence pervades the place.