THE DYING YEAR. Florina Harding. Alas! the good old year is dying; Onward and onward are its moments flying, Its joys and its sorrows together we've known O, where have its golden tipped moments flown Sot long ago we heard spring's gentle tread, And before our eyes her rich robe she spread; The sequestered nooks and lone silent places, She adorned with her rich and beautiful graces. On the barren mountain's towering height, The forest arose in its kingly might; E'en there she cast her bright robe of green, While flowers arose and blushed unseen. Thus around us they stood in their beauty anew Watered and nurtured by summer's rich dew, They smiled to the sun- and its glittering ray. As it kissed from each leaf the dewdrops awa. From the tall stately trees to the tiniest leaf, Springtide adorned with her flowery wreath, The hand of our maker in each form was seen As they stood richly dressed in their fresh robes of green; Thus decked in the glories of fair springtide, Creation stood forth in its beauty and pride; Nourished by heaven's cool showers so sweet, It blossomed in beauty 'neath the summer's heat. But on rolled the wheels ot progress and time; And autumn soon came her ripe sheaves to bind; With fingers of magic her sickle she wields, And gathers her harvest from nature's vast fields; But alas! what a change o'er creation is wrought, A s each living thing in its language has taught No longer she stands in her gaudy array, For the harsh winds of winter have swept them away. The lone barren sod and the once rippling rills, The woodlands, the mountains, the valleys and hills, All tell that stern winter is bearing its sway, All, all tell the old year is passing away; Passing, passing away is nature's refrain; , While our hearts unite and re-echo the same, Passing away, swiftly passing away, Is the good old year with its bright happy day Then let us pause while reflection we cast; On the wrong and unkind deeds of the past, Let the wrong in the heart no longer stay, Let these with the old year be passing away. May unkind thoughts that are false and untrue The angry words and actions too, May these in each heart be cast out to-day, May these with the old year be passing away. May the passions of envy, malice and strife, Which mar the happiness of human life, May these no longer hold their sway, But with the old year be passing away. Then will our souls grow in beauty and love, And mould in the likeness of the father above Then clearer we'll see love's bright shining ray, When all with the old year has passed away. West Pittsfield, Mass.