Sonyea, N. Y. Nov. 1891. November, the same as its ten predecessors finds some labor still for busy hands to do. The wheat threshing was finished for the season Tuesday the twenty-seventh ult. No better wheat can be found in all the region round about Groveland than that raised by our efficient apostle Paul R. Kingston, whose faithful services are ever in demand and needed more and more as the years speed away. Thursday the twenty-ninth ult. completed the threshing of oats, and like the wheat will claim the first premium, if first premiums are given. The silo has a capacity for some less than four hundred tons, nearly three hundred have found lodging therein. The bean crop was secured in good time, but failed in points of perfection; all that matured are ready for future disposal. Tuesday the third inst. we were favored with a very agreeable visit from our friend, M. Otto Redans of Buffalo. He is a conductor on a passenger train on the Erie Road from Buffalo to Dansville. For the last nine years he has passed the Community twice each day on his route east and west. Since the twenty-third of last month, the trains have ceased running to Dansville. Their eastern terminus now is at (the city on the hill,) Mt' Morris. Mr. Redans improved the sunny day driving from town to spend a few hours visiting and viewing the premises, till time to return to his afternoon train. He says this is his first visit to a Shaker Community and we trust it will not be the last. Well, who can tell what is more Avell than a well; well, time will tell how well a well will prove. One of the great necessities of the day is a well, which is now hourly attaining well proportions. Mr. William Dixon of Nunda is performing the work. This is the second attempt toward well making; the first one proved to be more of a gas well than a water one. At the depth of fifty feet gas was found in abundance. Mr. Dixon continued drilling till one hundred and one feet were reached with poor prospects of obtaining water. Another one was commenced last Friday; to-day fifty-five feet is recorded with absence of water. Mr. Cook of Nunda, a non-professional, located the water vein with a peach sprout. He is very positive that a flowing well will be found. We earnestly hope so, time and patience will soon prove its future well being. A light snow sprinkle last Thursday was the first reminder that old winter is nearing. Since then the days have been quite like summer. G. D. G.