Alfred, Me. Nov. 1891. It seems but a few days since I was writing 'Home Notes,' and still it is time for more. Rapidly the days are passing. Soon we shall all be where it is ever day and Home Notes not needed. Since last writing we have been blest with the privilege of meeting gospel friends from three of our Societies. Oct. 16th. Eldress Rosetta Hendrickson and Sister Eva Larkin of Watervliet called and stopped over the Sabbath. We enjoyed a beautiful meeting with them Sabbath P. M. The heavens seemed to come down to us and angels of light ministered unto us. . Many soul-inspiring testimonies were borne by faithful Brethren and Sis- ters; also many of the young renewed their determinations to be loyal to the cause. Just before the close of the service, Eldress Rosetta spoke very impressively to the young upon the subject of obedience. 'Strict obedience' said she, 'to our spiritual advisers and to our own conscience will insure perfect happiness and safety.' Though they tarried with us but a few days, we felt strengthened by their presence. Hope when business calls them this way again, they will not pass us by. Oct. 28th. we were again blest by meeting with two Sisters from East Canterbury, Sisters Eliza A. Stratton and Mabel Liscomb. We had hardly time to get acquainted and inquire after our Canterbury friends, their tarry was so short. Presume they believe in the saying, 'Short visits make long friends.' Think Br. Pliny Worcester of Sabbathday Lake must have been of the same mind, for he stopped with us hardly two days. Nevertheless we were pleased with that short visit from the worthy Brother and thank him (and all our gospel friends) for calling. Hope we may be privileged with other calls, when there is more time to spare. The apple crop proved to be much better than expected. 640 bushels have been gathered of grafted fruit. Of those made into cider for vinegar there is always a plenty. Our Brethren think I should have mentioned in last month's Notes, the hundred tons of corn ensilage that was raised on four acres. They think it was doing pretty well for 'away down east.' F. C.