Alfred, Me. Dec. 1891. It is the 13th. of December and no sign of winter yet. This year we can truly sing, '¦December is as pleasant as May.' The Brethren say there is no frost in the grass ground. The drouth, which has been a long one, has not ended yet. The water in the springs and wells is unusually low. Harvesting being over we can say no more of the goodness of God in that line, but we will never cease to feel thankful for our many spiritual blessings. It is easy to count up our temporal blessings as shown in our store-houses. But what do our spiritual store-houses contain? Is it not well, at the close of the year, to examine them, and see what the year has done for us? Our Elders often remind us that life is made up of such periods, and unless at the close of the year we can see that we are nearer that angelic condition to which we are aspiring, than when it commenced, it is a lost year to us, and can never be recalled. It shows that we failed to sow the good seed in spring-time, but instead have been cultivating the tares which so readily spring up in the unguarded heart. How sad! how very sad at the close of life to find we have 'nothing but leaves' to show for the time given us. On taking the census of our little Society we are pleased to find that we can count as many in the Society as when the 18 THE MANIFESTO. year came in, notwithstanding some changes and the loss of one who has gone to her spirit home. How I wish our houses could be filled with faithful souls, striving to become clean by a daily washing in the blood or life of the Lamb. We would count such a harvest as much more to be thankful for than any mere temporal harvest. Health of Society generally good. Beloved Ministry now with us, comforting the afflicted, blessing the strong and strengthening the weak. 'God bless our faithful Leaders who keep alive the altar fires in Zion, the sharp and quickening testimonies of eternal truth,' were expressions of our aged father, Hiram Tarbox, in our meeting last evening. Every earnest, honest soul will strive to bless Zion's Leaders. To all our gospel kindred far and near, we extend the kindly greeting, A prosperous New Year. F. C.