NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. November. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1890. 36.36 15-16 in. 12 in. 1891. 35.98 3 in. 1 in. Geo. M. W. Dec. 1891. Since so many are responding to the earnest invitation to send Home Notes, interesting brevity becomes us all: so I add my rose-leaf to the brimming glass knowing as of old, that it will not overflow. Since last writing our weathers here have changed; more clouds out and fewer in. Gentle and dashing rains have added to our water supply and still more would be beneficial. In our home, blessings have followed sacrifice, for our dear Eldress Ann is restored again to as good health as her advanced age will permit, and she is still among us, a ministering angel of love, blessing and peace. Sister Fannie Tyson, who removed from the North Family into the Church Family during the recent changes, is another of our home blessings, an exemplification of the beautiful fruits of the spirit; while our dear Eldress Dorothy, successor to Eldress Augusta, and our loved companion from early childhood, is a treasure. We have also many more in our home whose light is quietly yet steadily shining out over the sometimes troubled waters of life whose aid has guided us over many reefs and breakers, and with such strength have we not the hope to say A Happy New Year to all. A. J. C. South Family Nov. 1891. Deae Editok;—Not long since, the writer was privileged to call on our dear mother, Eldress Ann. While conversing with her, and noticing how quick were her perceptions, how bright her eyes and how alert her ears, at her advanced age THE MANIFESTO. If) and feeble bodily state; Tea, while drinking in her motherly words and beholding her Christ-like spirit, I thought,—Surely I am sometimes too silent in giving honor where honor is due. We love, deeply, our sainted mother, as has often been expressed. I think all who have known her as a Teacher in our gospel order have known her to love and bless her as a mother in Israel. While thinking of her blessed existence, of her beautiful character and her almost supernatural disposition, I was prompted to send you the little poem entitled, 'Too Late.' (See page 20.) I trust it will not be too late as others may find truth in it. I do not know the author, though for a long time I have prized the lesson it conveys. We see by the papers that ISfew York is making a move now in the right direction; if they can have plenty of water to drink to help on the work, we shall look for a better state of things in the future; the best thing we have heard lately is the Union move among the Ministers. God be praised! S. A. C. North Family Dec. 1891. 'O 'my kind, loving friends In the gospel so dear; Let us greet one another With a Happy New Year.' Yea, and I wish every body could have a happy new year: but alas! they will not. Why? because of selfishness and sin. Even though crops in some places have failed and the people by the million, as in Russia, are crying for bread, if it were not for greed, and the wrong system of things that prevails in the external order, those people would not cry long; one dispatch across the ocean would be enough to fire the hearts of those who had plenty and start the vessels laden with food to the hungry ones, if nations would all as brothers greet and each seek the good of all; but we have not got there yet; hence all will not have a happy new year. We had a very pleasant gathering at the Church Family on Thanksgiving day. All the young people, and somo older ones of the Church and Center families, recited, read and sang, very much to our entertainment. Sister Amelia Calver was the leader, and deserves great credit for the training of those young people, and the pupils showed a good deal of ability. It was held in the meeting room of the brick house, which was very appropriately decorated; nuts, candy and lemonade were served in profusion which made a feast to both the inner and outer senses. I thought what a profitable season we could have if every Society should turn their attention in that direction, in a centennial celebration. Are now engaged threshing. We find the use of the binder quite an advantage in threshing, the bundles being all of the same size, and no straw knots. The threshing machine can be fed very uniformly. Have had some very nice rains, and hope for more. Beautiful weather just now. Happy greetings to all. In kindest love, D. O. WestPittsfieldd, Mass. Dec. 1891. Deak Editor :—As the present year is nearing its close, perhaps it will not be amiss to recall some of its incidents. Our broad, fertile country has been wonderfully productive in the past season; the cereal crop has been large, and the various kinds of fruits have generally been plentiful. We have, like those in other localities been threatened with a water famine; but the long wished for rain finally appeared, and our fears have somewhat abated, but more rain is needed. Weather is remarkably line for this season of the year. Have had only one light snow fall and that quickly disappeared. The Old World seems to have met with a reverse in regard to food supplies, what may have been the cause of the failure is to us unknown. Some attribute it to their forms of government, but whatever may have been the cause, it is pleasant to contemplate that our country is blest with a surplus and can assist in providing sustenance for the starving millions of Europe. If) THE MANIFESTO. Rightly estimated it has with us been a year of prosperity and benefits. Sickness has prevailed to some extent in our communit ', and a few are still in an enfeebled condition. An occasional mishap has also occurred. A few days since, as Br. Oliver was driving in the city of Pittsfield two teams that were left standing untied became frightened and ran. One of them ran against the carriage in which Oliver was seated damaging the vehicle considerably, and causing him to be thrown over the dash-board upon the ground. He however with remarkable presence of mind retained his hold on the reins and escaped serious injury. Maj the coming New Year be a happy one to all our Dear Friends. J. L. S. Shaker Station, Conn. Dec. 1891. A Happy New Tear.—The happiest year of our lives. Let us welcome it with the brave purpose to be more true and virtuous, asking God's blessing on our efforts. May every one of its three hundred and sixty-five days bring to us some joy of service, some added blessing of gratitude from a fellow pilgrim guided heavenward by us. The service we render may seem to us to be small, but if the purpose be in our souls, there will come the blessing. So many souls need Christian help all over this broad land. Let us give of our gospel, strength, joy, affection and peace. Ah! this soul-wealth is just what we can give. We can spend it freely and not impoverish ourselves. May our hearts be full of symjiathy and our hands full of help. And as the new year offers us a time for growing better, let us see to it that our Christian kindness is in- exhaustible, and that we are liberal in using it. 2469 spaces of cream were sold in Nov. A large crop of corn and of good quality. Several buildings are improved by new shingling. The most important feature of poultrygrowing is the financial basis. We do not claim that there are millions in it for a single individual, but it is certain that properly managed, poultry raising is a paying business. To all, who faithfully attend to the needs of their hens, their efforts are crowned with success. A variety of food is necessary to secure eggs. No one ration will furnish all the needed elements. D. Orcutt Ayer, Mass. Dec. 1891. Deae Editor ;—It has been said, that a hero is one who in an emergency would do that which would be a shame for him not to do. Doing duty at any cost, is heroism. In judging of the acts of our friends let us accord to them the meed of true heroism, if faithful in duty. 'Hands at work and heart to God,' was the testimony of Mother Ann. This shows the necessity of gaining a gift for manual labor. 'Conviction, were it never so excellent, is worthless until it converts itself into conduct.'—Carlyle. Let each one improve the talent with which God has blest us. One faithfully improved is more acceptable than five neglected. In the days of Israel, all were not hewers of wood and drawers of water, each had a place to fill to make God's temple complete. Home duties are being done as fast as possible, and we are making preparation for winter. Thanksgiving afternoon was spent in adjusting the premises about home. A. D. B. Enfield, N. H. Dec. 1891. As the year draws near its end, without doubt the 'Happy New Tears' will be exchanged thicker and faster than the snow-flakes come down, if all are enjoying the serene, sunny weather we are having in our locality; so we will be satisfied with wishing one big Happy New Year for 1892, for all our brothers and sisters, at home and abroad, knowing just as well as we are permitted to know anything, THE MANIFESTO. 17 that some of the days will be hallowed with the sunshine of joy, and some shadowed by sorrow; yet, if it all brings a discipline on the unregenerate disposition, and carries us one step nearer the kingdom of heaven (within) what matter is it? We like the 'Notes from the Diary of Eldress Nancy Moore,' and hope she was a model in this line, so they may be long continued, for two reasons: First, that we may learn how our foremothers disposed of their precious time, and second, that those now forming habits may acquire this one, of keeping a daily record; system, even in small things, gives tone to character. If a diary cannot be procured, make one. 'Where there is a will there is always a way.' We know of those who made diaries more than one year, of brown paper, and they served a good purpose. If nothing worthy of note occurs through the day, then pencil a good thought or resolution, or quotation from some good author, and it will help to keep the 'soul on top' as one little one said in Sunday School. At least this is our experience, and it may be others have similar needs. What are we here for if not to aid each other in the little ways that daily opportunities afford; but few are born for great conquests; the mass must work in the lowly walks of life, and these are what keep the ship moving. A few weeks since we were standing in the door-way of one of the mammoth stores in Boston, waiting for a chance to run the gauntlet and take a horse car, when an elderly lady who was watching the surging crowd of humanity pass, said to us, 'Do see them rush on, and God knows the motive of every heart there.' She wras evidently a conscientious, thoughtful woman. We jot down this thought, as a profitable one for reflection the coming year. The spirit of God recognizes the motive that actuates each word and deed; no trouble about the outward issues, if the heart is pure and kind. We have not written much about home affairs this time, for we are all doing just the same as we were before, perhaps we should have said, a little better. E. B. East Canterbury, N. H Weather Record, for Nov. 1891.' Highest Temp, during the mo. 44 . Lowest ' ' ' ' 5. Mean ' ' ' ' 43.2 Total Precipitation Snowfall ' ' 1.16 in. ' 1 in. N. A. Briggs. Alfred, Me. Dec. 1891. It is the 13th. of December and no sign of winter yet. This year we can truly sing, '¦December is as pleasant as May.' The Brethren say there is no frost in the grass ground. The drouth, which has been a long one, has not ended yet. The water in the springs and wells is unusually low. Harvesting being over we can say no more of the goodness of God in that line, but we will never cease to feel thankful for our many spiritual blessings. It is easy to count up our temporal blessings as shown in our store-houses. But what do our spiritual store-houses contain? Is it not well, at the close of the year, to examine them, and see what the year has done for us? Our Elders often remind us that life is made up of such periods, and unless at the close of the year we can see that we are nearer that angelic condition to which we are aspiring, than when it commenced, it is a lost year to us, and can never be recalled. It shows that we failed to sow the good seed in spring-time, but instead have been cultivating the tares which so readily spring up in the unguarded heart. How sad! how very sad at the close of life to find we have 'nothing but leaves' to show for the time given us. On taking the census of our little Society we are pleased to find that we can count as many in the Society as when the 18 THE MANIFESTO. year came in, notwithstanding some changes and the loss of one who has gone to her spirit home. How I wish our houses could be filled with faithful souls, striving to become clean by a daily washing in the blood or life of the Lamb. We would count such a harvest as much more to be thankful for than any mere temporal harvest. Health of Society generally good. Beloved Ministry now with us, comforting the afflicted, blessing the strong and strengthening the weak. 'God bless our faithful Leaders who keep alive the altar fires in Zion, the sharp and quickening testimonies of eternal truth,' were expressions of our aged father, Hiram Tarbox, in our meeting last evening. Every earnest, honest soul will strive to bless Zion's Leaders. To all our gospel kindred far and near, we extend the kindly greeting, A prosperous New Year. F. C. Sabbathday Lake, Me. Dec. 1891. The pages of the New Year lie before us, every one of which is clean and white. Let the record that will be engraved upon each as we turn them from day to day be as clean and as white. There does not seem to be much that is new going on here now. The Sisters have lately been filling orders of their work for parties in Chicago, Buffalo and Washington D. C. We have also been sending Shaker Apple Sauce to the markets of Lewiston and Portland. Thus far the month of Dec. has in our state been very fine, much warmer than Nov. No snow on the ground and but very little rain. It has been interesting to us to read the notes in the Manifesto describing the weather in different localities. We anticipate ¦ the coming week, the pleasure of having our good Brother James Pinder of Alfred with us. The communion of worthy and tried souls always brings an increase of gospel love. Our dear Sister Mary Ella Douglas has returned from Alfred and is spending the winter months with us for the renewal of her health, which blessing we very much desire in her behalf. We close by wishing all our dear friends a Happy New Year. A. S. C. Sonyea, N. Y.. Dec. 1891. 'Tis time to remember Our notes for December, The last of the year ninety-one. The moments we're noting Away they are floating They scarcely arrive ere they're gone. ''Tis losing anil grasping, Our time so unlasting, The time no mortal can stay; Time's onward flowing, Forever 'tis going, 'Tis here, then away, far away. Fakm work, generally, seems to be advancing as effectually as is consistent with time and circumstances. We meet in the various conditions of life the class who believe in letting their moderation be known to all men, such a type of beings dot this planet from pole to pole. The wells drilled during the past montli are not finished. Well No. 1 contains sixty feet of water with an odor of gas every thing but agreeable. Well No. 2, records seventy-five feet of water with gas in abundance, (Groveland must be noted for its natural gas.) Mr. Dixon is in favor of shooting the wells with dynamite cartridg- es, arguing that this method will produce a greater and better flow of water. The wells will not in any case be flowing ones, as Mr. Cook was so sure they would be. It would be well for him to visit his flowing well. Plowing and soil preparing for another year's crops continues. Work of some kind must ever be the motto of the laboring community. One hundred and twenty-five acres are now in readiness for the growing of future fruit, a few more days will find a larger territory of newly turned soil. The summer days of December are just delightful, work indoors and out can be conducted with no concern for cold contracting, the tax on fuel and raiment is much lightened since the wonderful moderation in our winter weather. Perhaps the seasons are becoming mixed, a little of all in each. G. D. G.