West Pittsfield, Dec. 4, 1891 Beloved Elder Hexry :—The summer is past and the harvest ended. Now, if our souls are not saved whom can we blame? Surely, not our heavenly Father, who has so abundantly provided for all our needs, both spiritual and temporal; neither can we say, we lack the teaching, for even the dying year echoes the sound of kind words, instructive lessons and earnest solicitations which oft have been given by the teachers in our Zion home. Among these is our venerable father, Elder Albert Battles, having a countenance aglow with love, extend- ing the hand of Charity to the erring, and never, never tiring of giving counsel to those who need spiritual instruction. May the good Lord lend him to us for years to come, is the sincere prayer of each and all of his little flock. Now let us make a good use of the lessons we have learned. Strive to retire within our own souls and find the Christ there. Look to the Father, in faith, for whatever wre may want Simply believing that Jesus died on the cross to appease God's wrath, never did and never can save any one from present sin or sickness, and this doctrine was not what Jesus taught. There must be something more soul- searching than this ; a living touch ; an inspiring of our souls from the Divine Source of all good. We are to have faith in the Christ, believe that the Christ dwells within the soul that has been thoroughly cleansed by the gospel fire ; has power to save and to make whole ; aye, more, that it has made us whole, already. Did not the Teacher say, ''Whatsoever ye desire when ye pray, believe that ye receive and ye have it already?' This matter of trusting the Christ within to do all things for us, is not that which comes to any of us spontaneously ; it conies by persistent effort on our part. No habit bursts fullgrown into our lives, but every one comes from a succession of little acts. Now my dear young friends, let us enter the New Year with a firm resolve to make an effort for a greater baptism, a pentecostal baptism of the Holy Spirit and fire. This will destroy every element that hinders the Christ from entering the soul and filling us with his divine Spirit. All will please accept a New Year's greeting and true gospel love from Your Sister, Lois Wentworth