Philadelphia, 1891 Beloved Eldkess Marion:—We feel thankful for this opportunity to answer your kind letter. We feel doubly thankful to realize and sense the ever-progressing and increasing power, from that everflowing fountain, that quenches the thirst, and feeds the famishing soul, in this life of trials and tribulations. It enables us from true thankful hearts to say, Father and Mother, we are thankful for these 'blessings, and for the power of feeling, seeing and testing, that we be not deceived by those in the body or out; and thus made able to draw from that never failing fountain that keeps our souls aglow in love and duty and spiritual light; that guides Mother's children in this life, and points to the marvelous increase and progressive power which unfolds beauties for time and eternity. Dear Sister, knowing as we do your great interest with us in striving to spread our precious Gospel, whether we live to reap the fruit of our labors in this life it matters not to us, we ever feel the love and blessing of the dear fathers and mothers of our precious Zion Home. We have been over the river to a place called Pensaukin to fix the time for holding meetings and the lady said, The people are anxious to hear the gospel. She also called in her minister to converse with us, and he was deeply impressed with the truth, and drank in every word. He said, 'Some fourteen years ago while passing through Mt. Lebanon one Sabbath, we stopped to 22 THE MANIFESTO. rest our horses awhile, and we saw the meeting of the Shakers, but not one Shaker even turned his head to look at us, but all seemed so earnest, that we thought they must be the people of God. We heard some of the words spoken, and felt the power of the spirit at the time, and have loved them ever since.' It was Elder Frederic who was speaking, and when we gave him his name he was delighted. Brother William explained to him what he heard. He seemed surprised beyond measure and said he would attend our meeting to hear more about the 'Inner Court.' A friend said to us last Sabbath, 'You have a living, present power that we do not have and I must come to you for it.' May we not see clearly that God has a spiritual people on the earth. The way of the true cross-bearer is the road to salvation from sin, and in no other way. Our frequent communications to each other of the things given to us, helps the strong and strengthens the weak and adds fuel to the flame of love in the hearts of Brethren and Sisters, in our Zion Home, to those who care not for the things of the world, but for the constant unfolding of the gospel of Christ that is willing to be led withersoever He wills. We can write only a little at a time, but are thankful for that. If we are hindered, O praise the Lord, our love goes in advance. We know that you are here in spirit for we feel, sense and see you. We held our meeting and had a glorious time. People are anxious to hear the gospel. We will tell you more in our next. We send you our kindest love. Tour Sister, Rebecca Jackson