Correspondence Fredonia, N. Y. Brother Alonzo ;—I have shown the things you sent, to a few members of our church, hoping to draw from Uiem a hopeful forecast as to their reception. Such opinions as they have expressed to me, are given not with the fervor of souls hungering for truth but rather with the mind of the Greek, ready to hear or to tell of any new thing. Yet who can foresee how truth works ? It is not so much our business to observe how we succeed, as it is to proclaim the truth always ; first to persuade, and then to provoke others to receive it. Only so that we detract not from the truth, we may dress it in such language and parables as will attract the attention of our fellowmen. Plain, sincere and concise expression carries the day, on the platform or in the pulpit. Christianity, or the Shaker interpretation of it, may be presented as the only complete life insurance, in which souls realize immediate results upon immediate death to the carnal life. It is the last and only discovery of rapid transit from the place of business, of turmoil, dirt and weariness, to the home of rest, cleanliness and kinship, where strange feel- ings are not permitted to live. Shaker Christianity is not only the school of study, but it is the highest and best equipped University on this round globe. Not in mathematics, engineering or disputatious theology which this world makes so much of, but in the athletic training of a soul to restored health, and in all knowledge 7 THE MANIFESTO. pertaining to ourself and duties to God and our fellow-beings, it lacks nothing in equipment. Shaker thought is the telephonic and telegraphic means through which our Heavenly Father is quickening and enlightening the benumbed senses of seeing and hearing in his children. The systemizing of geology or chemistry or of knowledge in any other department of natural science, will not com- pare in utility and importance with the system of order displayed in a Christian Shaker life. It has no need of a prohibition party. Each soul is aided by every other soul to prohibit itself from all hurtful ways. Is it the eye that is past saving? It is plucked out by its possessor. Is the hand gangrened past recover}1 ? It is cut off by his consent. Is licentiousness his bane? He binds it to the daily cross till life is extinct. We rejoice that we are in the light of this Holy City which John saw coming down to us. Your brother, Henry Hollister This is the judgement age.... This is the Judgment age. Considerate people, those within and those without the churches, listen, to weigh, and to apply the tests of reason. None can remain the same that they were before, after hearing the truth of the spiritual life rationally presented. Through the word uttered by the messengers of Truth, faith has entered consciously or unconsciously and cannot be dislodged if any are so unwise as to wish it. The beginning of faith is like the least of all seeds, and in every heart open to the Source of all life and light, it will find nourishment and grow till ripe for the harvester ; Therefore let us continue to sow in faith and courage, knowing that the harvest will be sure in its season. 'How canst thou claim the harvest, If thou hast not sown the seed, Or think the blessing will be thine, In thy hour of need?' Alonzo