The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. Dec. Contents. Treatment of the Sick; Chronicles of Ruth; Dress Reform; Anti-Vaccination; Physical Culture, etc., etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co., Kokomo, Ind. In the December Phrenological we find Sir Edwin Arnold on the first page. A very well written article on Ideality and Imitation comes from a careful thinker. How the old Chaldeans buried themselves is illustrated freely and suggests an improvement on the common practice among us moderns. Baron Hirsch, the millionaire philanthropist, is sketched very appropriately when so much is heard of Jew persecution. The editor evidently thinks it is time that Jerusalem was reoccupied by the sons of Israel. A very full and interesting report of the late Banquet of the Phrenological Institute Alumni occupies a dozen or more pages. This will be appreciated highly by the regular reader. As it includes addresses by the Rev. Dr. Deems, Dr. H. C. Houghton, Mr. G. G. Rockwood and several others. The services that were rendered to phrenological science by the late Andrew Boardman, well known as a jurist in New York are detailed entertainingly. Dr. Boardman was a man who should not be forgotten soon. The departments of Health and Child Culture are rilled with good things, and so also are Editorial, Correspondents and Book Sections. The clqsing number of the year, is uncommonly large and packed with such interesting substance that every subscriber will doubtless thipk or say more emphatically than ever 'Must have the Phrenological for another year.' It is published at a price placing it within the reach of all, only $1.50 a year or 15 cents a number. Now is the time to subscribe. Address the publishers, Fowler and Wells, 777 Broadway, New York. DICKENS'S DAUGHTER. The Great Novelist's Favorite 'Mamie' to write of Her Father, Pretty 'Mamie' Dickens was already considered by those who knew Charles Dickens best to be his favorite daughter. To none of his children, perhaps, was Dickens more affectionately attached, and the 'Pet daughter' saw much of her father under all circumstances. When even the dogs were chased out of the novelist's study, Mamie was allowed to stay. The daughter is now a full-grown woman, living quietly just outside of London. For the first time since her father's death, Miss Dickens has been persuaded to write of him whom she knew so well. During 1802 there will be published in The Ladies' Home Journal, of Philadelphia, a series of articles by Miss Dickens under the attractive title of 'My Father as I Recall Him.' Fortunately for the thou- sands who will read what she writes in this series, Miss Dickens has a retentive memory, and she made copious notes during her father's lifetime. She will tell in this series everything she remembers of her father; how he educated his children; his family life and his personal habits; how he wrote his famous books; his love of flowers and animals; how Christmas was spent in the Dickens household; how the novelist played with his children; the famous people who came to the Dickens home, and his last years and closing days. No articles ever published have in them so much promise of telling the world things which it has never known of Dickens, and Miss Dickens's story of her father's life will be eagerly looked for in thousands of homes where the name of Dickens is like a household word. Hall's Journal of Health. Dec. Contents; Habits of Eating; The waste of the Household; Oatmeal as a Food; Overstrung Nerves; Food for Dyspeptics; Celery; The Medicinal value of Onions; An Insect worth Millions; A Hint on Economy; Cleaning Windows and Paint; Contagious Diseases; Care of Clothing, etc.,. etc. Office 34 WTest 59th St. New York.