Pleasant Hill, Ky. Nov. 1891. The swift flying hours remind us of the passage of time, and now that Thanksgiving has passed, we will soon celebrate Christmas. We had our society meeting at 9.30 A. M. which was well attended. After singing a hymn, our Elder, in a brief dis- course, touched upon the day, as it was a National one, and also that we should give thanks every day, and especially at this time; others of the Brethren and Sisters responded to the thanksgiving sentiment, and a good feeling of harmony seemed to pervade throughout. We have indeed been blest in 'our basket and store-house,' also with good health, and reasonable prosperity; we have good Brethren and Sisters, and should, each one, pray that the same blessing that we are enjoying, may be accorded us in the future, and that we may be able to make each other's path brighter, and their burdens lighter. May we ever be able to say with the poet,— 'Teach me to feel another's woe, To hide the faults I see, That mercy, I, to others show That mercy show to me.' Our Brethren have secured a fine crop of corn, also an extra crop of Irish potatoes, with plenty of wheat and other cereals. The West Family are actively engaged in the manufacture of 'staveless wooden ware,' and it is thought it will be a source of revenue. We trust they may find it a successful enterprise, as what is profitable in one part of Zion, should be the interest of all. This will promote union and that is what we desire. Our Sunday School, has about forty-five members, and we trust the seed sown in that part of the vineyard, may spring up and yield a hundred-fold. We keep trying and leave the rest with our Father, and look to the future for results. As the 'Yule-tide' approaches we feel glad and rejoice that our lives have been spared, whilst many have been called into eterni- ty. We think too of the angels that sang,—'Peace on earth, Good-will to man.' Our hearts overflow with gratitude, that we in our peaceful homes, may worship at the shrine of the meek and lowly Jesus, and follow his example. Let us remember those for whom the Christmas holidays bring no joy, no happiness, and let us at this time bless one another and keep 'the prize of the high calling of Jesus Christ' before us. Wishing the Manifesto, and its readers a 'Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year,' and our prayers for its success as a missionary, we bid you adieu.