NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. November. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1890. 36.36 15-16 in. 12 in. 1891. 35.98 3 in. 1 in. Geo. M. W. Dec. 1891. Since so many are responding to the earnest invitation to send Home Notes, interesting brevity becomes us all: so I add my rose-leaf to the brimming glass knowing as of old, that it will not overflow. Since last writing our weathers here have changed; more clouds out and fewer in. Gentle and dashing rains have added to our water supply and still more would be beneficial. In our home, blessings have followed sacrifice, for our dear Eldress Ann is restored again to as good health as her advanced age will permit, and she is still among us, a ministering angel of love, blessing and peace. Sister Fannie Tyson, who removed from the North Family into the Church Family during the recent changes, is another of our home blessings, an exemplification of the beautiful fruits of the spirit; while our dear Eldress Dorothy, successor to Eldress Augusta, and our loved companion from early childhood, is a treasure. We have also many more in our home whose light is quietly yet steadily shining out over the sometimes troubled waters of life whose aid has guided us over many reefs and breakers, and with such strength have we not the hope to say A Happy New Year to all. A. J. C. South Family Nov. 1891. Deae Editok;—Not long since, the writer was privileged to call on our dear mother, Eldress Ann. While conversing with her, and noticing how quick were her perceptions, how bright her eyes and how alert her ears, at her advanced age THE MANIFESTO. If) and feeble bodily state; Tea, while drinking in her motherly words and beholding her Christ-like spirit, I thought,—Surely I am sometimes too silent in giving honor where honor is due. We love, deeply, our sainted mother, as has often been expressed. I think all who have known her as a Teacher in our gospel order have known her to love and bless her as a mother in Israel. While thinking of her blessed existence, of her beautiful character and her almost supernatural disposition, I was prompted to send you the little poem entitled, 'Too Late.' (See page 20.) I trust it will not be too late as others may find truth in it. I do not know the author, though for a long time I have prized the lesson it conveys. We see by the papers that ISfew York is making a move now in the right direction; if they can have plenty of water to drink to help on the work, we shall look for a better state of things in the future; the best thing we have heard lately is the Union move among the Ministers. God be praised! S. A. C.