SEVEN BAPTISMS. A Visionary Dream Catherine Allen I was standing with a company of young Brethren and Sisters by the entrance of a magnificent white temple. Near us were Elders who beckoned \is to follow them. They called in sweet and pleading tones:—'Come to the Baptism ! Come and fear not; 'tis the love of God that calls you.' We ascended the steps. At our approach the door of the vestibule swung open by some invisible power. Entering, we found basins in which water was upspringing, fountain-like. Here, as little children we were taught how to wash our hands. While doing this, we heard uttered as from a voice in the air:—'Yea wash thy hands in innocency before thou canst handle the Word of Life, or compass the altars of the Lord.' This done, other doors were opened where we found a flowing stream, and there, were shown that before we could enter further into the sanctuary, we must wash our feet from the dust of earthliness, which had clung to us while treading unhallowed ways. Other doors were then opened to a more spacious apartment, where we indistinctly saw many things of which we knew not the meaning, and also heard deep and earnest tones, but 5 the manifesto. could not understand what was beingspoken. Perceiving our confusion, the Elders said :—'Having eyes ye see not the glory of the Lord, and ears ye hear not the power of his word ; for ye have lent your eyes to behold the vanity and foolishness of this world, and ye have given your ears to hear, and your lips to speak of those things which savor not of the truth, nor of life everlasting. These must be cleansed from all ungodliness.' Then there came upon our faces a beautiful shining spray which seemed to penetrate to our memories, and bring forth as living objects, those things conceived by sight or hoaring, that had taken shape in the mind. This form of baptism was not accomplished in a moment, and it re- quired true courage to endure its continuance, because of the mortification it brought, as one object after another came to our view. The Elders who stood by us with sustaining strength, rejoiced with us to see them borne away by the flowing tide. We pledged ourselves to turn forever away from all forms of worldliness; to handle no unclean thing ; to walk only in paths of purity;—to behold not, speak nor hear, of any thing shapen in iniquity ;—henceforth to serve God with our whole being. We were then shown that to serve God acceptably, the gift of hand-labor must be sanctified by another form of baptism. Moving forward a few paces there descended bright and powerful jets of water upon our shoulders. We were told that in the shoulders were united the muscles principally used in labor;—there must rest the yoke of Christ, if now we would bear the burden of the Lord ; and this baptism was to cleanse us from all ambitious strivings, and self-centered motives, that had hitherto neld more or less sway in prompting us to action. Leading us still on, our Elders said ; —'Now ye may enter the House of Prayer.' Curtains being drawn aside disclosed an altar, beneath which issued a stream that divided and coursed in semi-circular form, thus completing a circle around the apartment. To approach the altar we must walk upon our knees through this stream. We were instructed that this was to purify our devotions ;—that even in them had been mingled worldly elements ;—selfish desires and errors of thought, with unmeaning forms which we had received from those not illumined from the higher, resurrection spheres. As we advanced, the waters deepened and flowed with increasing power and we heard a voice saying ;—'Arise ! plant your feet upon the rock, bend beneath the tide, wash, and wash again till your whole being is cleansed and your garments are sinless and spotless.' Here our Elders stood with us, and in their firm and loving grasp, held us till the work was done, (as we thought,) for wre supposed wre were then fully cleansed. Ascending we formed in circle around the altar, and spontaneously united in a song of rejoicing and praise, for the peace, liberty and sweet refreshing we had found. Again we heard the voice calling us to another baptism. We were told that all our washings thus far had been comparatively outward, and only reached effects. As yet we knew not of that deeper baptism of 'fire and the 6 THE MANIFESTO. Hoi}7 Spirit,' which alone could pen- etrate with sanctifying power our inner life, whence spring all the motives and impulses that prompt to action. TutU this weie received, we would be liable to repeat the errors of the past, and could not be born into the Kingdom of God. All knelt, and as we silently breathed forth soul-petitions, the heavens seemed to open. Above our circle, we beheld one of glorified spirits, robed in gleaming vestments. We could not see their countenances, so bright was the aureola surrounding them, and still stronger the central light above them, whence descended upon us a radiant shower. It was neither fire nor water, but as kindled drops ;—a penetrating fluid which left unconsumed only the pure and the true. While receiving this baptism, from the inner spheres there burst upon us a rapturous song of melody, and we felt as if transported above earth; its brightest glories seemed only as dust. Every earthly desire had perished, and the holy purpose of living only for the truth, now fully possessed our being. We had received seven successive baptisms. First, of hands. Second, of feet. Third, of the vision, hearing and utterance. Fourth, of the shoulders, (manual labor.) Fifth, of the knees, (spiritual devotions.) Sixth, the full water baptism and cleansing of garments. Seventh, one of 'fire and the Holy Spirit,' purifying the inner life. The feelings realized, and the strong impressions retained, are of that deep spiritual nature which words can but feebly convey. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.