THE KENTUCKY REVIVAL By Richard M'Nemar OF Union Village, Ohio. Published in Albany, N. Y., in 1808. No. 13. A Letter written to Richard M'Nemar. My Dear Bkothek Richard :—I never longed to see any person so much. If I was not confined in this clay tabernacle I should be with you in less than an hour. The floods of earth and hell are let loose against us, and me in particular. I am seriously threatened with imprisonment, and stripes I expect to receive for the testimony of Jesus. Kentucky is turning upside down. The truth pervades in spite of man. Cumberland is sharing the same fate. The young preachers, some of them, will preach Jesus without the covering put on him by the fathers. The scribes, the disputers of this world are gnashing upon us. Brother Matthew Houston has clean escaped the pollutions of this world, and he and his people are going on to perfect holiness in the fear of God. A few more will soon follow. Come over and help us, is the cry made to us from every part. Brother Purviance is gone to Carolina to preach the gospel, by the request of some there. In a few weeks I start to fulfill a long daily string of appointments to Cumberland; by request I go. I have appointed two communions among many Christians on the heads of Little and Big Barrens. Brother Dooley is among the Cherokees again. His last rout there was successful; some poor Indians received the gospel. He was solicited to return. He is truly an Apostle of the Gentiles. Some few are getting religion among us. What shall I say ? I know not: my heart grieves within me. Certain men from afar whom you know, inject ter- ror and doubt into many; and now religion begins to lament in the dust among us. Some, as I suppose, will cast away the ordinances of Baptism, and the Lord's Supper, but not many as yet. Most dear Brother, inform me what you think of these men among us and you, from a distant region. Thank God he gave me his word. Letters show the substance and faith eats it. We all want to meet with you shortly ; but by reason of my absence THE MANIFESTO. to Cumberland, Brother Purviance to North Carolina, Brother Houston in Madison, we cannot meet on TurtleCreek, nor sooner than third Sabbath in June, and that in Kentucky. Brothers Marshal and Houston parted from us yesterday. We administered the Lord's' Supper at Caneridge the day before; many communicants; much exercise. I am pushed for time to write to you. We have five students of the Bible, all but one know the languages, full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, just ready to preach. They all fled from the Presbyterians, to their grief, pain and hurt. Brother Stockwell exceeds expectation, and is beloved and useful. Our Apology is yet living and working, and tearing down Babylon in Virginia. It was reprinted there to the great injury of Presbyteriaiiism. It is also reprinted in Georgia. We are just publishing a short tract on Atonement, I will send you one. This truth has unhinged the brazen gates already. I am hurried. Pray for me. Farewell. B. W. STONE. Great prospects were presented according to the above letter, on the part of the revival; the truth pervading and turning the whole country upside down. The Macedonian cry sounding from every part. The Apology and tract on Atonement, tearing down Babylon, or unhinging her brazen gates. Some, full of the Holy Spirit, just ready to preach, and one among them all who had escaped the polhitions of the world, and was going on to perfect holiness. But all this appeared unspeakably short of the glad tidings brought by the Brethren fr om New Lebanon, provided that what they testified concerning the church was true. It was well enough for those .who were in Babylon to cry for help, and for such as were appointed to the work, to tear her down and unhinge the brazen gates ; but something bej'ond this must be taken into the account. We have news of a Zion, and what if her foundations are already laid. May it be that God has sent down the New Jerusalem for the refuge of souls, before he began to tear down the old buildings ? The Lebanon Brethren paid their first visit to Matthew Houston. Perhaps he has believed and taken up his cross. How else can he have escaped the pollutions of the world? They have also been with Br. Stone, and opened the testimony there in part: perhaps he has taken hold of it, and means to make a final push for the kingdom through stripes and imprisonment. Or have these students of the Bible learned to appropriate Scripture phrases to false and inferior objects. Br. Stone and others may have received the name, Holy Spirit out of the Bible, but the thing must certainly dwell in the church. Admitting that they are blazing full of the spirit, burning and shining lights, this goes no further than John the Baptist, it is far short of the kingdom of God. Those Brethren from the East tell us that their people have got the kingdom, that they have attained it, by taking up the cross, and doing the works of Christ, and overcoming sin by faithful and diligent combat, that they are of God and do not commit 2 THE MANIFESTO. sin; but walk even as Christ walked, and are righteous even as he is righteous. He that committeth sin, whatever his profession or gifts may be, he is yet of the devil. These things inject terror and doubt into many. John was full of the Holy Spirit, and for his testimony concerning Jesus, he was actually cast into prison, full of terror and doubt, whether this was he that should come or whether he should look for some other. In fine, I could see nothing in the past work as a foundation to build upon. And what these strange Brethren testified, appeared plain Scriptural truth, and presented a way entirely safe for those who were able to receive it, and whether they were the people or not, who had actually attained this salvation, it was very evident they were far before us in light and understanding concerning the way; and it was no doubt the will of God, that those who desired to be saved should walk in it. Thus in the midst of reasonings, doubtful disputations, and close examinations, the testimony was in- vestigated at Turtle-Creek publicly and from house to house until it obtained the full credit of a number who had been leading characters in the revival. Malcham Worley was the first who embraced it, opened his mind and took up his cross. With this I confess I was at first staggered, from a deeprooted prejudice that I had imbibed against some of his peculiar sentiments ; but finally concluded that if Malcham had been more wild in his former exercises than the rest, he certainly needed salvation the more; besides it appeared that his conflicts with the man of sin, the son of perdition as he expressed it must shortly have terminated his existence upon earth,* had not his expected deliverer come out of Zion to turn away ungodliness from Jacob. But I wTas not a little surprised, that these strange Brethren should come directly there, and he receive them with such, cordiality, when I was well assured that no previous acquaintance had existed between them. This, with many other singular circumstances that occurred, restrained me from attempting to judge the nvysterious work of God's spirit, but rather labor to get a deeper and more practical acquaintance with it. Soon after Malcham set out in the narrowway, he was followed by a number, so that within three or four weeks from the first opening of the testimony, it, had pervaded ten or twelve families. And from that period continued grad- ually to increase, and at Turtle-Creek * It was necessary that a work which promised redemption from sin, should include a perfect revelation of the whole root and foundation of it. And as tn:e subject of this revelation, God made choice of Malcham Worley; who, notwithstanding he was a man of unspotted character, of an independent fortune, and a liberal education; yet neither his learning, his estate, nor his good name, could have saved him from total distraction, and the wildest convulsions of despair, when he came to behold in the open light of divine revelation, the whole depth of human depravity. Nothing but the miraculous power of God, could have supported him through such a scene, and kept him alive in the cheerful hope of deliverance, amidst the violent conflicts of an inbred nature, and the outward rage of blind and superstitious professors. 3 THE MANIFESTO. the number of families which now stand in the faith of Christ's Second Appearance, may be stated between thirty and forty. I shall now consider the entrance and progress of the testimony more particularly, as it respects the individual who receives it. The first point of faith in relation to the testimony, is to believe that he who bears if is a true messenger and witness of Christ, in whom the spirit of truth continually abides ; and that whatever instruction, reproof or counsel is ministered by such, it comes from Christ, who speaketh in him. Therefore all who are taught in this manner are strictly and properly taught of God, and in obeying what they are taught they yield obedience to Christ. Upon this ground the believer has to make a final settlement with an old systematic idea, that the spirit of God speaketh invariably in the Scriptures. Upon an impartial examination he finds that all the contradictory spirits among the professors of Christianity, speak in the Scriptures, even the devil himself; so that the Scriptures are as liable to be spoken by an evil spirit as the good. It then remains to follow that spirit which goes contrary to sin, and manifests its purity by its fruit, according to the Scriptures, and the inward test of conscience. This is the spirit of Christ, and it sets them immediately to work to do the righteous will of God. And first of all to confess before God what they have done contrary to his will and the light of their own conscience. In this work, the honest Believer might as well try td cover or conceal the most chafing mote in his eye, as try to hide or conceal any thing which he has committed, contrary to the pure doctrine of the Scriptures, and the example of Jesus Christ, of which he stands convicted by the witness of the spirit in his own conscience. Here he has to combat the spirits of wicked men, who pretend to speak in the Scriptures, and say that it is idolatry to confess sin in the presence of man, and that God is to be found anywhere, in the fields, on the hills or un- der the green trees, and there we ought to make our confession in secret. By following the spirit of truth, he overcomes this wild pagan error, and discovers, that according to the Scriptures, God never accepted a confession of sin, which was not either made to those whom he had set in order in the church, or at least with the face toward that temple which was typical of his last habitation, man. But the greatest evidence the true Believer receives of this being the order and institution of heaven, is the divine light which he receives m consequence. Light by which sin appears more than ever hateful, and by which he is inspired with a growing zeal to roll out of his heart and practice the last remains of it; and by which he discovers with increasing brightness the succeeding footsteps of true gospel obedience. To the' sense of those who iu the faith of Christ, have cleared their con- science from the deep-rooted stains of sin, and received his spirit as their ruling principle of life, sin is so exceeding sinful, so hateful and pernicious that I am bold to say they cannot commit it. He that is begotten with the divine nature of the Son of God, 4 THE MANIFESTO. keepeth himself in the element and works of that nature ; so that he can no more commit sin than a fish can fly through the air, or an eagle dive to the bottom of the sea. But that abiding fervor and power of spirit which overcomes every motion of evil, belongs not to the entrance of the testimony, but a degree of progress in it. This degree all must attain who come into it, or fall off as withered branches for there remains no more room for either imputing their sins to Christ, or to a deceitful heart, or anything else by which they can be excused; but the soul that sinneth must bear its own iniquity, and burn under it without any mitigation or covering. (to be continued.)