Enfield, N. H. Dec. 1891. As the year draws near its end, without doubt the 'Happy New Tears' will be exchanged thicker and faster than the snow-flakes come down, if all are enjoying the serene, sunny weather we are having in our locality; so we will be satisfied with wishing one big Happy New Year for 1892, for all our brothers and sisters, at home and abroad, knowing just as well as we are permitted to know anything, THE MANIFESTO. 17 that some of the days will be hallowed with the sunshine of joy, and some shadowed by sorrow; yet, if it all brings a discipline on the unregenerate disposition, and carries us one step nearer the kingdom of heaven (within) what matter is it? We like the 'Notes from the Diary of Eldress Nancy Moore,' and hope she was a model in this line, so they may be long continued, for two reasons: First, that we may learn how our foremothers disposed of their precious time, and second, that those now forming habits may acquire this one, of keeping a daily record; system, even in small things, gives tone to character. If a diary cannot be procured, make one. 'Where there is a will there is always a way.' We know of those who made diaries more than one year, of brown paper, and they served a good purpose. If nothing worthy of note occurs through the day, then pencil a good thought or resolution, or quotation from some good author, and it will help to keep the 'soul on top' as one little one said in Sunday School. At least this is our experience, and it may be others have similar needs. What are we here for if not to aid each other in the little ways that daily opportunities afford; but few are born for great conquests; the mass must work in the lowly walks of life, and these are what keep the ship moving. A few weeks since we were standing in the door-way of one of the mammoth stores in Boston, waiting for a chance to run the gauntlet and take a horse car, when an elderly lady who was watching the surging crowd of humanity pass, said to us, 'Do see them rush on, and God knows the motive of every heart there.' She wras evidently a conscientious, thoughtful woman. We jot down this thought, as a profitable one for reflection the coming year. The spirit of God recognizes the motive that actuates each word and deed; no trouble about the outward issues, if the heart is pure and kind. We have not written much about home affairs this time, for we are all doing just the same as we were before, perhaps we should have said, a little better. E. B.