THE GLAD NEW YEAR With this initial number we are pleasantly introduced to the opening of a new volume of the Manifesto. Since the beginning of the last year to which we now bid a long and lov- ing adieu, the days, weeks and months have flitted away as on the swift wings of the wind, and brought us safely to the place of new thoughts, new resolves and new aspirations. With these beautiful treasures we are making some choice, welcome gifts for all our many dear friends, through hope for unbounded peace and prosperity to dwell in their hearts and homes, during the incoming auspicious year. Abundant blessings have been with us during the past twelve months which have far more than compensated for all the time and care that has been expended in obtaining them. God's protective Providence has signally held us, unharmed, through all the many perils that may have transpired. All have reason to give thanks and rejoice, while they open their souls to accept a deeper and holier inspiration and a more resolute determination to walk in Wisdom's ways of pleasantness, and in her paths of peace, The Manifesto accepts a liberal share in all these good and choice gifts, and while returning thanks that abounds so fully in the heart, for all who have, even in the least degree, either by writing or speaking, contributed to the success of our little paper, would kindly solicit a continued remembrance for the present and the many days yet to come. It is the living word that is to accomplish the good and saving result. Without this word of God and the inspiring influence which accompanies it on its mission among men, there would be but little chance to circulate our voice of truth and gospel experience beyond the borders of our own home. The acceptance and the disburse THE MANIFESTO. 13 merit of this gospel testimony is, agreeably to our Christian faith, quite necessary for the salvation of the soul. It is God's great gift of knowledge to those who are the children of the spiritual resurrection, and without knowledge, or for the want of this special truth through God's love, the people may perish. Above all other classes, a Christian Community should be zealously active in presenting that light which God has vouchsafed to their charge, before those who may have been less fortunate. It is not through an}7 special merit on our part that we have become heirs to these heavenly treasures, in preference to others, but God's free gift of love through the kindness of his accepted sons and daughters has reached us, and to-day we inherit the multiplied blessings which others have earned through faithfulness to the cross of Christ. To consume these treasures without making every effort possible for the accumulation of more, and insure the temporal and spiritual prosperity of our gospel home, would make of us, in very deed, a class of unprofitable servants in the Lord's vinevard. OUT &amp; IN, 'La Grippe' entered the Printing Office, and hence the enforced di'lny of the January number.