NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. November. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1890. 36.36 15-16 in. 12 in. 1891. 35.98 3 in. 1 in. Geo. M. W. Dec. 1891. Since so many are responding to the earnest invitation to send Home Notes, interesting brevity becomes us all: so I add my rose-leaf to the brimming glass knowing as of old, that it will not overflow. Since last writing our weathers here have changed; more clouds out and fewer in. Gentle and dashing rains have added to our water supply and still more would be beneficial. In our home, blessings have followed sacrifice, for our dear Eldress Ann is restored again to as good health as her advanced age will permit, and she is still among us, a ministering angel of love, blessing and peace. Sister Fannie Tyson, who removed from the North Family into the Church Family during the recent changes, is another of our home blessings, an exemplification of the beautiful fruits of the spirit; while our dear Eldress Dorothy, successor to Eldress Augusta, and our loved companion from early childhood, is a treasure. We have also many more in our home whose light is quietly yet steadily shining out over the sometimes troubled waters of life whose aid has guided us over many reefs and breakers, and with such strength have we not the hope to say A Happy New Year to all. A. J. C. South Family Nov. 1891. Deae Editok;—Not long since, the writer was privileged to call on our dear mother, Eldress Ann. While conversing with her, and noticing how quick were her perceptions, how bright her eyes and how alert her ears, at her advanced age THE MANIFESTO. If) and feeble bodily state; Tea, while drinking in her motherly words and beholding her Christ-like spirit, I thought,—Surely I am sometimes too silent in giving honor where honor is due. We love, deeply, our sainted mother, as has often been expressed. I think all who have known her as a Teacher in our gospel order have known her to love and bless her as a mother in Israel. While thinking of her blessed existence, of her beautiful character and her almost supernatural disposition, I was prompted to send you the little poem entitled, 'Too Late.' (See page 20.) I trust it will not be too late as others may find truth in it. I do not know the author, though for a long time I have prized the lesson it conveys. We see by the papers that ISfew York is making a move now in the right direction; if they can have plenty of water to drink to help on the work, we shall look for a better state of things in the future; the best thing we have heard lately is the Union move among the Ministers. God be praised! S. A. C. North Family Dec. 1891. 'O 'my kind, loving friends In the gospel so dear; Let us greet one another With a Happy New Year.' Yea, and I wish every body could have a happy new year: but alas! they will not. Why? because of selfishness and sin. Even though crops in some places have failed and the people by the million, as in Russia, are crying for bread, if it were not for greed, and the wrong system of things that prevails in the external order, those people would not cry long; one dispatch across the ocean would be enough to fire the hearts of those who had plenty and start the vessels laden with food to the hungry ones, if nations would all as brothers greet and each seek the good of all; but we have not got there yet; hence all will not have a happy new year. We had a very pleasant gathering at the Church Family on Thanksgiving day. All the young people, and somo older ones of the Church and Center families, recited, read and sang, very much to our entertainment. Sister Amelia Calver was the leader, and deserves great credit for the training of those young people, and the pupils showed a good deal of ability. It was held in the meeting room of the brick house, which was very appropriately decorated; nuts, candy and lemonade were served in profusion which made a feast to both the inner and outer senses. I thought what a profitable season we could have if every Society should turn their attention in that direction, in a centennial celebration. Are now engaged threshing. We find the use of the binder quite an advantage in threshing, the bundles being all of the same size, and no straw knots. The threshing machine can be fed very uniformly. Have had some very nice rains, and hope for more. Beautiful weather just now. Happy greetings to all. In kindest love, D. O. WestPittsfieldd, Mass. Dec. 1891. Deak Editor :—As the present year is nearing its close, perhaps it will not be amiss to recall some of its incidents. Our broad, fertile country has been wonderfully productive in the past season; the cereal crop has been large, and the various kinds of fruits have generally been plentiful. We have, like those in other localities been threatened with a water famine; but the long wished for rain finally appeared, and our fears have somewhat abated, but more rain is needed. Weather is remarkably line for this season of the year. Have had only one light snow fall and that quickly disappeared. The Old World seems to have met with a reverse in regard to food supplies, what may have been the cause of the failure is to us unknown. Some attribute it to their forms of government, but whatever may have been the cause, it is pleasant to contemplate that our country is blest with a surplus and can assist in providing sustenance for the starving millions of Europe. If) THE MANIFESTO. Rightly estimated it has with us been a year of prosperity and benefits. Sickness has prevailed to some extent in our communit ', and a few are still in an enfeebled condition. An occasional mishap has also occurred. A few days since, as Br. Oliver was driving in the city of Pittsfield two teams that were left standing untied became frightened and ran. One of them ran against the carriage in which Oliver was seated damaging the vehicle considerably, and causing him to be thrown over the dash-board upon the ground. He however with remarkable presence of mind retained his hold on the reins and escaped serious injury. Maj the coming New Year be a happy one to all our Dear Friends. J. L. S. Shaker Station, Conn. Dec. 1891. A Happy New Tear.—The happiest year of our lives. Let us welcome it with the brave purpose to be more true and virtuous, asking God's blessing on our efforts. May every one of its three hundred and sixty-five days bring to us some joy of service, some added blessing of gratitude from a fellow pilgrim guided heavenward by us. The service we render may seem to us to be small, but if the purpose be in our souls, there will come the blessing. So many souls need Christian help all over this broad land. Let us give of our gospel, strength, joy, affection and peace. Ah! this soul-wealth is just what we can give. We can spend it freely and not impoverish ourselves. May our hearts be full of symjiathy and our hands full of help. And as the new year offers us a time for growing better, let us see to it that our Christian kindness is in- exhaustible, and that we are liberal in using it. 2469 spaces of cream were sold in Nov. A large crop of corn and of good quality. Several buildings are improved by new shingling. The most important feature of poultrygrowing is the financial basis. We do not claim that there are millions in it for a single individual, but it is certain that properly managed, poultry raising is a paying business. To all, who faithfully attend to the needs of their hens, their efforts are crowned with success. A variety of food is necessary to secure eggs. No one ration will furnish all the needed elements. D. Orcutt