IN MEMORY OF ELDRESS KATIE FERGUSON Orrin Beaver Oub souls are filled with sorrow, as we chronicle the very sudden departure of our well-beloved Eldress from the shores of mortality, to don the shining robes of purity and holiness in the beautiful home of the angels, on the evergreen shore. During an acquaintance of nearly thirty years with our deceased Sister, I had learned to love her as a true, devoted mother in Israel, for such she ever proved to be to me, as well as to all her surrounding Brethren and Sisters. True to her highest convictions of Christian duty and right, she labored hard at all times with every faculty of soul and body she possessed, to sustain the glorious cause of gospel principle and virtue, as exemplified in the life of a true Believer. Kind, loving and affectionate to all of God's creatures with whom she came in daily contact, even the poor dumb animals seemed to realize this in a great degree, while in her presence. In all my long acquaintance with her no one, whether friend or foe, who came to her in want or suffering of any kind, was sent away uncared fsr, if she had it in her power to assist them in any degree. Honest and square in all her dealings with others, I have had many not of our order say to me they had rather trade with Eldress Katie than almost any one they ever dealt with, as they always found her fair and honorable in all her dealings even to the last penny. Possessed of the noblest patience and forbearance, even under most trying circumstances, I have often seen her when assailed by harsh and bitter words spoken perhaps in the heat of passion, stand calm and firm as a rock till the angry storm passed by; then she would effect a reconciliation if possible and if she proved to be at fault in the matter, was ever ready to acknowledge it when convinced of the fact. She often remarked that she had not an unkind feeling toward the least 14 THE MANIFESTO. child of the infinite Father, but loved and wished them all well. What more, clear Brethren and Sisters can any of us do than this? I feel that in this respect our Sister has set us a beautiful model, which we cannot imitate too closely. One little circumstance that occurred just before she left the form, I will here relate. About two days before the decease of Brother James Langridge, on Sunday morning I think, she came into the room where James and I were and asked how he was, and on my replying that he seemed to be slowly sinking, she said she had a singular vision just before she awoke and thought he could not last long. She thought she met Br. George Price in spirit-life and he showed her his residence there, also another mansion, the most beautiful one she ever saw in her life, full of the most gorgeous colors and on his asking her how she liked them, she replied, 'Oh they are so lovely, just the ones you know I always admired in earthlife ;'' then she awoke and informed a Sister that she thought Br. James would not last long, as she thought she had seen his future residence in the higher life. Alas, how little did any of us imagine that it was her own future glorious home and not his; her inner spirit had caught a faint glimmer of it, ere it took its final transition from scenes of time, to dwell with loved ones in the fields Elysian; but all this was wisely hidden from her sight. And now in conclusion dear Sister, we commend thee to God and loving guardian angels, knowing thou hast gone to inherit a glorious harvest reward of 'Well done good and faithful servant,' trusting you will not forget us poor pilgrims on the shores of time, but extend thy spirit strength and blessing, to sustain us amid the fierce trials and temptations that beset us here below. Watervliet, N. Y.