Eldress Nancy E. Moore. No. 2 South Union, Ky., 1863. My Dear Young Brethren and Sisters ;—It would be well for us to examine, carefully, the foundation upon which we stand. Let us with willing hearts make the sacrifice that those dear friends have made who have gone on before us. Let us be interested in putting our hands at work and our hearts to God, that we may obtain a gospel treasure for our own . souls and be able to provide something for the generations that may come after us. Is there not too much of an inclination to consume all we can make and then draw upon that which has been obtained by our older Brethren and Sisters. Let us not spend too much, precious time in talking over their faults, but rather do the work in our hearts for the justification of our own souls. We shall certainly be rewarded for all we may do for the upbuilding of the habitations of our Zion home. Let us examine ourselves and keep busy in doing good. Do not let a high sense creep in to make us selfish in the management of our beautiful home. We had better subdue this spirit by an honest confession. Instead of finding fault with others, we will imitate their good examples, and be a comfort to the aged in their declining years. We will learn while we have the full power of mind and body to govern our feelings and do better as we advance in years. We should watch that nature in ourselves and subdue a fretful, peevish disposition, by laying the axe at the root of the tree. In this way we may be a comfort and strength to all around us. Then my dear young friends, let us sow thai which we may joyfully reap, with peace and justification, and as- sure our aged friends that they will leave their inheritance to true and worthy heirs, who will be able to appreciate its worth, and after adding thereto, hand it. down to others, as our ancestors have to us. In the spirit of love, Nancy E. Moore. MY THANKFULNESS. I was greatly favored in my childhood, and I wish to manifest my appreciation of the blessings that fell to my lot. The dear friends with whom I lived spared no pains, day or night, to teach me of God's love and care. I am thankful to my natural and to my THE MANIFESTO. 21 spiritual parents. To all my older Bretlnen and Sisters who have given me words of encouragement in my hours of trial. I am now fifty-eight years of age, and am thankful that in childhood I was endowed with a heart that was willing to receive instruction, and that had confidence in my instructors. I am particularly thankful to my guardians that I was early impressed to know that God and his holy angels knew all my thoughts, words and actions. That I could hide nothing from his all-seeing eye, and that the time must come when I should be called upon to render a strict account of all my doings. I do not wish to boast of my goodness, but the spirit of an eye servant or of a hypocrite has always been detestable to me, and as I look back over my life, I am thankful that it has been no worse. I know full well that through carelessness and ignorance I have made many mistakes, but on seeing what I had done, my conscience brought me to an honest confession. I was early taught by my dear friends that I must not wantonly cruelize any living thing. To be prudent and not let any thing be wasted or lost through my carelessness or neglect. That I must not deceive nor take what was not my own. That I must not be a mischief-maker and carry stories from one person to another, nor let hatred, envy or malice ever find room in my heart. That I must do unto others as I would have them do unto me in like circumstances. I was taught that there were three things which were sure to meet every one, Death, Judgment and Eternity. I received the impression that no external goodness would profit me, and I wished to be known as I write, that I might give an account of the deeds done in the body. Now, as I have given heed to these good impressions, I have enjoyed true peace and heavenly comfort, through my whole life. (to be continued.)