GOD'S ORDER. Cecelia De Vere. The cruel monarchies in conquest grounded, The Altars reared for tribute and for show, The Young Republics shattered ere half founded, Are separate from God's government below. And they who would confound the holy nation, With aught that man hath built in pride and will, Are blind to progress that brings forth salvation, Or they are enemies who bode of ill. The world hath haughty officers appointed, In all the countless forms of church and state, But lowly-minded are the Lord's Anointed, Administering the plan, profound and great. Not trained and trammeled for a creed profession, Not voted for in throes of party strife, But taken at the Altars of confession And in the paths of consecrated life. Chosen by angels to conduct through trial, From out the burning bush they hear the call, Answering with fervor born of self-denial, And with the sacrifice that is their all. Not counting coldly like the hireling preachers, The stipends and emoluments outspread, But searching, praying, like the holy teachers, For hidden riches and the daily bread. Thus as they pass the crucial tests before them, Proving a travel in the life divine, The wings of holy cherubim are o'er them, And Shiloh's glory from their souls doth shine, The insincere see not the oil of healing That reaches even to the garment's hem, Nor can rebellion know parental feeling, That clothes their spirits like a diadem. They have the substance, types and shadows vanish, For earth's advancement is their hope, their aim. From all their service every pomp they banish, But minister the word in burning flame. So comes the psychic orders evolution Unfolded from the history of the race, For every phase of peace and revolution Hath had its meed of spiritual grace. The earthly eyes may be awhile withholden, The dawn may crouch 'neath starless wall of night, Yet shall its portals ope with splendor golden Upon the virgin banner gleaming white, Then falling o'er the saviors on the mountain, Who faithfully that standard kept unfurled, Above the crystal waters of the fountain, The soul's Bethesda, last hope of the world. And when that world shall see the quenchless shining, Feeling the death robes that their souls enshroud, Will they not cry ' 'tis more than silver lin-* ing,' God's Order manifest behind the cloud. That knowledge will the yokes of bondage sever, And they who dwelt in shadow shall arise, They shall accept the light of life forever, And stand before its shrine without disguise. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.