Books and Papers. Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Journal of Hygeio-Therapy Hall's Journal of Health New England Magazine The Ladies' Home Journal The January number of the Phrenological Journal, etc., has for its first subject, General Schofield, Commander of the U. S. Army. The portrait shows the veteran in his uniform, and the sketch bythe editor is appreciative. Next a summary of the work accomplished by the World's Fair Commission is accompanied with views of several of the great Exposition buildings. Mrs. Wells brings her interesting account of Dr. Boardman to a conclusion, and following that is the portrait of an octogenarian farmer of Canada who has done notable service as a teacher and writer. Dr. U. E. Traer discourses well on the utility of phrenology, and a California lady puts in some good points on practical mental science. Florence Hull Brown talks on governing children most sensibly, and there are two or three other good things in the Child Culture department that will be read carefully. Science of Health has a leading article entitled 'Health: What Is It?' 'Good Advice in Helping the Wounded,' a sketch of the centenarian Mrs. Deborah Powers and a good portrait. Notes from anthropological sources discuss interesting facts in human life, and the various editorial comments touch upon live questions. For its cost no other publication gives as much as the Phrenological. This number closes the ninety-second volume, and a new one commences with the January number, 1892. The price is but $1.50 a year; 15c. a number. Now is a good time to subsci'ibe. Address Fowler &amp; Wells Co., publishers, 775 Broadway, New York. Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. Jan. 1892. Con. Treatment of the Sick; Thanksgiving Contributions; Food; Heredity; Progression; Silk Sponge; Bread; A warning to Over Eaters; etc., etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo, Ind. Hall's Journal of Health. Jan. 1892. Con. How it seems to be Struck by Lightning; The Work of the Rain Drop; Ants in Africa; An Affectionate Lion; A Strange Vision; Story of Theodore Parker; Exercise for Elderly People; Destroying the Nerve in teeth; Is the Sun a Magnet; The Hair; Prayer made her whole; etc., etc. Office 340 West 59th St. New York City. Mr. Edwin D. Mead, treats of Phillips Brooks in his Editor's Table in the January New England Magazine, and makes a pleasant supplement to Mr. Julius II. Ward's article on Boston's great divine. Walter Blackburn Harte writes of sons and daughters in literature in the January New England Magizine. We obtain patents for protection, not for ornament. Send for our valuable pamphlet, DuBois &amp; DuBois, Inventive Age Building, Washington, D. C. Mention this paper. President Harrison's daughter, Mrs. McKee, has written her first article. It treats of 'The Training of Children,' and will be printed in the February issue of The Ladies' Home Journal.