LECTURE. ELDER F. W. EVANS. My text consists of the words of George Washington, when making a treaty with Tripoli, a Mohammedan power:'This is not a Christian government.' The word 'Christian,' here used has become a synonym for ' 'inquisition.' It means torture and death to heretics, infidels, sceptics and materialists, all secular people, by church and state religionists, who think they are God's agents to compel all people to believe, by authority, as they believe, in 'doctrines of devils,' civil and ecclesiastical. The priesthood.of the Greek church is driving out of Russia, under the most horrible tortures, men, women and children, by the thousand and million, as Catholics drove Moors and Jews out of Spain. Our Christian priesthood is acting contrary to the Constitution, which forbids all religious legislation, declaring that all men are created equal, and are endowed with inalienable rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness ; that governments derive their just powers, not from God, not from a priesthood of any of the thousand religions of earth, but 'from the consent of the governed.' I hope that my friend Robert G. Ingersoll, provided that he will become 'temperate in all things,' and cease to kill and eat animals, or use tobacco and alcohol, will be the next president. 'He that killeth an ox' is 'as he who slayeth a man,' a murderer ; the same as he is an adulterer who 'looketh upon a woman to lust after her.' 'In those days, it shall come to pass, that I will pour out of my spirit upon all flesh ; the old men shall dream dreams, and the young men shall see visions ; and upon my handmaidens I will pour out of my spirit.' We want a secular president, so longas one can be found whom the spiritualists have not converted by their rappings, table-tipping, and incontrovertible physical manifestations and demonstrations (as they converted President Lincoln) by evidence which can alone induce belief. The mark of the beast and his image, Catholic and Protestant, Greek, and all sects, is: that human beings can be made, by authority, by war, to believe in a trinity, atonement, vicarious sacrifice, the blood of Jesus, or even in the absurdity of a physical resurrection : whereas belief is not the result of authority, but of evidence. The Inquisition tortured people, as Tennessee is torturing a man named King, to make them believe 'doctrines of devils.' Did they succeed? We want to keep our government secular, with no theology or priestcraft, in it; a government for all humanity, from the man who knows no God, to the man who says he knows of three Gods. They both err, as I think; and they both have a right to err, as long as they let each other alone ; it is nobody's business. The gods of Greece and Rome are no more imaginary and non-existent than is the male trinity. What of it? Suppose that materialists, like Ingersoll, should outnumber the religionists of all kinds in America: would they do right, to do as Russia is doing by millions of Jews, because they are not Christians ? All have equal rights to plow on any day that they choose, as did King, of Tennessee, whom the priesthood have now in prison, away from his plow, his land and his family, and away from the people, his people.