THE KENTUCKY REVIVAL. By Richard M'Nemar of Union Village, Ohio. Published in Albany, N. Y., in 1808. No. 14. Explanations. With an inward sense of the power, protection and presence of God, the Believer travels out of the use of shadows and signs, ceremonies and forms of worship to which he might have been strongly bigotted while in bondage under the law. There is no more occasion for calling upon God afar off when he has taken possession of his body and lives and walks in him, nor of calling to his memory a departed Savior by signs and shadows of his dying love, when the only Savior that ever redeemed a lost soul, is formed and living in him, and executing every branch of his office. Water applied to the body appears a beggarly element compared with the baptism of the spirit. As one baptism is sufficient to purify the conscience, he takes that and travels away from the superfluous shadow. Bodily exercises, dreams, visions and ecstacies which had but a momentary effect on the blind and obdurate heart and furnished at best but a fleeting joy, gradually gave place to the sun of righteousness that shines continually the same without cloud or eclipse. Hence, in the progressive work of the testimony, a blessed reality, an enduring antitype is wrought in the Believer which fully answers to all that he could possibly have conceived of, while longing,. praying and hoping for the kingdom to come. As Believers become more and more leavened into the nature of Christ, they discover with increasing accuracy the latent corruptions of a fleshly nature, and the secret wiles of Satan in injecting his poison into the heart. As they discover, so by the cross they overcome and gain an increasing victory over that which is death to the soul by dying to it; the spirit of the testimony runs through all the deportment of a Believer, in public, in private and in secret, so that in no circumstances is he released from the work of selfdenial, or at liberty to defile his conscience with any act of injustice or uncleanness, contrary to the spirit of the divine law, or the nature of the Son of God who first fulfilled it. To the lusts of the flesh, in which the selfish nature of man is formed, the followers of Christ stand in a peculiar manner opposed, and count it their great privilege to preserve their bodies in sanctification and honor. In the death of that in which all men by nature are held, they find deliverance from every branch of evil, such as pride, covetousness, anger, and hatred, so that by crucifying the flesh, its affections and lusts wither, and they grow into a peaceable, gentle, kind and loving spirit in which they can live together from one year's end to another without thinking a hard thought, much less expressing a hard word one against another. Such a spirit and deportment cements them together in one fellow feeling, and promotes the peace, purity and happiness of the whole, and the progress of the testimony. All who receive the testimony in the spirit of it are taught thereby to be diligent and faithful in things temporal as wTell as spiritual, and to serve God with the body as well as with the spirit. The testimony has a proportionate progress in the frugality and honest industry of Believers, whereby they lay a good foundation, not for their own pleasure and aggrandizement, but for the honor of God, and the relief and succor of him that needeth. By faith in the testimony and the influence of that spirit which accompanies it, without any other stimulus, Believers at Turtle-Creek began with the confessing of their sins, forsaking them and taking up the cross, and by the same faith and spirit they came together and received one common gift, united in one common worship, and without murmuring or caviling have continued in it, increasing in love and union, peace, joy and harmony and every good word and work, unto the present day. By this I am emboldened to testify that the kingdom so much prayed for, is come according to the promise of God, and the order which divine wisdom laid out, and the saints have begun to possess that enduring substance which prophets and kings desired to see and died without the sight. The same faith produced by the preparatory work of God, began also to break out at Eagle-Creek, which gave occasion to the testimony being opened there. A few at first embraced it with full purpose of soul, as the only way of God. In the month following, Br. Dunlavy stepped into the ignominious path and began to preach the faith, which for a time he had labored to destroy : and from thence forward the same work, worship, and spiritual travel went forward there as at Turtle Creek, and exists at present in twenty or thirty families in the bounds of the meeting, through the faith and light of Matthew Houston, Samuel Henry, John Bonta and P^lisha Thomas. The testimony entered and was received on the south side of Kentucky, and continued to spread until it embraced as many as were willing to receive it in Mercer, Shelby, Paint-Lick and Long-Lick. In each of these places there are a number of families, who have denied ungodliness and worldly lusts, taken up the cross, live together in the unity of the spirit and bond of peace and while with open eyes they are traveling from death into life, they shine as lights in the world. A few families at Beaver-Creek set out in obedience to the testimony in the Spring of 1800, who were numbered with the faithful. The testimony is one and the same wherever it is ministered; is received into one and the same honest and good heart, and wherever it springs up and bears fruit to perfection, that fruit is one and the same. Having given a short account of the entrance and progress of this religious element according to the sense of those who have embraced it, I shall proceed to exhibit it in a more external point of view, in which I shall consider some of the errors with which it was branded, and the unreasonable treatment which it received on that account. Not that I wish to inspire the reader with the least degree of resentment against those who may have taken up the matter in a false light, and through a misguided zeal, acted an unreasonable and unlawful part in opposing it. Confident I am that if Shakerism is properly understood, there is no man in his senses could persecute it. Nor do I suppose that the religion of Christ, under any name, would ever have been persecuted by the men of this world, but through the instigation of a wrongheaded clergy. The government of Christ has nothing to do with the government of this world, and can therefore offer the citizens of this world no provocation. But through the false insinuations of those who have wished to incorporate the Church with the world, and sit at the helm of civil and ecclesiastical affairs in conjunction ; those who have marked and kept up the distinction, have been represented as the enemies of mankind, and treated as such. If it is true that none of the princes of this world knew Christ Jesus, otherwise they would not have crucified him, what conduct might be expected towards those who walk in his meek and lowly footsteps, from the enlightened sons of Columbia, provided their judgment was not warped and twisted by that wild and voracious beast, which long ago made war with the lamb, and overcame him. Herod and Pontius Pilate would never have molested the harmless Jesus, but for the false accusations of the priests and high pretenders to religion, instant with loud voices crying, 'Away with him, He says he is the Son of God! He makes himself equal with God! He said he would destroy our temple, and build it again in three days! Away with him! away with him! If you let the deceiver go, you will not be a friend to Caesar.' It was not the peaceable citizens of the Roman government that characterized him a blasphemer, a malefactor and a wine-drinker, but those who professed to have all one fa|her, even God. It was the same characters that pursued the saints as 'pestilent fellows, movers of sedition,' enemies to the commonwealth, wore out the patience of the civil magistrates with their clamors and finally interested the secular arm to extirpate them from the earth. These things were written for our learning, that when we see any people persecuted for their religion, we may know it is not primarily by the commonwealth, but by the instigation of some ecclesiastical judge, and of course it is not really the religion itself that is persecuted, but something in the room of it, which the false judge has the assurance to palm upon the multitude while he demands their credit to his false coloring. That Shakerism has been grossly misrepresented in many instances, very few will pretend to doubt; and the source from whence these misrepresentations arose, must be peculiarly worthy of notice. It is easy to perceive that the spirit of the revival had a peculiar tendency to put down that ministerial authority by which creeds and parties were supported, and set the people at liberty, each to follow the dictates of his own conscience. Upon this principle, the jurisdiction of the Synod of Kentucky was renounced, and the Presbytery of Springfield resigned their supposed authority. Though Dagon fell before the ark, yet the Philistines set him again in his place, the generality of the members of the Presbytery, notwithstanding their professed resignation, continued in the full possession of their reputed authority ; and in that capacity stood ready to judge of any increasing light that might be manifested, whether they Were able to comprehend it or not. Having shook off their former reins of government, and attained but little mortification of that pride natural to man, and being carried along in a high gale of the spirit, they began to form imaginations of an universal kingdom, in which they would fill the first rank. As the ground work of this vast kingdom, which must include the whole earth, they proposed to seize upon the sacred name, Christian, exclusive of all other names; and so draw into union and one grand communion, all who wished to be called by that worthy name. The plan of this great kingdom was drawn up by Rice Haggard, and published in the year 1804 ; which proposed as the leading foundation principles, simply to worship one God, acknowledge one Savior, Jesus Christ, have one confession of faith, and let that be the Bible; one form of discipline and government, and this to be the New Testament, and be members of one church. (to be continued.)