Thomas J. Stroud, My Dear Friend:--I have to thank... 7 Walmer Road, Birksdale, Southport, England, Sept. 1891. Thomas J. Stroud, My Dear Friend : I have to thank you again for your letter and the 'History of the Millennial Church,' also for the numbers of the Manifesto. I have indeed taken your advice, not to answer too quickly, for some months have passed since I received your communications, except the two numbers of the Manifesto which I got recently. I see that you have printed my last letter in the July number. I did not think that my remarks upon the Shaker System would be deemed of sufficient weight to merit insertion in your proceedings. Since further study of your Society, I am convinced the more of its appropriateness to this period of the world. Everywhere we find large numbers of men and women whom the circumstances of life, disposition, spiritual or social tendencies determine to celibacy. These persons, often the very best of their species, find that they can live, work and serve humanity more fully in the single than the married state. In this country, as the recent census shows, we have almost a million more women than men. Few of these will marry, the vast majority will live and die celibate. The difficulty of providing this great section of British society with homes, sustenance and careers is very marked ; and amid the perplexities and anxieties of the age, the question of woman alone and dependent upon her own exertions in a rapacious and luxurious community, is one of the most pressing importance. We have all kinds of philanthropic machinery for aiding and protecting them, but very inadequate to the needs of the women. Happily the best of the sex are bestirring themselves to defend their poor sisters from the vile, the exploitary, and the negligent. Hence some women of the higher and richer classes find careers that are a blessing to them, otherwise dependent for occupation on the frivolities of society and the effete sectarianisms of the time. Many young women of great intellectual force turn aside from marriage and devote their best years to study and travel, art, or other concerns than those of domesticity. Some of our 'revolted' women openly oppose marriage as a subjection of their sex to the rude and spoliatory dominion of husbands. A remarkable episode of a woman refusing to live with her husband has recently been before our law courts. The final decision was that a married woman is a free agent and can dispose of her person as she pleases. This case has quite amazed our British folks, and it is among the most significant signs of the times that women are entering into new relations to men and to society. You have doubtless heard of the last great part that woman has taken in our country by the action of Mrs. Bessant who for many years has been a leader of the Secularists. On Sunday last she bade farewell to her former friends and to Atheism, because she has adopted Theosophy as her religion. You have some acquaintance with this eastern philosophy, I presume, for it has many adherents in the United States where it was propounded by Madam Blavatsky and Col. Olcott in 1875 I think. Now it is certainly remarkable that Madam Blavatsky, a woman, has founded a religion on your continent, and that a woman of wonderful intellectual energy, Mrs. Bessant, has sucseeded to the headship of that religion for such she practically has, though Col. Olcott is the nominal leader. The community of Theosophists, I understand favor celibacy as leading to the higher possibilities of our humanity. They seek spiritual progress also by a vegetarian diet, and by devotion to their fellow mortals. Among the men of this country there is a disposition to defer marriage to a later period than formerly, and it is said that celibacy is becoming a symptom of the time among that sex. In Europe generally, there is something similar discernible though it is not possible to make positive statements. All these matters upon which I have dwelt in the hope of interesting your Community seem to be indications of fundamental changes in the destiny of mankind. At present we see the growing segregation of the sexes in the homes for single women workers and single men workers. Both are at a disadvantage by these isolations, economically, socially, morally and spiritually. Either sex, it seems to me must suffer by separation from the other in social work and human effort. The greatest outcome of the system appears to be a distorted individualism ; a ranker selfishness ; the spiritual nature withers, and that is the supreme calamity for individuals and communities. Studying these developments of mankind and speculating upon them, I can not resist the belief that they will finally result in something approaching the Shaker system of the family bond. The compulsion to be social and friendly is so tremendous in this period of unbridled competition and society formation, that a time must soon come when these discreted aggregations of men and women workers will unite under higher conditions. What is needed to produce this amalgamation of efforts is the religious principle. Until the old views are further modified and partly eliminated this will not be possible. But these are taking place so rapidly that I am amazed at the speed. I have acquaintances in many ranks of society, among the learned and the ignorant, the rich and the poor. Everywhere I find the decay of the old creeds and the instinctive search for a something that will dispel the dread darkness of the human fate. This aspiration for light will be followed by the dawn of the new day in which the principles of Ann Lee will certainly be applied. Your leaders, I see from pei'usal of the literature you have kindly sent me, are progressive with a sympathetic touch of the mighty movements going on in the stormy world outside your placid homes. I hope they will continue to be thus knitted to the huge millions that know not the peace you enjoy and for which so many sigh and seek but can not find. As missionaries in the great time which is coming, your Society can not but have immense influence for good. In the Middle Ages the Catholic church was the refuge for the world-weary, for the contemplative, for the spiritual. In the near future I believe your Community will be the haven to which many will go. The roar and vain struggle for egotistic enjoyment is giving place to a sob for loving rest. The savage trampling of the weak by the strong, to a tender pitifulness that is the harbinger of a gentler and wiser age. You are the pioneers, God bless and help you in the work you are doing, and for the greater work you are preparing. Yours sincerely, Wm. G. Flynt.