NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. December. Thermometer. Bain. Snotv. 1890. 20.09 134 in. 20 in1891. 32.50 7 in. % in. Foe exactly twelve months our Brother, G. M. Wickersham's name has stood at the head of Home Notes, giving evidence that he possessed that admirable charm of elderly peoplean interest in life. Such never grow old, and we can not fully realize, that one who took note of all animate and inanimate nature, from the bird, the bee and the squirrel, to the mighty laws which rule the Universe, could have seen his four-score years. But like the level and the plumb-line he so often used, so were his last days. His regular and abstemious life, caused him but a brief prostration; the vibrating plummet of earth was soon quiet, and as the merry Christmas bells of all Christendom were ringing their matin chimes, his spirit arose, as the little girls prettily expressed it 'one more angel, a beautiful birthday present for Christ.' Thus our dear ones depart, each strengthening the magnetic cord which is drawing us to the 'grand beyond,' of which even Plato could 'reason well.' But with all these changes the tireless wlieels of life cease not to revolve, and it is 'busy business' everywhere. If idleness is a temptation to evil, goodness must reign supreme here. 'Labor is worship,' if consecrated to worthy purposes, consequently our whole lives are an oblation of praise. But in these well filled moments 'What is crowded out? That is the test of life.' A. J. C. What is life without health? Is it not more or less a living death? Few fully appreciate the value of health, till they begin to lose it. Let us all be wise and make a right use of our knowledge. D. O. North. ITanriily. Jan. 1892. Nothing of any importance moving on our hillside that can be discerned with the natural eye. The weather makes considerable talk but our talking will not change it and we have to do the best we can. No sleighing as yet and no ice. On Christmas we had a lively company of some sixteen Sisters from our neighboring Society of Hancock, drawn over the mountain by a four horse team. The roads were in such an awful condition, it took an hour and a half to get here, only four miles. I doubt if the roads were in a worse condition one hundred years ago, when the ancient Believers traveled from place to place to visit the Church and get a renewed baptism of spiritual zeal. Few, if any, (except Sisters) would have thought it possible to have crossed our mountain when the roads were so bad. I hope before we pass the next century-post, we shall have a very different condition of things in the line of public roads and conveyances. Health of our family generally good, though there is a great deal of sickness and many deaths in the neighborhood. South. ITamily. Jan. 1892. As the January No. is before us we are impressed to pen a few lines for the New Year. The winter work is being done, at present we are engaged in sawing wood by steam power. We have much to be thankful for as with the prevalent disease now raging our family has been, as yet, exempt. Our duty towards God, includes love, reverence and steadfast faith in trial, as Center IT&amp;mily. Beloved Editor:We wish you a joyous and prosperous New Year. There is very little going on in our family calculated to disturb its equilibrium; once in a while an order comes for medicine and is promptly filled, this is all we do to bring in any money except the raising of some cattle and making butter, of the gilt edge variety. At Christmas we departed from the usual and time-honored custom after having morning meeting. The Dining Hall was tastefully decorated by our Br. George Ogden with evergreens festooned with wreaths, stars and crosses, also an anchor about the center of the room, [n the evening nearly all of the family gathered in and had a nice time, exercises consisted of songs, reading, speaking and recitations interspersed with lunch in place of supper. No inquiry from outside as to Shakerism in any form unless a stray letter once in a while. Have gathered in two children a boy and a girl whom we hope will do well, Please accept our thanks for your kindly greeting in last Manifesto, we were a little apprehensive by the delay, that you had laid down the Editor's pen for some other occupation but am pleased to see we were mistaken. T. D. E. well as sunshine. If we fail in none of these, our daily conduct will prove a blessing. A. Xew Year is budding into resplendent beauty before us, opening new avenues of thought and wider range of action for each individual; thus causing us to pause, on the threshold of the coming year, for quiet reflection and sobei and earnest action. Our every thought and deed, should be with the desire to merit God's grace; to him all things are known. May our utmost desire be to gain his approval and love. A. W. Shaker Station, Conn. Jan. 1892. We are experiencing a very mild winter. Some parties lately come from New Brunswick report a similar condition there, so that a moderate winter seems to prevail quite extensively. We are improving the mild, open weather to clean up scattering wood in woodlots, and also in repairing buildings. The fear of a short supply of water has passed, and now our thoughts run on ice. Two years ago a similar condition prevailed and we were able to cut but very little ice. We made 2872 spaces of cream in Dec. from 20 cows. This leads to the inquiry whether it is not more profitable to make more cream in Dec. and Jan. when cream is worth 4 cts. a space than in May and June when it is worth about 2 cts. Several questions enter into the debate: We have to feed roots and rich nitrogenous food and must study out a properly balanced ration; but on the other hand we get a great increase in the dairy products, and also in the fertilizing constituents that tend to keep up the farm. Some feeds, like cotton seed meal, which are highly concentrated and must be fed with judgment, lose only a small percentage of their fertilizing constituents by feeding. It seems quite clear we must leave the old ruts both in farming and religion, and on this point a passage from Dr. Tarbox in Christian Science Magazine may be appropriate. 'Whether we wish it or not, we shall have to meet the inevitable fact, that the people of this and coming generations will not rest content with theological systems constructed centuries ago. The Bible is a book which will abide unchanged in all essential particulars. But theological systems are made by men; and if we are not in a better condition to judge of these systems than were our fathers two, three and four centuries ago, we certainly have not improved our privileges and opportunities. At any rate let us try, ever so hard to keep those old standards unchanged, we shall fail. Truth is always better than error. The things which are just and pure and righteous are to be carefully sought for and cherished. Who can tell how many generous and noble natures have been repelled from our religious systems and kept from our sans tuaries by those arbitrary and cruel features in our ancient creeds which were meant to honor God, but served only to dishonor Him?' T. J. S.