REPLY. Shaker Station, Oct. 1891. Dear Friend :I received your interesting letter dated 4th ult. in due course, and now take pleasure in replying to your thoughts. I certainly hope that our faith and principles, may be accepted by many; and I have a sufficient confidence in it to give my best efforts to further the cause of truth as we understand it. The Believers in Christ's Second Appearing commonly called Shakers, have for a long time seen the fact you mention of the increase of population over the means of comfortable subsistence, also of the preponderance of females over males, and also of the unequal distribution of wealth. These evils as we think, are caused by the unbridled indulgence of the sexual propensity. Where are we to find a remedy for these evils which are more keenly felt in Europe than in America where surplus land at present mitigates some of the burdens existing in more populous countries. Now the Shakers' idea is that voluntary celibacy for a religious purpose is a more natural check to population than periodic destruction of large numbers by wars and pestilence. The so-called orthodox religionists suppose the earth will be destroyed by fire in an external sense ; how much more rational the idea that the inhabitants of the earth will be eventually harvested in celibate communities, the fire being the fire of truth which will work in each soul to burn up the worldly elements therein. Again a standard political economist, Malthus, has gravely advocated mutilation of a proportion of the male inhabitants of the earth in order to keep population at its proper rate. The Shakers propose to do this by the means above stated. You will of course perceive that the evils you speak of, unless some means be found to counteract them, will continue to increase. The remedies you speak of can only meet the evil in a very partial manner, and the efforts put forth by the Salvation Army must, we fear, be very inadequate to meet the gravity of the situation. We can not live on the earth without perceiving that all the relations of life are increasing in intensity ; where will the the end be ? The pressure in business, pleasure, and social life increases. All seem absorbed in the struggle for wealth, pleasure or fame. It is a source of consolation that a few like yourself can stop and think whither they are tending, and what will be the final outcome; wpuld that the millions would stop and think! There is a pa- per published in Chicago by J. B. Caldwell 104 Franklin St., which shows that some are stopping and thinking. This paper publishes views in relation to sexual purity that are so plain that the impure find them only a subject of scorn, and J believe the editor has been arrested by the authorities for advocating purity in the married life. At present men and women are very gross creatures. The nineteenth century prophets who are moved by the Divine Spirit to protest against evil are as liable to persecutions as were the ancient Jewish, but this is our inheritance left by the founder of our faith, when he said, 'Ye shall have a hundred fold of fathers, mothers, houses and lands, with persecutions for my sake.' That is for the sake of protesting against making marriage legalized prostitution. You speak of our leaders being progressive and this reminds me that James Burns when speaking in the Medium and Daybreak on the Shaker system says that a more progressive theology might be adopted by our people. How little can any understand us when they apply the term Theology to the Shaker Faith. We believe in a progressive revelation of the will of God to man which is manifested constantly in man's continued spiritual growth, and in his ability to deny himself of wrong. I send you by this mail the last No. of the Manifesto in which you will find a piece by H. L. Eads page 225. He very clearly touches on two points, Theology and the second coming of Christ. Another piece headed 'The Shakers and the cause of Peace' page 221, shows our relation to the principle of peace. The Quakers have been very powerful witnesses to the incontrovertible fact that a Christian can not fight with carnal weapons to destroy life, either in self-defense or for aggrandisement. The great complaint the Jews made against Jesus was if the people accepted his testimony of peace, the Romans would come and take possession of the country because no one would fight. The spirit of Christ says 'My kingdom is not of this world' there is nothing to fight about. The place for each individual to fight is within, to contest the selfish sensual desires of the human heart. We are not called on to look at consequences, but to do right. In regard to Theosophy I have several acquaintances who have adopted its teachings, but I think it as a singular proof of the mingling of truth and error in the mind of man. The celibate and vegetarian idea, as a means of self-improvement, I regard as good. But the re-incarnation idea does not commend itself to me; I think this idea will gradually fade away. Now in respect to the fading away of old creeds, I think there is no doubt they are doing so. The Spiritualist movement, I believe, has done a most beneficial work in this respect. But it is needful to build up as well as to destroy, the fact that we live forever is of but little value, unless we grow better as we live on, and in regard to the increase of celibacy from choice by both men and women, some people here not interested in our Community have remarked the same to me. Sincerely your Friend, Thomas J. Stroud.