Fare-well Sermon of the Venerable Head of the South Union Shakers. 'Spirit and Intellect.' Elder H. L. Eads, of the Shaker Society at South Union, Ky., on Sunday last delivered his farewell sermon before a large audience. Elder Eads is now in his eighty-fifth year, is one of the purest and best of men, a teacher of recognized ability, and the full text of his discourse, which we now publish, will be read with general interest. The Elder said: Being impressed once more to come before you, and wishing to make this my farewell sermon, I may be somewhat tedious, and will have to ask you to clothe yourselves with a little patience. The text 1 have chosen is a rare one, and may be found in I Cor. in., 18-19, as follows:'Let no man deceive himself. If any among you seemeth to be wise in this world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise. For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God, for it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness.' It is my purpose to hew to the line, even though some of the chips should fly into my own face. I am not like the man who came into the court-room weeping, and the Judge told him not to take it so hard, that he should have justice. He replied, whining: 'Judge, that's just what I am afraid of.' Nay, give me strict justice, and I will call it mercy. The most diflicult thing that all professors of religion have to deal with to-day is to distinguish between spirit and intellectbetween God and the Apocalyptic beastthe great deceiver of the human race, 'going about as a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour.' At the present time the whole world seems dazed, looking outward at his material greatness ; while God, enthroned on his kingdom within, is ignored and forgotten. Now, were I to ask this assembly to tell me the difference between spirit and intellect, who could tell? None. It is now as it ever has been, the deep and hidden mystery of the world, that neither chemistry nor philosophy can reveal; and yet, I unite with the philosopher who said: 'I adore the God by whom I think without knowing how I think.' I have examined the lexicons of several languages and fail to find a satisfactory definition ; and hence feel justified in giving you my own. One thing is certain : It can not be a part of the spirit, nor a faculty of the spirit, as some affirm ; if it were, it could not antagonize the spirit; therefore, the rational conclusion must be, that it is a material faculty of the brain, which, being vitalized by the spirit, has understanding, and the power to compare, reason and direct in the manipulation of material things, but not in the spiritual. It is a great blessing, as is the eye and ear, if kept in subjection to the spirit, as Christ did, but if not, it is the great curse of the world, because it is supremely selfish. Christ seemed to have the least use for it of any person that ever walked the earth; as he said: 'The words which he spake were not his own, but were given of God,' who was enthroned within him, and if all would do in this as he did, this would be an angel world. He says: 'Ask and ye shall receive.' You need not look up to the rings of Saturn for an answer, for there is no one who, if he will turn his face to the throne of God within his heart, and ask, that will not receive an answer, in which, if obeyed, no mistake will ever be made. It is the province of the Spirit always to say what shall be done; and that of the intellect to say how it shall be done. It not being an entity, but merely a vitalized brain faculty, although endowed with understanding and reasoning powers, it has no responsibility, no conscience, and being material, it is always on the side of the passional, material body, and will excuse, assist and direct in the commission of the most infamous, beastly and heinous crimes. It has caused all the mistakes and blunders of the world, beginning with its serpentine arguments in the garden of Eden, and on to the golden calfto the rejection of God's laws by typical Israel, and their scattering as a consequence, and on and on through the world, up to Christ's temptation on that imaginary mountain. It was not an external cloven-footed monster talking to him and carrying his body around as some suppose ; but it was the intellect trying to persuade him to worship material greatness instead of the Spirit: but his answer was to the purpose: 'Get thee behind me, Satan, for it is written, thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, (instead of the kingdoms of this world), and Him only shalt thou serve.Matt, iv., 10. Eight here, when this intellectual devil was disposed of, angels came and ministered unto Him, and then and there his ministerial work began; and I would ask where is the man, from Pope Leo to Talmage and Sam Jones, who could or would resist such a tempting offer? Echo answers, where? It takes Christ and his true followers to resist such temptation; but a thorough follower of Christ in this most important thing, that of keeping intellect in its place, is hard to find, either in or out of Zion. I make no exception of myself, though I have had many tempting offers, both material and intellectual. Were I to relate, them you would wonder how I withstood them. The first two lines I ever read in my childhood were in Webster's spelling book, and they struck me with such force that I committed them to memory and have never forgotten them. They were: 'To be good is to be happyVice, soon or late brings misery.' My first reading book was the New Testament, in a log cabin with oiled paper for window glass. There I studied the life of Christ. So when I grew up and temptations came I could but think of what He rejected and his further words: 'What shall it profit a man if he shall gain the whole world and lose his own soul?' This enabled me to say as He did: 'Get thee behind me, Satan,' which I could not have done without his example before me. I relate this for the benefit of you that are young. Many tell me that our anti-typical Israel shows signs of decadence, and must soon die out; while other religious bodies are increasing, and cite me to a late meeting at Round Lake, where, to further missionary purposes, many took from their persons much fine jewelry and laid it on the altar. This would seem to be a good beginning, but wrhat next? Keep your intellect in subordination to the Spirit. What next? Give up all houses and lands. What next? Put off all your finery and lay down all your gold at the Apostles' feet. What next? Give up your generative lives, take up the cross and follow Christ. This is the Spirit's demand, while intellect says give up a little and keep the balance. These are the ones that deceive themselves and seem to be wise in this world, whom God will take in their own craftiness, and the same with those who go around and preach for money, or occupy a pulpit for the same. God will take them in their craftiness. The Gospel is free and should be extended to all without money or pricebut intellect says go and preach where you can get the most money and this is obeyed by all outside of Christ's foldall such deceive themselves and seem to be wise in this world, but will be taken in their own craftiness. I am asked by those without and those within the fold if I can tell the cause of our apparent decline, as there is no effect without a cause, and say any one who has been a teacher for more than sixty years should be able to show what it is. In answering this, I will be guided by God's dealings with his typical people, of which we are the anti-type. Intellect caused them to set aside God's laws and they never prospered any more until they returned to God, accepted and obeyed his laws. Then they prospered as never before, and as we are human, we have allowed intellect to do the same thing and need not expect to prosper as of yore, until we also fulfill the type by returning to God, accepting and obeying his laws. Then we shall 'blossom as the rose and flourish as a well-watered garden,' for God is the same and unchangeable. (to be continued.)