West Pittsfield, Mass. DeabEditor: Our hearts were once more made glad on receiving the Jan. Xo. of Manifesto, for we had feared its life had become extinct, and that its wholesome teachings would no more be ours to share and cherish. But thanks to a kind Providence, an able Editor and a brave band of willing workers, it has again started on its yearly mission and comes to us robed in tasty apparel, well laden with messages of truth and wisdom. We are surprised to learn that La Grippe should have been so daring as to venture within the precincts of the Printing Office, although we had before been convinced that it was no respecter of persons or places. Would that it might be driven into exile to the fathomless depths of oblivion. The seasons seem to have become as strangely mixed in our section of the country, as in Sonyea. It has rained almost incessantly for several consecutive days, and now we are having a lively snow-storm. Wonder if Grippe is interfering in the weather department? Christmas came to us rich with blessings; for on that day our beneficent friends of the North Family at Mt. Lebanon, (ever ready to dispense blessings) extended an invitation for a company of our people to come to their home and share the benefits of an entertainment, which they had prepared expressly for the occasion. The invitation was readily accepted, and the season of refreshing there enjoyed will ever be remembered. Speeches, dialogues, recitations, rich vofcal and instrumental music were listened to with deep interest for a space of time, then followed a royal banquet consisting of unleavened bread, cakes nuts candy etc. We think no one there will be found guilty of having hidden their talents, for it was all home production; even the confectionary was of home manufacture. Great credit is due both to those who planned and those who executed. Those who remained at home were also kindly remembered, as evinced by the toothsome dainties received. 'Honor to whom honor is due.' Love and kindest thanks are extended to each and all. J. L. S.