NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. December. Thermometer. Bain. Snotv. 1890. 20.09 134 in. 20 in1891. 32.50 7 in. % in. Foe exactly twelve months our Brother, G. M. Wickersham's name has stood at the head of Home Notes, giving evidence that he possessed that admirable charm of elderly peoplean interest in life. Such never grow old, and we can not fully realize, that one who took note of all animate and inanimate nature, from the bird, the bee and the squirrel, to the mighty laws which rule the Universe, could have seen his four-score years. But like the level and the plumb-line he so often used, so were his last days. His regular and abstemious life, caused him but a brief prostration; the vibrating plummet of earth was soon quiet, and as the merry Christmas bells of all Christendom were ringing their matin chimes, his spirit arose, as the little girls prettily expressed it 'one more angel, a beautiful birthday present for Christ.' Thus our dear ones depart, each strengthening the magnetic cord which is drawing us to the 'grand beyond,' of which even Plato could 'reason well.' But with all these changes the tireless wlieels of life cease not to revolve, and it is 'busy business' everywhere. If idleness is a temptation to evil, goodness must reign supreme here. 'Labor is worship,' if consecrated to worthy purposes, consequently our whole lives are an oblation of praise. But in these well filled moments 'What is crowded out? That is the test of life.' A. J. C. What is life without health? Is it not more or less a living death? Few fully appreciate the value of health, till they begin to lose it. Let us all be wise and make a right use of our knowledge. D. O. North. ITanriily. Jan. 1892. Nothing of any importance moving on our hillside that can be discerned with the natural eye. The weather makes considerable talk but our talking will not change it and we have to do the best we can. No sleighing as yet and no ice. On Christmas we had a lively company of some sixteen Sisters from our neighboring Society of Hancock, drawn over the mountain by a four horse team. The roads were in such an awful condition, it took an hour and a half to get here, only four miles. I doubt if the roads were in a worse condition one hundred years ago, when the ancient Believers traveled from place to place to visit the Church and get a renewed baptism of spiritual zeal. Few, if any, (except Sisters) would have thought it possible to have crossed our mountain when the roads were so bad. I hope before we pass the next century-post, we shall have a very different condition of things in the line of public roads and conveyances. Health of our family generally good, though there is a great deal of sickness and many deaths in the neighborhood. South. ITamily. Jan. 1892. As the January No. is before us we are impressed to pen a few lines for the New Year. The winter work is being done, at present we are engaged in sawing wood by steam power. We have much to be thankful for as with the prevalent disease now raging our family has been, as yet, exempt. Our duty towards God, includes love, reverence and steadfast faith in trial, as Center IT&amp;mily. Beloved Editor:We wish you a joyous and prosperous New Year. There is very little going on in our family calculated to disturb its equilibrium; once in a while an order comes for medicine and is promptly filled, this is all we do to bring in any money except the raising of some cattle and making butter, of the gilt edge variety. At Christmas we departed from the usual and time-honored custom after having morning meeting. The Dining Hall was tastefully decorated by our Br. George Ogden with evergreens festooned with wreaths, stars and crosses, also an anchor about the center of the room, [n the evening nearly all of the family gathered in and had a nice time, exercises consisted of songs, reading, speaking and recitations interspersed with lunch in place of supper. No inquiry from outside as to Shakerism in any form unless a stray letter once in a while. Have gathered in two children a boy and a girl whom we hope will do well, Please accept our thanks for your kindly greeting in last Manifesto, we were a little apprehensive by the delay, that you had laid down the Editor's pen for some other occupation but am pleased to see we were mistaken. T. D. E. well as sunshine. If we fail in none of these, our daily conduct will prove a blessing. A. Xew Year is budding into resplendent beauty before us, opening new avenues of thought and wider range of action for each individual; thus causing us to pause, on the threshold of the coming year, for quiet reflection and sobei and earnest action. Our every thought and deed, should be with the desire to merit God's grace; to him all things are known. May our utmost desire be to gain his approval and love. A. W. Shaker Station, Conn. Jan. 1892. We are experiencing a very mild winter. Some parties lately come from New Brunswick report a similar condition there, so that a moderate winter seems to prevail quite extensively. We are improving the mild, open weather to clean up scattering wood in woodlots, and also in repairing buildings. The fear of a short supply of water has passed, and now our thoughts run on ice. Two years ago a similar condition prevailed and we were able to cut but very little ice. We made 2872 spaces of cream in Dec. from 20 cows. This leads to the inquiry whether it is not more profitable to make more cream in Dec. and Jan. when cream is worth 4 cts. a space than in May and June when it is worth about 2 cts. Several questions enter into the debate: We have to feed roots and rich nitrogenous food and must study out a properly balanced ration; but on the other hand we get a great increase in the dairy products, and also in the fertilizing constituents that tend to keep up the farm. Some feeds, like cotton seed meal, which are highly concentrated and must be fed with judgment, lose only a small percentage of their fertilizing constituents by feeding. It seems quite clear we must leave the old ruts both in farming and religion, and on this point a passage from Dr. Tarbox in Christian Science Magazine may be appropriate. 'Whether we wish it or not, we shall have to meet the inevitable fact, that the people of this and coming generations will not rest content with theological systems constructed centuries ago. The Bible is a book which will abide unchanged in all essential particulars. But theological systems are made by men; and if we are not in a better condition to judge of these systems than were our fathers two, three and four centuries ago, we certainly have not improved our privileges and opportunities. At any rate let us try, ever so hard to keep those old standards unchanged, we shall fail. Truth is always better than error. The things which are just and pure and righteous are to be carefully sought for and cherished. Who can tell how many generous and noble natures have been repelled from our religious systems and kept from our sans tuaries by those arbitrary and cruel features in our ancient creeds which were meant to honor God, but served only to dishonor Him?' T. J. S. West Pittsfield, Mass. DeabEditor: Our hearts were once more made glad on receiving the Jan. Xo. of Manifesto, for we had feared its life had become extinct, and that its wholesome teachings would no more be ours to share and cherish. But thanks to a kind Providence, an able Editor and a brave band of willing workers, it has again started on its yearly mission and comes to us robed in tasty apparel, well laden with messages of truth and wisdom. We are surprised to learn that La Grippe should have been so daring as to venture within the precincts of the Printing Office, although we had before been convinced that it was no respecter of persons or places. Would that it might be driven into exile to the fathomless depths of oblivion. The seasons seem to have become as strangely mixed in our section of the country, as in Sonyea. It has rained almost incessantly for several consecutive days, and now we are having a lively snow-storm. Wonder if Grippe is interfering in the weather department? Christmas came to us rich with blessings; for on that day our beneficent friends of the North Family at Mt. Lebanon, (ever ready to dispense blessings) extended an invitation for a company of our people to come to their home and share the benefits of an entertainment, which they had prepared expressly for the occasion. The invitation was readily accepted, and the season of refreshing there enjoyed will ever be remembered. Speeches, dialogues, recitations, rich vofcal and instrumental music were listened to with deep interest for a space of time, then followed a royal banquet consisting of unleavened bread, cakes nuts candy etc. We think no one there will be found guilty of having hidden their talents, for it was all home production; even the confectionary was of home manufacture. Great credit is due both to those who planned and those who executed. Those who remained at home were also kindly remembered, as evinced by the toothsome dainties received. 'Honor to whom honor is due.' Love and kindest thanks are extended to each and all. J. L. S. Ayer, Mass. Jan. 1892. How beautifully Br. Daniel Offord wishes us all a 'Happy New Year' and then he gives some reasons why all cannot enjoy the happiness of a New Year. Selfishness is one among the many things that is a peace destroyer in society. 'Consistency is a jewel,' and let us have this jewel in all things. It is a valuable acquirement to obtain that moral stamina that we may be able to speak the truth, and if need be say, I cannot afford it. As there is no honor in riches there is no disgrace in poverty. Indolence may incur debt, and debts may sadly mar the peace of society. To do our duty and make the best of life should be the aim of each one. We may not reach the highest standard of a Christian character but our trials for perfection will no doubt help us attain unto a much better state. We have passed from the old into the New Year, and would gladly have passed from all the burdens of the old year, but unfortunately the 'La Grippe' is bound to bear us company and there is more sickness at the present time in Harvard than has been known for the last ten years. We trust, however, that we shall all come through safely and be able to render kind thanks for constant care. Our first snow storm came on the fifth of January and made it much better for the drawing of wood and lumber. We have had a short call from Elder Joseph Holden of Mount Lebanon. The mantle of our beloved Elder Giles now rests upon him, and we rejoice in his faithfulness, as a representative of the gospel work who manifests so clearly before the world the fruits of a life of self-denial. A. D. B. Shirley, Mass. Jan. 1892. Beloved Eldek Hesry:Well, there are still a few souls striving to keep alive to the duties incumbent upon them, not for their own sakes alone, not from the hope of reward that will surely result from the faithful adherance to those duties ; but rather that the gospel testimony be kept before the people; that faith fully lived out in daily life is a panacea for very many, if not all, the ills of which we hear so much said outside, Socialists, Nationalists, Knights of Labor and others. Truly many are called but few are chosen, or are willing to choose for themselves the 'self-denying way,' which yields so much in return of peace and inward justification. The year that has just passed out has been marked by much temporal blessing and bountiful crops. Steam has just been introduced into our laundry which will materially reduce the burdens of the Sisterhood. Large additions of new fence have been made. Further improvements of stock provided for. Seemingly what is most needed is a greater appreciation of the good we have by those now here, and of honest faithful souls to assist, who are willing to put their hands to work and their hearts to God. J. W. Enfield, N. H. Jan. 1892. We see the busy finger of time pointing to present date, which reminds us if we are to be duly represented with Home Notes in Manifesto, must hasten to send in our report. The first month of the glad New Year now numbered with the past, was one of uncommon mildness. The first snow that mantled hill or dale with a purpose to stay, came on the fifth of present month. We have been favored with a good degree of health this season thus far; a few are afflicted with colds, slightly bordering on influenza, so wide-spi-ead throughout the country. On the eve of Dec. 30th. we had a little scare of fire; the alarm was sounded that a fire had broken out at our North Family, but it proved to be only the burning of a chimney which was soon under control, giving us reason to be thankful for our great preservation. Old Mascoma closed in silence her proud majestic waves for a winter's rest, on the 5th. inst., many days later than has ever been known before by 'the oldest inhabitant.' At this writing we are having a touch of winter weather, with prospect that ere long we shall hear the merry chimes of the sleigh bells. Brethren are at work on corn planters; have a contract for five hundred present winter. Sisters who have made linen bosomed shirts for a Boston firm so many years, have orders very infrequently, betokening a failure for us. Heavy knit goods (better known as sweaters) are at present date in great demand. So while toiling for the daily bread that sustains life, may we not forget that the growth of the Spirit, which is more than food or raiment, should be the first consideration. J. E. Alfred, Me. Jan. 1892. Beloved Eldek Heney:I see by the Jan. Manifesto, which came to us to-day that 'La Grippe' has visited your home as well as ours. We sympathize with you and hope by the time this reaches you that all may be restored to health. Many in our Society have been afflicted and some are still suffering with it, but hope it will soon leave us. Wish it would go to the North Pole and there stay never more to return. On the 5th of Jan. we were blest with the privilege of meeting with two Sisters from Enfield, Conn. Eldross Sophia Copley and Sr. Emily Copley. They stopped with us over the Sabbath and we enjoyed their presence very much. Their chief object in coming was to see our dear Sr. Eldress Mary Vance once more. We all knew she could not stop with us but a short time. But to our loss and her gain, her time with us was shorter than we expected. 'La Grippe' must have attacked her. A week ago she was able to dress herself and go from bed-room to sittingroom. Thursday the 7th she began to fail and went down very rapidly. On the 13th at one o'clock she passed very quietly to her Spirit home. How we shall miss her! Yet we could not wish to call her back to earth to suffer! We know she has gone to a beatif ul Mansion which she faithfully earned by a life of true consecration. She has been a member of Society twenty-seven years. None knew her but to love her. She has been an example of godliness and every goodly virtue. In her we have lost one of the truest, noblest and most loyal members in our little Society. As yet we have had but few days of winter weather. No snow to speak of and the ice in the pond not thick enough for cutting. F. C.