THE KENTUCKY REVIVAL. By Richard M'Nemar of Union Vii.lagk, Ohio. Published in Albany, N. F., in 1808. No. 15. Explanations. These high imaginations served for a season to amuse the people, but tlit ir eccentricity from the leading light of the revival is easily perceived by a little attention to the 'Observations on Church Government.' While the work of God continued in any degree of purity, it was not a sacred name the subjects of it were in quest of, nor was it the communion and fellowship of the millions who assumed the name of Christ, that they sought. It was the power of God unto salvation, and that living spirit of Christ in the heart, by which they might grow into a holy temple in the Lord. A scheme of human imagination, which proposed to organize all the denominations into one great body of Christ, was very suitable wherewith to confront a little testimony, which simply encouraged souls that were seeking salvation to confess and forsake their sins and set out to follow Christ, in a life of new obedience. For the distorted features of Shakerism, the erroneous sentiments and wicked practices of those called Shakers, mankind in general are indebted to those who by way of eminence are called Christians. In perusing an account of this distinguished profession in 'Brown's Western Calendar,' written at Springfield, O., the following sentence particularly attracted my attention. 'They are not so vain as to think that all their thoughts, words and actions have always been exactly right; and they will thank any, who in the spirit of meekness, will point out to them wherein they may be wrong, that they may amend.' This concession and request from one of the first ministers in this new Christian society, in behalf of the people in general, although I conceive it furnishes me with no authority to accuse them with ought, yet in reason, it must prevent their taking offence, should they know that a number of their words and actions are recorded in a spirit of meekness, which are conceived to be essentially wrong. When the testimony was opened at Turtle-Creek, what was spoken by the brethren could not reasonably be condemned by those who heard it. Others at a distance, tossing about with the wind of imagination, and conjecturing things that had no .reality, imbibed a spirit of prejudice against this doctrine of the cross ; and especially as it bore an unfavorable aspect toward the great body of Christ which they had in contemplation. Therefore, the first words which T conceive were not exactly right, came forward in a letter from Springfield, dated April, 1805, a few of which words were as follows ; 'It matters not to me who they are, who are the devil's tools whether men or angels, good men or bad. In Hip strength of God I mean not to spare. I used lenity once to the devil, because he came in a good man. But God respects no man's person. I would they were even cut off who trouble you. I mean in the name and strength of God to lift his rod of almighty truth against the viper.' Admitting that these were the most wicked men on e?rh, I am far from thinking that such menacing words, from one unprovoked, could be justified ; and how much less when on the same sheet, this concession appears ; 'I do not say that they are not good men, or that the body of their sect are not such; perhaps they have more light than any other sect; perhaps they have had more power.' Where then could be the propriety of crushing them, or cutting them off, even upon the generous Christian plan of a coalition of sects ? In a foregoing letter it was complained that through faith in the testimony, the ordinances of Baptism, and the Lord's Supper, were likely to be cast away. In the epistle from which I have just been quoting, are the following words : ' 'These men have turned the gospel into a law of commandments contained in ordinances.' Now from these two Christian ministers, who could learn the true account ? Their words could not be both exactly right, for they stood in pointed contradiction. Considering that brother T. in the same letter acknowledged that he was far behind, not only in the light and liberty of the revival, but on every important subject, I conceive it was not exactly right i'or him to form such hasty resolutions to combat the testimony, even before h&gt; had properly heard it; and with that resolution, to come up to the camp-neeting at Turtle-Creek, raise a sudden and passionate outcry against these peaceable men, assume the authority of leading the meeting, enter upon a public investigation of their doctrines, and in the close of it, pronounce with a loud voice, they are liars! According to the fable, 'A liar is not to be believed even when he speaks the truth.' Although it was readily granted, that these men spoke the truth, yet there remained this pretext for not believing them, that they were declared to be liars; and upon this principle it was, that they were debarred by many from speaking at all in public. A man may be under an error, or he may be mistaken, and yet merit some degree of respect from his fellow-creatures; but a willful liar, a deliberate teller of lies, who can away with. Therefore under this opprobrious character, a bold Christian could curse Issachar Bates, and while a wicked man followed John Meacham from place to place, spitting in his face, and crying aloud to make a great fire and burn these false prophets, some of the foremost who professed the worthy name Christian, were at his back, laughing at and encouraging him. This and such like treatment, appeared so far from being exactly right among a people who aimed at monopolizing the name of Christ, that I am confident similar treatment from the wildest savages towards any men of civil deportment, must have merited severe reflection. At a succeeding meeting at Salem, in May following, I have no doubt but Br. Thompson may have justly reflected, that he was not exactly right in debarring from the privilege of speaking, one whom he had long acknowledged his equal, and his guide; excluding all who believed the testimony, from any further communion or fellowship with the Christians, especially as it was in pointed contradiction to their general Christian plan ; 'Let none be excommunicated but for a breach of the divine law.' Setting his own prejudiced spirit to speak in the Scriptures, as if it was the spirit of God. Thus asserting that the Holy Spirit had made him overseer of the flock, and that these Shakers were false Christs, false prophets, wTolves in sheep's clothing, deceitful workers, transforming themselves into the Apostles of Christ, creeping into houses and leading captive silly women, dumb dogs, and every hateful name and character which the Scripture could furnish. In consequence of which, they wrere railed upon by the Christians under these names wherever they went, and henceforward these members of 'the great body of Christ,' conceived they had good authority from the word of God, to impeach them with everything that was erroneous, wicked and base, and not only palm upon them every filthy character named in the Scriptures, but treat them as they supposed such characters deserved. If it was not exactly right to take the private interpretation of John Thompson on those occasions, and upon the strength of that, refuse any personal acquaintance with these men, it will follow that ail the rough treatment they received in consequence was exactly wrong. I further conclude it was exactly wrong for my kind brother Stone, after inviting me by letter to attend the general meeting at Concord the second Sabbath in August, to forbid me to speak on the occasion or even to come to his house, and by a council of the Christian clergy, to impose upon brothers Dunlavy, Benjamin Youngs and Malcham Worley, the injunction of total silence through the whole of the meeting, and at the same time that many were soliciting us with tears to preach, and we thus pointedly forbidden on pain of being prosecuted as disturbers of the meeting, to propagate among the people that we were the dumb dogs spoken of in Scripture ; with which title we were often taunted. On the last day of the meeting, six of the Christian brethren, J. Thompson, R. Marshal, B. W. Stone, D. Purviance, J. Stockwell and A. Brannon, alternately delivered each his opinion of the Shakers in an address, in which some of them were named out, pronounced liars, defamed by many slanderous reports which they could have proved false, had they been allowed to speak. If such treatment was right, the spirit of the revival, which allowed every man liberty of conscience, must have been wrong. As I conceive it to be right for every man to hear and believe whoever he pleases, the above conduct appears not only subversive of the liberty of conscience, so warmly contended for a little while before by the same brethren, but of the very spirit of a free government. In all those places the people were anxious to hear the Shakers, and considered themselves as much related to those who were forbidden to speak, as to them who forbade them ;* until by the din of false reports and misrepresentations of their faith and practice, they were frightened into a spirit of prejudice. (to be continued.)