Editorial. The article which we publish from the pen of our venerable... The article which we publish from the pen of our venerable Elder F. W. Evans, having reference to the so-called Christian Sabbath, and to the opening of the 'World's Exposition' on Sunday, leads us into a more extended thought on the subject. It seems that a wonderful representation of names has been brought forward by a class of petitioners that the first day of the week may be regarded as God-ordained for a special purpose, and that all nations be forced to regard it. The foundation for the keeping of this day has been embodied in the Mosaic regulations. It reads, 'Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any work.' That Moses found this to be the best thing for his people is evident from its rigid enforcement during the wilderness journey to Canaan. If a man was found gathering sticks or even chips that he might comfort himself by the warmth of a fire, he was by the unsympathetic law of Moses, to be stoned to death. No burden of any kind was permitted to be carried on the Sabbath, and hence the trouble that arose among the Scribes and Pharisees when Jesus said to the sick man, 'Take up thy bed and walk.' Even the healing of the sick was an infringement upon the law and those who unfortunately fell victims to some malady on that day were obliged to possess their souls with patience till the dawn of a more secular day. Restful Sabbath ! It was a panacea for many of the ills of both soul and body, and equally comforting to both man and beast. Moses did not frame a code of laws in the interest of man and leave out thecare and kindness that should be extended to the faithful beast of burden. At the close of the six days of unremitting labor, under the lash of the cruel driver, the poor beast could have twenty-four hours of un- disturbed rest, and eat and drink or chew his cud with perfect composure. No Jew would dare to touch the yoke or lift the goad stick on that day. Moses had no special fear of being disturbed by the exhibition of a 'World's Fair' on Sunday and hence the marked silence on that subject; and we may venture to entertain the belief that the first world's fair on record, so fully illustrated by the Preacher, was also closed on the Sabbath, or some Scribe or Pharisee would have a special note of the sad departure. Jesus, it seems had but little sympathy with this one day religion, and we incline to think that he took every favorable opportunity to illustrate his views on the subject. The plucking of corn and rubbing it in their hands was sufficient accusation against the disciples to warrant their death by stoning. It was working on Sunday. To rub the grain was work, and the liability of dropping a few grains on the ground would be a process of sowing, and this would be a criminal act. The healing of the withered arm on the Sabbath was enough to set the whole synagogue in an uproar. Such audacity proceeding from a laboring man was not to be tolerated. The Sabbath must be respected ! Jesus, however, who says of himself,I came not to do my own will, but the will of Him that sent me, was evidently impressed with the fact, that every day was God's holy day, in which he must work for the good of mankind. His mission was to preach 'glad tidings' to the poor on every day of the week, and he often found occasion to manifest his faith by his works. My Father, said he, works hitherto or has worked up to this time and now 'I work.' It is in accordance with his love and law. 'The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath.' One writer on this subject remarks,'No rules for the observance of the Sabbath are ever given by the Apostles ; its violation is never denounced by them. Sabbath breakers are never included in any list of offenders ! The Christian Sunday of modern times is not the Bible Sabbath, but rather a Roman Catholic Sunday, officially established by the edict of Constantine A. D. 321. In heathen Rome the same day was used for religious observance and dedicated to the worship of the sun. The Emperor advised those in the cities to 'rest on the venerable Sunday, but in the country the husbandman may freely and lawfully apply to agriculture, since it often happens that the sowing of corn and planting of vines cannot be so advantageously performed on any other day.' But there were other nations in existence who held religious observances and had a 'Holy Day' as well as the Christians in heathen Rome, and these may be teaching us as othera have, that God is no respecter of persons. That every nation may have a special holy day and that every day, throughout the whole year is God's holy day. The sacred day of the Egyptian or of the Turk is equally as valuable to them as is a Sunday to the Christian, and may work in their hearts a corresponding amount of righteousness.