Books and Papers. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. Feb. Contents. Dr. 11. S. Tanner; Treatment of the Sick; Is Sugar a Food? Anti-Vaccination; Food; etc., etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co., Kokoino, Ind. Somebody has said, 'There is no new thing under the sun,' but we rather incline to think that Pomeroy's Golden Thought Diary for 1892 is entitled to be called new and attractive. It is :t book of 366 pages, six by nine inches and affords a page for every Day in the year. At the to)) of each page is printed an Advanced Thought which may aid. materially, the mind of the writer as he transfers his golden thoughts to this unique, golden -Journal. The book may be obtained by sending one dollar to the Advance Thought Co. Rooms 46, World Building, New York City. THE PHRENOLOGICAL THE PHRENOLOGICAL. The new Speaker of the House of Representatives leads in the Phrenoeogical Journal and Science of Health for -January. He looks the characteristic commonly ascribed to Ms surname. Dr. Lowlier talks well but briefly on Moral Science Made Practical, and a good description of the ancient Syrian methods in art and industry, with illustrations, follows. Dr. Amariah Brigham figures as one of the immortals who helped along in the early days of American Phrenology. A right noble-looking man was he. A poem on February is above the average magazine verse. How Phrenology Saved Her Reputation appears to be a true sketch, and A Teacher's Testimony is in a similar vein. A Review of Phrenological Doctrine is the work of a scholar, the social and selfish faculties being considered. Governing Children, On Using Both Hands, and Let Us Live with Our Children are conspicuous features in 'Child Culture.' Modern Football is practically and sensibly scored by H. S. D. Why a Vegetarian and The Little House are right to the point, and the latter deserves special circulation all through the country. If its advice were obeyed there would be little grippe. The Notes in Phrenology show a clever hand in selection and arrangement; they are very instructive. And so, for that matter, are all other departments of this admirable number of the veteran monthly. Published at $1.50 a year, 15c. a number. Address the publishers, Fowler &amp; Wells Co., Pub., 777 Broadway, New York.