We read in the Oct. No. of the Manifesto... 'We read in the Oct. No. of th^ Manifesto that a meeting had, recently, been held at New Lebanon, during which, Elder Frederick spoke upon the fundamental principles of our institution ; first of which he claims is the Communistic principle. Second, the Celibate or Virgin Life principle. Third, the principle of Peace and good-will toward all mankind. I am a believer in just these principles, because they meet the needs of my spiritual being. There comes a time in the life of every person, no doubt, when he must realize that he has outgrown the period of childhood and youth, spiritually, no less than physically, and this condition does not depend altogether upon the number of years he has lived. Speaking from my present standpoint it would seem like indulging a spirit of indolence to depend upon others to do my thinking for me. The advice of Elder Giles to us was, not to be content to subsist merely on what had been done, but to be producers of those elements that constitute intelligent, spiritual beings. We have inherited a noble birthright; our parents have given us a good start in life, and it becomes our duty to make the most of ourselves by improving our opportunities which did not exist one hundred or even fifty years ago; always bearing in mind that the present time is the most acceptable for service. This view of the subject answers in some measure a question which perhaps we have asked ourselves a great many times. Why is it, that so many young people lose their union, and fall from our ranks ? Some of whom, we have known all through the period of their childhood and youth were morally good, honest and obedient to the advice of their teachers and best friends, as we ourselves have been, but after having consumed all the food which had been prepared for them, and reached that stage of development when it became necessary to earn their own living, do their own thinking, reasoning, wrestling, praying and working, in the direction of maintaining the faith that had been given them by their spiritual teachers, they chose to take a different course to find happiness and peace of mind, and possibly in some instances they find what they seek, simply, because they have never known the enjoyment of a life of purity and true consecration to the highest principles of truth, by the exercise of their own God-given powers. They have never sought it by incorporating these graces into their own lives, until they became a part of their very being, which is the only way to obtain that immortal treasure which the world can never give nor take away. After w^e become sufficiently enlightened to realize the difference between a vital principle, and a mere form, habit, or custom of society, we shall be able to accept the truth which will make us wholly free; we shall find within the limits of our own Church ample scope for the development of ear best thoughts and our highest aspirations. To illustrate this, Let us take the first Communistic principle of our Church aud see if it is possible to live a perfect Christian life fey ignoring it. It is one of the grandest subjects ever presented to the human mind. We sometimes hear the remark that this principle is running out from our Church. Admitting this to be true to some extent, we can but see that some of the best minds of our day, are giving this subject consideration. If any individual holding in trust the consecrated property of the Society is taking advantage of his position, and selfishly Appropriating for his personal interest the funds in his keeping, then that individual is running this principle out of his own life, and if every other member in the Soeiety is doing the same thing to the extent of his opportunities for acting, then indeed we may truthfully make tlie statement that the communistic principle is running out from our homes. Let us bear in mind, however, that principles founded on truth are eternal and although the forms and customs erf our communistic life may change in the progress of time, the result produced will be the same. Whenever we are convicted that the one thing lacking to perfect us in the Christ-life is to sell all and give to the poor, to share equally with our fellow-beings of whatever we may possess, whether earthly treasures, or kind deeds, pure thoughts and earnest prayers, thus making a full and willing sacrifice to become useful in our Teacher's service, or, as was remarked in our meeting last Sabbath 'enjoy the gospel by coming into it with our whole souls.' Whenever this conviction reaches us individually, or as a Church, if, instead of obeying it, we 'go sorrowfully away,' then we shall lose the blessing, and others more worthy will take our crown and our birthright.'