'SPIRIT and INTELLECT,' No. 2, Fare-well Sermon of the Venerable Head of the South Union Shakers. Iktellect is the spirit's servant and profitable in its place, but when it usurps that of the spirit, God's work is reversed and what is done cannot receive his blessing and will not prosper. It was not the gift of the Ministry to set aside God's laws ; but they yielded to the intellect and external pressure of others, and wrote to me some years since that 'it was not intended to set them entirely aside,' as has been done, but said there were some corrections needed. It is true there are some verbal inaccuracies, but the spirit and substance of every law is spiritual and necessary to Zion's prosperity; for 'where there is no vision, the people perish.' It is now plain to be seen that every movement in all Zion, differing from them, has been one step more toward the world, until all Zion now stands naked before them, as did typical Israel when marching around the golden calf. You may consider this si voice from the tomb, while I feel compelled to ask all the spiritual minded in Zion: Is it not time to remove the pressure so that the gift of the Ministry may be carried out by our return to God in obeying the spirit and substance of his laws? I hear the general response, yea; but intellect is persistent, and will still oppose it, and would do so until we should see 'her walls all broken down and the wild boar of the forest passing through and eating the grapes.' 'The fear of man is a snare, but whoso putteth his trust in God shall be safe.' 'Every word of God is pure' and the laws are his word, and such-as oppose them will be found fighting against God and the prosperity of his people. So, let 'no man deceive himself. If any among you seemeth (or thinks himself) to be wise, let him become a fool, that he may be wise ; for the 'wisdom of this world is foolishness with God.' It has been my teaching, public and pri- vate, for half a century, to follow me as I follow Christ, and wherein I fail to obey und follow him, you need not obey nor follow me. But one thing I have learned, and that is, no one can be both Christ and Judas at the same time. The conflict between spirit and intellect is too greatone cannot maintain the spiritual gift of Cod for himself and people, with the burden of trade and commerce, and all temporal things resting on him ; it will follow him into the house of Avorship and weaken his ministrations. I have had some experience in this line. Intellect will always say: 'There is no love in trade : get the best of the bargain ; cheat rather than be cheated.' While the spirit says: 'Don't take something for nothing. It is better to be cheated than to cheat.' I will here give you one instance, to show you what real, true Shakerism is in trade. It was in the leading Society in early days : A neighbor came to the Trustee to buy a horse, and described the kind he wanted, and said he would give one hundred dollars for him. The Trustee, not having him, but knowing where he could get one for half that sum, told the neighbor to come on a certain day and he would furnish the horse. The Trustee went and bought the horse, paying fifty dollars for him and sold him to the neighbor for one hundred dollars. Thinking he had done well, he reported the transaction to the Minister expecting praise; but instead of that, he condemned the proceeding and severely reproved the Trustee, and had him go and return the fifty dollars to the neighbor, reserving only enough to pay himself for his trouble ; this shows the difference between spirit and intellect, and the necessity of a spiritual leader to say : 'Get thee behind me, Satan.' As I am still speaking, as it were, from the tomb, I will state some of my past observations and personal experiences for the edification of younger persons. I have been a close observer ever since my call to the ministry, more than sixty years ago, and am compelled to say, with no ill-feeling toward any, that I have never known prosperity and God's blessing to follow any gift where intellect had the ascendency over the spirit; nor has any one who gained promotion by selfish intellectual intrigue ever been prospered. Such, God cannot prosper ; for He is unchangeable and no respecter of persons. This should be a lesson for all. I will say further, without boasting, that in all my appointments as teacher (by me unsought,) I have been greatly blessed and prospered in every sense of the word, and the same also of the Society or families under my charge, up to the day of my final releasement. I humbly give thanks to God for this. It did not come from any superior intellectuality, but more from my faith and trust in God, and personal obedience to his Holy Laws, though not permitted to require it of others. I never allowed myself to be drawn off into any worldly fashion, nor could I now feel justified in so doing. Some intellects think all that is now necessary is the celibate life and property in common, when this existed, and was lived by thousands before Christ was born, and is only a begin- aing in his work; and millions are living it now. Christ set the pattern of something far superior to this, by sever allowing intellect to dictate what should be done, and all his followers should do the same. Could we be satisfied with celibacy and property in common, we would follow in the footsteps of the Catholic Church that drove out of Jerusalem all the true followers of Christ. Every one that clung to Matthew's Hebrew Gospel was purged out and the Church allowed intellect to take the .ascendency over the spirit and has kept it so to this day, and in material greatness has eclipsed all others, and it is bow the head and shoulders of the great Apocalyptic Beast, which is worshiped, and if we are content with the same, we will only be a pig's tail to that anti-christian church. 0 nay, we must return to God's law, says the voice from the tomb, and become fools that we may be wise, for 'the foolishness of God is wiser than men.' Any person or number of persons are far wiser and better off without houses or lands or earthly goods, having spirit guidance, than they would be under intellectual control with all the kingdoms of the world at their service. Christ, though in poverty, knew this, when He said : 'Get thee behind me, Satan.' He knew it was better to have spiritual than mortal life, which he afterward gave to maintain the spiritual. I am now asked: Is it right to obey a leader when we know he is moved by the envy and aspiring intellect of others ? AnswerCertainly. Implicit obedience is obligatory upon all, unless the requirement is sinful. It is as necessary in the spiritual army as it is in the material, and should always be rendered, if physically and mentally able, without question or evasion. The words, 'I will not obey, should never pass the lips of a consecrated soul; but as all are liable to err, when any one knows a leader to be in the wrong, he may be as free as Paul was with Peter and no harm will follow. But whoever is appointed leader all should obey, for 'Obedience is better than sacrifice' and 'Order is Heaven's first law.' I have put this in practice in all the changes of my long life, which ha\re been many, nor did I ever ask the reason why, and have always had God's blessing. When some intellectual arrangements did not prosper, I heard a leader in the West say: 'If God intends to let his work run out, we must be reconciled, for we can not help it. Can not help it! We are the very ones to help it.' Rise up, obey the Spirit, and cast the net on the spiritual side of the ship and we shall have all we can take on board, then let the Spirit do the assorting, and keep all that are fit for the Father's use and let the rest go back into the ocean from whence they came. If we, his chosen people, will not obey Him, a scattering will be the consequence, as was in the type, but this need not occur. The intellectual wisdom of men has taken the Ship of Zion far away on the tumbling billows of the wide ocean, until we scarcely know our latitude, and 'she has sprang aleak,' and all our prayers, tears and cries will avail nothing until we will listen to the Spirit and resolve to re54 turn and obey God. Then angels will appear and God will cause a wave to stop the leak; then all hands to the pumps and we are safe. Then, instead of being cold, formal, artistic and world-like, God's inspiration will flow in like a mighty river, and then we shall sing and dance and leap for joy, and shout and clap our hands and praise the Lord, and go on rejoicing evermore. Amen.