NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. January. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1891. 26.63 4&gt;a' in. 22 9-16 in. 1892. 24.64 3% in. 19 in. Center ITmily. Feb. 10, 1892. Beloved Editor;Sisters of Center Family do not complain, only they are not quite satisfied with our last 'Home Notes' though good so f a&gt;r as they went. Thought we would just step in and tel] you how it is. Besides making gilt-edge butter, Sister F. S. improves her spare moments stitching on cloaks to sell. Two or three Sisters work on fancy pin-cushions to sell. Thousands of paper boxes for sending out the medicine, are made by the Sisters, with Brethrens' help. The small paper wrappers for thousands of bottles a year, for 'Narwood's Tincture,' are made by the Sisters; (said wrappers are made on a form just large enough to slip in a fourounce bottle.) Preparing fur yarn and knitting gloves to sell, is the daily employment of one Sister, when she is not making said wrappers or doing something else. Since Jan. 1891 she has knit fortyseven pairs of gloves. Fur yarn is nearly used up. Sister Mary will have to get some more dead Coon-robes for us; then we shall have a great bee, or a small wasp! and every Sister who can or cannot (seemingly) must go to pulling and picking, until the coarse robes are made soft and fine enough to manufacture into glove yarn. This part of the business is not quite so pleasant as it might be, so we 'hurry up' and finish the job in a jiffy. Have not told all that we do; let this suffice. Our Society has been fortunate in escaping thus far that fatal scourge, La Grippe. Have secured a good crop of ice for use next summer, and have our winter's work mostly finished such as hauling wood, threshing, etc., etc. With heart-felt love and best wishes to all, we close. ET. R. A. North. Family. Well at last we have some sleighing. Have not secured our ice yet. We have had to renew our ice house, which was completely decayed. We think we have somewhat improved it, but experience will tell the tale. When the house was first built the door through which we drew the ice was put in the lower side; so we have for the last 25 years been drawing our ice away below the level of the house, then drawing it up with a horse. In repairing we have put a door in the upper side so that the ice would go in of itself. This set us to thinking and we have discovered that the ice will slide directly from the pond into the house if we only give it a chance. So we have been figuring away on this for some time, to have it slide in and not knock the house over. The pond is more than one hundred feet above the house and only a few hundred away from it. Well we thought of a slide and endless chain, with a break &amp;c, &amp;c. Finally we erected a slide which has about 4 in. to the foot grade, (on the average.) We have automatic scratchers hinged above the ice on all the steep part; and at the lower end just outside the ice house door we have a large screw, so we can close the lower end and let the ice in- to the house just as we need it. The slide will be kept full of ice, and let out only as fast as it can be suj&gt;plied at the upper end. We have now a company of eight boys; and we have plenty of music, not all in harmony, or perfect unison. One good Elder is reported as saying, that, agitation was better than stagnation: and so we think. We take children among us, and we try to make good, noble men and women of them; and if possible permanent members of our order. Blessed be the children and the kingdom of heaven will never be without them. In kindest love, D. O.