A Synopsis of Discourses Delivered by Dr. CYRUS TEED of the Koreshan Unity, on Dec 11th and 13th, at Mount Lebanon. N. Y. On the evening of Thursday, Dec. 10th, we were quite surprised by the arrival at our home of a distinguished visitor, no less a personage than L&gt;r. Cyrus Teed, the leader and founder of the 'Koreshan Unity and College of Life' in Chicago. He had made a day's call at our sister Society in Canterbury. If our minds had been biased by slanderous newspaper reports, the Docter would have been an unwelcome guest; but, knowing from experience that false representation and defamation of character is the portion of those who devaite from the common course of the world, we were disposed to give the stranger-friend a fair hearing, and were favorably impressed with his honesty and sincerity of purpose from the first interview. The Elders decided to call a family meeting on Friday evening to which the Ministry and Elders of the first families were invited. The Brethren and Sisters convened at quarter past seven. The choir sang an anthem entitled 'The Day of the Lord,' after which Dr. Teed was invited to address the meeting. At first he showed some embarrassment, but soon warmed up to his subject, and spoke most eloquently for an hour and a half on the faith and principles of the new order. His views in most respects coincided with those of our Society. He believes in the Duality of Deitya grand truth expressed throughout the kingdom of nature, but preferred the term Bi-unity, as meaning two in one, this idea also was manifest in some forms of life, which was clearly illustrated from known facts. There was one God including Father and Mother; one Christ embodying the masculine and feminine principles, revealed through Jesus and Ann Lee, emphasizing the text, 'He that hath the Bride is the Bridegroom,' as proving bi-unity in the baptism of both. Celibacy is the corner stone of the kingdom of righteousness. Equality of the sexes is based on the law of justice, and in the College of Life and Communal Home, woman has an equal share in all places of honor and trust. Christianity, as expressed by modern churchianity, has proved a failure, it is a gigantic system of selfishness and pride, creeds, and not the spirit of Christ rule the members of the great sectarian denominations. The churches hold the power of persecution and inquisition; they are ever ready to torture and put to death any prophet of G-od that may arise whatever their testimony of truth may be. He dated his spiritual illumination back to eighteen hundred and seventy, just one hundred years after Ann Lee received her divine revelation; and he claimed, that the light and truth emanating from this Society, had a potent influence in his baptism. All through these twenty-one years of mental struggle and outward persecution, he had turned for strength to the spiritual center, but never until now was he permitted to meet face to face, and commune with those whom lie believed were living out the vital truths of Christian life. He explained the astrological signs in the heavens as pointing to a new and glorious dispensation. The entrance of the sign Aries into Aquarius, of Leo into Libra and of Libra into Yirgo, marks the second coming of Christ, the execution of judgment and the emancipation of woman. Koresh means the sun of being, and the system of religious and secular truth called Koreshanity, purposes to deal with all the facts and questions relating to human life, both natural and spiritual; to establish communistic homes, where by equal distribution of labor all shall be fed and clothed, and there shall be no more want, and no great accumulation of riches. He had lately visited the society of Harmony in Pennsylvania, had been cordially received and heard, without feeling the venom and contumely of sectarian bitterness : in fact, the celebate societies were the non-persecuting organizations, be-, cause they abstained from the lusts of the flesh, which stirred up the warring, fighting propensities in human beings, while the opposite elements of peace, love, justice and toleration were engendered in those who lived the true Christ-life. Between these Christian fraternities he would establish friendly intercourse and a system of commerce that would do away with the use of money, which is the root of all evil, for out of it grows the sensuality and degradation of humanity, extremes of poverty and wealth and all their concomitant evils. He clearly elucidated his views on the systems of exchange, and said that commerce as it existed in the world, was like the fishes in the sea, the larger were continually devouring the smaller ones. Much more was said that might be chronicled, but a short space must be left for our second meeting. On Sabbath afternoon at two o'clock, the whole Society convened in the Church family's large meeting room to hear our friend and brother; for he had simply accepted our rule of initiation into the order, that of confession of sin, and felt strengthened in a spiritual union with the body of Christ. A thorough knowledge of physiology, the science of astrology, psychometry and chemistry, with an intuitive perception of the interior spiritual sense and meaning of the Scriptures, makes him an able exponent of esoteric cult. There seems to be no limit to the resource of his knowledge. The second lecture was no less interesting than the first. He gave us a sketch of his experience. Told how he studied medicine from the age of ten years; had taken degrees in three colleges, and had a thriving practice in the city of l?tica, which he lost because he undertook to give to the Baptist church the benefit of his spiritual illumination; they not only did not accept his testimony, but actually froze him out, and put a boycott on his business; a few would have patronized him, but he would not go in their back doors, as he believed in being frank and open in all he did. He came from a long line of Baptist preachers, and his friends were anxious in his younger days that he should enter the ministry, but he could not feel that it was the call of God to him, hence he chose the other profession, although in his childhood days he made three prayers; one was that he might be an orator, another, that he might be a minister, and lastly, that he might be a publisher. All along through the years he had been bold to promulgate his ideas of the true Christian religion, but like the good Master, ' 'his own received him not.'' ISTot until five years ago, when he went to Chicago did he get any reasonable hearing; and in that wicked city, the true representation of Babylon the great, he had been bitterly persecuted by the churches. One Baptist minister said in the pulpit, that he would head a mob and raze the College of Life; and he would be the first one to throw a stone to dash out the brains of Dr. Teed. Right in the heart of the cifcy, a Koreshan society was established that grew in spite of opposition. It now numbered one hundred and fifty members sixty of whom lived in the communal home. When they hired a double house of thirty-two rooms, they had nothing to furnish them with; many of them slept on the floor and lived on the inost meagre fare for several months, in fact they were often very hungry, yet were not discouraged, but kept on working and praying and fortunately some persons came to their aid. One young Jew, whom he converted to Christianity, gave succor in the time of dire necessity, by placing his funds in the common treasury. Their small printing office had grown to the proportions of a publishing house; they edited and printed a paper called the 'Flaming Sword,' and other Koreshan literature, besides outside work. They contemplated buying some land outside the city limits, where they could pursue agriculture besides their other business. Though their discipline and form of worship was different from ours, yet the same spirit of truth was working in them for purification and redemption from the sins of the world; he hoped to introduce greater order and uniformity among them. He gave an earnest address to the young people, and told them that the pleasures of an interior spiritual life far outweighed the follies of the world; when they had fully entered the way of eternal life they would have no desire to return to the elements of unrest and bitterness. In speaking of the ties of natural relationship, he said, 'Of families who enter our home those who receive the Christbaptism which consumes the carnal tie, are actuated to yield their selfish wishes and give up their children to be under the care and tuition of appointed guardians, where they can be educated and trained together. This rule is not enforced, but people soon grow to feel in a communistic relation, tliatin the love of the Divine Parentage all souls are alike precious.' The life work of Mother Ann Lee was highly eulogized, her mission was recognized as the one great good that had brought to woman releasement from the thraldom of sexuality, and placed her in the spiritual kingdom on an equality with her brother man. He rejoiced and gave thanks when he looked over the assembly before him, in the realization that Christ had come, the Bride and the Bridegroom were one, and there was harmony and peace in the perfected household. He asked the strength and prayers of the body of Believers, that he might be empowered to go forth with even greater courage, to meet the taunts and flood of lies poured forth from the mouth of the dragon; and have the recognition of our people as a help to the little gatherings of brethren and sisters of the Koreshan faith in the various states where they were located. The second meeting was two hours long, about two hundred were present, yet none wearied, but listened with unabated interest to the end. The choir rendered some appropriate music, and the meeting was closed with some excellent remarks from the Elders, and a vote of thanks to the speaker. It is impossible in one article to give all the points of interest in two long discourses, even much that one remembers must be omitted.