Shaker Station, Conn. Keeping the heart is spoken of in Proverbs as worthy 'of all diligence,' because 'out of it are the issues of life.' All that makes life truly noble depends upon the heart being kept or guarded from evil. The heart is the seat of principles, and is the center of thought and feeling. If the fountain is impure the stream will also be impure. If the heart is sinful the life must be wrong. Jesus teaches that all sin proceeds from the heart. (By nature) 'the heart is deceitful above all things.' This being the natural state of the heart, the first thing must be to cleanse it by a life of purity. But even a purified heart must be kept with all diligence. The Apostle's injunction, 'Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, be strong,' is wise counsel. 2417 spaces of cream were sold in January. To have early garden tomatoes, seeds may be sown in a box now, and when two or three inches high, they may be transplanted into flower pots or fruit cans. Those who live some distance from greenhouses can do this with little labor and it will pay well. A large poultry house presupposes too many fowls in one enclosure. To have a warm house for every 40 fowls and a separate yard is much better. Too large poultry houses have caused poultry growing to be a failure. Unless fowls can be kept warm, winter eggs are an impossibility. D. Obcutt. Feb. 7, 1892. The wheels of time fly around in quick succession, reminding us that another month has gone with others to return no more, and in the past one winter has given us one or two eai*nest touches, enough to show what he could do were he to awaken, but these have enabled us to 'secure some very fair ice from ten to eleven inches thick. We have found out that an iceplow is a great saving of time, money and labor in securing the ice crop; also we have tried a patent ice creeper on our horses' feet, to save sharpening their shoes and thus far they work well. 3277 spaces of cream made in Jan. from 20 cows. We have witnessed what to us was an interesting natural phenomenon on a small scale. Some potatoes having been frozen were placed in a tub of cold spring water in the morning; by night the water was frozen nearly solid. The potatoes were scraped from the ice and placed in another tub of spring water; the top of J that water was lightly frozen, after several hours. The potatoes on being reI moved from the last water were cooked and eaten, and proved excellent. We truly believe that Providence is a good power to trust in. We find all our wants well supplied if we reach out to take the gifts that are offered us. It is unnecessary to attempt any illustration of this, and but little discrimination to see it, and we constantly admire the beauty of that system which indicates universal benevolence. A general time of health prevails at present. M. W.