NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. January. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1891. 26.63 4&gt;a' in. 22 9-16 in. 1892. 24.64 3% in. 19 in. Center ITmily. Feb. 10, 1892. Beloved Editor;Sisters of Center Family do not complain, only they are not quite satisfied with our last 'Home Notes' though good so f a&gt;r as they went. Thought we would just step in and tel] you how it is. Besides making gilt-edge butter, Sister F. S. improves her spare moments stitching on cloaks to sell. Two or three Sisters work on fancy pin-cushions to sell. Thousands of paper boxes for sending out the medicine, are made by the Sisters, with Brethrens' help. The small paper wrappers for thousands of bottles a year, for 'Narwood's Tincture,' are made by the Sisters; (said wrappers are made on a form just large enough to slip in a fourounce bottle.) Preparing fur yarn and knitting gloves to sell, is the daily employment of one Sister, when she is not making said wrappers or doing something else. Since Jan. 1891 she has knit fortyseven pairs of gloves. Fur yarn is nearly used up. Sister Mary will have to get some more dead Coon-robes for us; then we shall have a great bee, or a small wasp! and every Sister who can or cannot (seemingly) must go to pulling and picking, until the coarse robes are made soft and fine enough to manufacture into glove yarn. This part of the business is not quite so pleasant as it might be, so we 'hurry up' and finish the job in a jiffy. Have not told all that we do; let this suffice. Our Society has been fortunate in escaping thus far that fatal scourge, La Grippe. Have secured a good crop of ice for use next summer, and have our winter's work mostly finished such as hauling wood, threshing, etc., etc. With heart-felt love and best wishes to all, we close. ET. R. A. North. Family. Well at last we have some sleighing. Have not secured our ice yet. We have had to renew our ice house, which was completely decayed. We think we have somewhat improved it, but experience will tell the tale. When the house was first built the door through which we drew the ice was put in the lower side; so we have for the last 25 years been drawing our ice away below the level of the house, then drawing it up with a horse. In repairing we have put a door in the upper side so that the ice would go in of itself. This set us to thinking and we have discovered that the ice will slide directly from the pond into the house if we only give it a chance. So we have been figuring away on this for some time, to have it slide in and not knock the house over. The pond is more than one hundred feet above the house and only a few hundred away from it. Well we thought of a slide and endless chain, with a break &amp;c, &amp;c. Finally we erected a slide which has about 4 in. to the foot grade, (on the average.) We have automatic scratchers hinged above the ice on all the steep part; and at the lower end just outside the ice house door we have a large screw, so we can close the lower end and let the ice in- to the house just as we need it. The slide will be kept full of ice, and let out only as fast as it can be suj&gt;plied at the upper end. We have now a company of eight boys; and we have plenty of music, not all in harmony, or perfect unison. One good Elder is reported as saying, that, agitation was better than stagnation: and so we think. We take children among us, and we try to make good, noble men and women of them; and if possible permanent members of our order. Blessed be the children and the kingdom of heaven will never be without them. In kindest love, D. O. Shaker Station, Conn. Keeping the heart is spoken of in Proverbs as worthy 'of all diligence,' because 'out of it are the issues of life.' All that makes life truly noble depends upon the heart being kept or guarded from evil. The heart is the seat of principles, and is the center of thought and feeling. If the fountain is impure the stream will also be impure. If the heart is sinful the life must be wrong. Jesus teaches that all sin proceeds from the heart. (By nature) 'the heart is deceitful above all things.' This being the natural state of the heart, the first thing must be to cleanse it by a life of purity. But even a purified heart must be kept with all diligence. The Apostle's injunction, 'Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, be strong,' is wise counsel. 2417 spaces of cream were sold in January. To have early garden tomatoes, seeds may be sown in a box now, and when two or three inches high, they may be transplanted into flower pots or fruit cans. Those who live some distance from greenhouses can do this with little labor and it will pay well. A large poultry house presupposes too many fowls in one enclosure. To have a warm house for every 40 fowls and a separate yard is much better. Too large poultry houses have caused poultry growing to be a failure. Unless fowls can be kept warm, winter eggs are an impossibility. D. Obcutt. Feb. 7, 1892. The wheels of time fly around in quick succession, reminding us that another month has gone with others to return no more, and in the past one winter has given us one or two eai*nest touches, enough to show what he could do were he to awaken, but these have enabled us to 'secure some very fair ice from ten to eleven inches thick. We have found out that an iceplow is a great saving of time, money and labor in securing the ice crop; also we have tried a patent ice creeper on our horses' feet, to save sharpening their shoes and thus far they work well. 3277 spaces of cream made in Jan. from 20 cows. We have witnessed what to us was an interesting natural phenomenon on a small scale. Some potatoes having been frozen were placed in a tub of cold spring water in the morning; by night the water was frozen nearly solid. The potatoes were scraped from the ice and placed in another tub of spring water; the top of J that water was lightly frozen, after several hours. The potatoes on being reI moved from the last water were cooked and eaten, and proved excellent. We truly believe that Providence is a good power to trust in. We find all our wants well supplied if we reach out to take the gifts that are offered us. It is unnecessary to attempt any illustration of this, and but little discrimination to see it, and we constantly admire the beauty of that system which indicates universal benevolence. A general time of health prevails at present. M. W. Ayer, Mass. Feb. 1892. Dear Editor:As we enter upon the last winter month, we find our zeal for labor has not entirely diminished, although we have had but little snow. 125 cords of wood have been hauled to the door-yard, for sawing and 80 tons of ice housed. Our herb and broom business have been ably managed. Good and faithful Sisters have had more than their share this winter, of the burdens of life. Not only the common duties of the family have demanded attention, but there has not been a week without sickness, and this has received their willing attendance. With all this we have not suffered from Winter of the Heart. Our pathway may lead us among trials which for a time would seem to impede our progress, and shut out the very light of heaven; but if we have the love of heaven in our hearts we have a solace that will support and give strength and enable us to meet every trial. We have no need to fear the future while our trust is in God, our heavenly Father and Mother. Winter days will be changed to summer days and our pathway will be made pleasant in the sunshine of God's love. Pleavenly flowers and fruits will abound and make of life an eternal joy. Let us extend this sunshine to every one as there is nothing that will do so much good as the spirit of kindness, administered in a cheerful spirit. 'Kindness is the music of good-will to men and on this harp the smallest fingers may play heaven's sweetest tunes on earth.' Of all blessings there is nothing better or more desirable than a cheerful, happy home, and it should be our duty to promote these blessings in our own home circle. A. D. B.