CLOSING THE WORLD'S FAIR. Frederick W. Evans. It is stated that fifty thousand gospel Ministers have been served with blank petitions for their respective flocks to sign; praying Congress to enact unconstitutional 'religious legislation' to close the World's Fair upon the ConstantineHeathen Sunday. If the American government, were a Church and State government, which it is not; and if all the world, who are invited to the Fair knew that this was a Christian nation and had a 'Christian Government,' which its father, 'Washington, declared it was not; and that, if they came from India, from South America, from Spain, China, Africa, Turkey, Russia, France and England, they would be compelled to lose one seventh of their time in the observance of a Sectarian unscriptural Sabbath,* in addition to their own Sabbath, coming upon another day; and they still choose to come. Well! but they are being invited to come, not to an Infidel, an ecclesiastical, Christian, nor even to an American Fair, but to a World's Fair, open to Anabaptists, -Jews, Buddhists, Mohammedans, who have their own Sabbath days, to say nothing of the millions of nonsectarian or the religious people, who, like Shakers, regard all days alike, and to be kept holy by ceasing thereon to do evil, and learning to be and to do good. Infidels to Church and State governments, like Paine, Franklin, Washington and Jefferson, wrote and signed the Declaration of Independence, and framed a constitution that expressly forbids all 'religious legislation.' The 'Age of Reason' had arrived, the 'Rights of Man' were boldly set forth, and when 'The Crisis' came, the truth and 'Common Sense' prevailed. All men were legally equal and had inalienable rights to entire liberty of conscience, even down to the Priests of Balaam, who, for their salaries, seek a union with Balak. Religious freedom, perfect exemption from Priestly rule and dominatiom is the great honor and glory of the secular government of these United States. But 'eternal vigilance' will alone maintain it. Under God, we are all indebted to the Skeptical classes for our Secular government. The anti-Christians ought to be thankful to them for they have returned good for evil, and do not persecute their persecutors. Paine was the master-spirit of the American Revolution. Washington, whose private Secretary he was, declared that Thomas Paine had done more with his pen for the ultimate success of the American Revolution than he had done with his sword; the Infidels never persecute. The Priesthood have white-washed Washington, who would very seldom go into a Steeple Housea Churchand have blackballed, belied and vilified Paine, as the Rebels in our Civil War, slandered, contemned and finally killed Lincoln. By what the Church and State Christians have done in Tennesee without law we may jndge what they will do when they have the law in their hands. They tore a good American citizen from his home and family, imprisoned Mm, worried, brow-beat and tortured him to death. His soul in the Spirit land, is 'marching on' to vengeance upon his Inquisitors. He was doing what he, and all of us, have a perfect U. S. constitutional right to do, plow our fields whenever we choose. Where is the Ecclesiastical Court to determine upon which of the seven Sabbath days we must not plow? Could there be a greater absurdity than the stamp upon our coin, 'Tn God we trust,' when thousands of good citizens do not believe in any God at all ? Yet their inalienable rights remain intact, as do the rights of those who profess to believe there are three Gods, all masculine, ignoring woman. Are there any Christians except Shakers ? And are there any human beings in the Spirit World, in heaven or hell, or upon this earth, who may not become Christians ? 'A great company of Priests were obedient to the faith.' And if the Inquisition-Clergy may become Christians, who shall despair of being saved r Belief is the result of evidence. There is no virtue in it, nor is there any vice in unbelief. It is want of evidence ; having evidence, belief is the result. Jesus said: 'My kingdom is not of this world, therefore my servants will not fight.' If the Chaplain is a Christian, what is he doing in a secular, worldly, masculine legislature, that is spending the principal revenues of the country in manufacturing war material? And what place has he in the Army and Navy, or on the bloody battle field. Is it not fifty thousand Balak Priests who are going to move heaven and earth to fill their Churches and increase their incomes ? Lincoln was an Infidel and became a Spiritualist; so, according to 'Free Thought' the Jesuits killed him. Let us have peace, but not the 'peace of Warsaw.' Let Infidel, Jew or Turk be left in perfect liberty of conscience to do by others, as they would be done b}7. Did Jesus ever denounce the skeptical Sadducees as he denounced the believing Pharisees? For untold ages, the wise of this world thought that the earth was flat. One man arose who said it was round, and that it turned around. The Christian Priests arrested, imprisoned and tortured him to death, just as they have arrested, imprisoned and killed King of Tennesee who kept the true SabbathSaturday and plowed his field on their Sabbath. Either open the World's Fair upon the seven Sabbath days, or close it upon the seven Sabbath days and tax the Church and State 'fifty thousand Balak Priests' to pay the outlay and all losses to the Exhibitors. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.