Pleasant Hill, Ky. Already two months of the year 1892 have passed, and soon the swift wings of time will bear us away to the other shore, where we hope to find one of the 'many mansions' prepared by our Father. We have had real winter weather, which is preferable to the mild winters previous, yet how utterly unable are we to change one of the inimitable laws of our Creator' We think we are very fortunate to have our ice-houses filled. The 'La Grippe,' has not abated, but our dear aged ones are selected as victims, and although many of the sick are those who have passed the allotted three-score and ten years, we are loath to give them up. We have had some bright, beautiful days since Feb. came in, but are not sure that the winter is gone. We have much to be thankful for temporally, and although but few seek to be saved from their sins, we know if we are faithful laborers in the vineyard we shall surely find a blessing. The few warm sunshiny days were improved by the gardeners and farmers, in enriching the ground and plowing but these days are few and far between. The epidemic that has opened, has spared neither patrician nor plebeian, has attacked both East and West families, as well as the Center. Happily so far we have lost no one. 'Not my will, O Lord, but Thine be done.' We have heard from our gospel friends at South Union of the extreme illness of our venerable Elder H. L. Eads, whose very name is a house-hold word. We know he is beyond the eightieth mile-stone, yet when we see the aged pass away to their rest, we feel sorry to know that there are few who are of the pioneer stock, who paved the way and laid a foundation for succeeding generations. Let us in life not withhold the kind words and deeds that flow so readily from our hearts when we know they have gone from us. M. C. S. South Union, Ky. Feb. 9, 1892. Dear Brother:The weather is very warm, but the health of Society is quite good with few exceptions. Elder Oliver C. Hampton arrived at this place from Union Village on the 3rd. inst. J. C.