Eldress Nancy E. Moore. No. 3. South Union, Feb. 1864. My Dear Companions :I am impressed to write the testimony of my unswerving faith in the gospel of Christ, and my desire for the prosperity and honor of our gospel home. We should feel that it is our home, and watch over it with a devoted interest, as our parents have done before us. They gave their lives to God and laid a foundation upon which we may build. Every one should realize that he has a work to do, a home to protect, and a religious interest to sustain to ensure a lasting happiness to the soul. It is a gospel requirement for each one to be prudent and careful of every good thing that is entrusted to his care for the benefit of the Community. To study a wise economy becomes a matter of great importance in the prosperity of our home. There should be an interested feeling to save the property from waste, deeper and stronger than in those who work merely for self. In this way we may look for prosperity to crown our efforts as it formerly has done, and for a blessing to be upon all our labors. This is our home, and each one should feel himself to be an active member of a living body of Believers. 'Waste not,' is an important lesson to learn. After the Brethren and Sisters have toiled faithfully through heat and cold, and with the help of an over-ruling Providence have provided a good supply of food for the support and comfort of all, we should see that none of these things that come under our notice or care, are left carelessly to be wasted. It is a heavy tax upon the family to obtain the fire wood, and we should be thoughtful and saving and not burn it needlessly. A special care should be taken of the utensils and machinery used on the farm, and everything should have a place-where it can be secured from thieves during the night. The mechanics have many costly tools under their charge and when not in use should be returned to their proper places, that they may not be lost or stolen. We should remember that it takes our time and labor to earn these things, and if we are prudent much may be saved. To be industrious, neat and cleanly and to maintain good order is also a visible mark of a true Believer. This outward manifestation is quite a sure index of the spiritual work that should have its proper place. In this way we rise from the low estate of a selfish life, and are enabUsd to stand in the light. Yea, to love the light for the peace and joy which it brings to the soul. Never be willing to be dishonest, nor to act the lrypocrite; it will harden the conscience, but rather let us bear in mind that every thought, word and action must be brought to judgment, there to be approved as righteous or condemned as wicked. Let us work for this reward ; 'Well done, good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord,' and enjoy the blessed fruits of our labors. These are the blessings that are worth more than all this world can give. (to be continued.)