Books and Papers. Phrenological JOURNAL AND SCIENCE OF HEALTH The March number of the Phrenological JOURNAL AND SCIENCE OF HEALTH Is more than usually supplied with interesting personal or biographical sketches. The editor speaks feelingly and judiciously regarding the late Duke of Clarence and Avondale, and is rather pointed in his condemnation of those who show a fire-eating spirit as concerns the Chilian affair. We have a striking portrait of the Chilian president and views of Valparaiso. The eminent observer and writer, Dr. J. R. Buchanan, is well depicted by Charlotte F. Wells, and a lively summary of the Del Sartes and their works, with two admirable portraits, is given by Carrica Le Favre. Practical Phrenology is well filled. A new series of 'Hits' is introduced, that show the success of such publications. Florence Hull contributes a very valuable paper on Governing Children. Lady Somerset, the temperance advocate, receives appropriate notice. In Science of Health we find some Deductions from Anthropometry, Massage Treatment, Typhoid, The Scotchman's 'Parritch,' etc. The new department of Notes in Anthropology contains a list of items that is very valuable for their solid information. The fact of the increase of insanity among Southern negroes since the civil war is very significant. Price $1.50 a year, with Premium Phrenological Head, $1.65. Address Fowler &amp; Wells Co., Publishers, 777 Broadway, New York. Ladies' Home Journal A Sort of Digital Depression. Did you ever notice, when a man smites his thumb with a hammer, while putting down a carpet under wifely supervision and criticism, how quickly he thrusts the bruised and throbbing member into his ready mouth? writes Robert J. Burdette in the March Ladies' Home Journal. People think it is because the application is soothing. But no: it is an involuntary movement, same as winking. The man cannot help it. Nature knows what the man would be apt to say under the circumstances, and so she has provided him with a stopper, and has ordained that whenever he hits his thumb hard enough to hurtand it doesn't take very much to nearly kill a man when he is doing something he doesn't want toby a sort of interlocking system the thumb flies into his mouth and stops him up, so that he can't say anything. Some men whom you and I know should be provided with an extra thumb which they might carry about in their hand all the time it wasn't in active use. It would be a great thing, wouldn't it?