My beloved companions:--A deep sense of the swiftness... South Union, Ky., Apr. 1865. My Beloved Companions :A deep sense of the swiftness of time admonishes me that my days on earth are rapidly fading away, and I am impressed to write my unwavering faith in the testimony of the blessed gospel of Christ, manifested through our ever blessed Mother Ann, also my fervent desire for the prosperity, honor and well-being of our home in South Union. That this may be honorably effected let each one feel resolutely determined t/O keep the gospel Orders sacredly, as they were given to us. 'Order is heaven's first law,' and in this comes a blessing. Every one who has the least capacity for business can see there has been a people, here in this place, who have made a willing sacrifice of self and selfish interests. They gave their lives t At this date the Societies in Ky., and especially the one at South Union, were reaping the fruits that had grown out of the War of the Rebellion. It was a period of lawlessness, and brought great anxiety to the Believers. Ed. to urge forward the wheel of progress, and labored hard to lay a foundation upon which other souls could build in safety. Let us consecrate our lives as they have done and build upon tha foundation which is laid. Be assured that all these buildings, with these extended improvements, together witb. the machinery and all the conveniences of our home have not grown to their present state by mere chance. Nay, in no wise. Those who established this Community, toiled diligently day and night to secure an inheritance. I now feel inexpressibly thankful that I enjoyed the privilege to live with Believers when good impressions could be easily made on the mind. Also that my soul was susceptible of receiving these good impressions and that I learned the necessity of living in obedience to the counsel of my guardians, that I might share in their love and approbation. Through all of my faithfulness I can feel the blessing of heaven, a treasure in the soul. I have no occasion to boast, but I do feel thankful for every sacrifice that I have ever made for the gospel, by the cross, while I know full well that through thoughtlessness, carelessness and ignorance I have made many blunders and often missed the strait path. Through purification and through humility my conscience has been led to take the proper steps by which to return to the right way, and this was by an honest confession of all that led me astray. I was taught to reverence and to love my superiors, and to maintain a good union with my equals, and to seek their forgiveness if any errors were manifested before them. In this I have enjoyed a blessing and a heavenly rest on earth, which could not have been enjoyed, had I wasted time in selfishness or in worldly pleasure. It was enjoined upon us to be true and honest; that it was wicked to tell that which was false or to^ hide the wrongs that were presented to us. We should never take that which belonged to another, in a clandestine manner, Bor openly without permission. We were instructed to let our love, nnion and good-will circulate throughout all the household of faith, as preferable to the cultivation of any partial r carnal union at home and abroad. We were to do unto others as we wculd that they should do unto us in like circumstances. A care was maintained that we should walk softly through the halls and rooms of the dwellings, and especially while in the house of worship. The doors must be closed gently, and while speaking the voice should be mild and pleasant. I received the impression that worked as a law in my mind that no false covering of goodness before mortals, would ever profit'me in anything, but that I should be known as I was at heart. For humanity's sake and individual honor, we should never stoop so low as to make sport, or ridicule any one who may have been so unfortunate as to become deformed by infirmity or old age. It is by no power of our own that we have escaped a like infirmity. Had we been born a cripple, an idiot or a slave, how could we have changed our condition? It is the same with all. We need take no credit to ourselves for what we are by nature. Let us be thankful for every talent given to us, and remember that where much is given, much will be required. These are days of sore. trial and deep tribulation, and great care is needed for the protection of souls. The whole south is disorganized, and a thoughtless indifference and recklessness, allows many daring outrages to be committed which are a discredit to those in or out of the Church. The religious interest is very low and the power of conscience seems to have lost its power for good. Our prayers are earnest and continued for the inexperienced, that they may take warning before they are beyond the power of mercy. As I work I cry, alas ! in view of the passing events and rely upon that power superior to my own. I have a staff to lean upon; a hope in adversity ; and through this I look for prosperity to the vineyard of our Lord. It is said that the darkest hour precedes the dawning day. It is now dark ! very dark ! ! Even childhood and youth share in the rebellious spirit that war and bloodshed has brought upon the land. Repentance is deferred and even true modesty and virtuous refinement is often sadly neglected. Yet wTe have the promise and wait patiently for the better day that is coming, when peace shall dwell in the land and righteousness in the hearts of men. In tender regard for all the human race, Farewell. Nancy E. Moore.