Shakers, N. Y. Mar. 1892. It is a general time of health. No one laid up with the Grippe, but some have colds and that is enough. Our good Elder Nathaniel Fry is suffering from a cancer. The several families are busy sawing their fire wood and getting ready for spring work on the land. We have been selling apples and potatoes. The price is one dollar per barrel. Last year they were worth three dollars. Elder Abraham Perkins and Br. Franklin youngs of Enfield, N. H., have made us a short visit. All were pleased to meet them and gave them a warm welcome. The Sisters at the Church and South families are busy making shirts. The music of the sewing machine is the first thing heard in the morning and the last thing at night. Elder Joseph Holden and Eldress Harriet Bullard have paid us flying visits, but they came and went so quickly that one could hardly catch a glimpse of them. We are endeavoring to keep the testimony alive and are praying for ourselves and for all others. J. B. Second Family. Mar. 1892. Some time has elapsed since we have written anything for the Manifesto, and when our pen is idle, we notice Watervliet is not represented in Home Notes; so we will again take up our pen. We were blest with a visit from our esteemed Elder Abraham Perkins, and Br. Franklin Youngs of Enfield, N. H., on Mar. 3rd. Elder Abraham is always a welcome visitor, as indeed, is every Brother and Sister, but he was doubly so at this time. Owing to his advanced age, we did not expect to have the pleasure of another visit from him. From our early childhood we have heard of Elder Abraham, and we feel that his life and example is, and should be, an encouragement to every Zion traveler. Coming among Believers in his youth, he has lived a life of consecration to the Lord; has fought the good fight, and overcome the world in his own soul, and now at the age of four score . and four, he can still proclaim the testimony of truth against sin in every form, and express his thankfulness for the gospel. When we think of the many bright stars that have shone so brilliantly in the firmament of our Zion, and are now passing from our mortal vision, the thought makes us sad, knowing there are so few to fill the vacant places and to minister the life and zeal of the gospel, as these precious souls have done. Elder Harvey Eads, so lately passed away, was another we had learned to love and esteem for his faithful and untiring zeal and devotion to the Cause. Health of Society good with few exceptions, among the aged. Elder Nathaniel is a great sufferer and may ere many days, pass away and be numbered with the saints who have gone before. We shall miss his bright example, his words of encouragement, and the life and zeal he has always shown in our worship. He has, for many years, stood for Zion's support, and a minister of love and peace. Weather at present is mild, snow fast melting. We extend our love and sympathy to the Society at Maine for the persecution they have lately met with. It comes from the same source that did the persecutions of Mother and our first parents in the gospel. We think should we ever visit Boston, we shall steer clear of the 'Boston Herald' fearing we might find among them a 'chile takin notes.'