Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. February. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1891. 28.78 2.25 in. 23 in. 1892. 23 .25 in. 21.25 in. Mar. 1892. And thus passes the winter, which used to be a long, cold season, full of ice and snow; the only reminder of summer being dried fruits. Now by the skill of manand woman the seasons are so intermingled, that the blessings of each, are, in a measure shared through the year. Canned fruits and vegetables nearly as good as fresh ones are possible. Flowers blooming in every part of the house, to counteract the too dry atmosphere of artificial heat; with now and then a surprise of crisp and delicate greens raised somehow and somewhere by our skillful brother Martin Jones, all contribute to add summer to winter; and when we can garner the sun's rays direct, as easily as we do the gelid stores of the winter king, we shall not mind whether it is December or May. Once upon a time only crows and snowbirds ventured into our icy latitude during winter, now we can count six different kinds of birds two of which really cheer us with song. Nor is the feathered songster all that brings us cheer. From the Granite Hills, welcome messengers have alighted in our midst. It was so good to see our worthy Elder Abraham once more in Lebanon; and to realize that though the snows of eighty-four winters have made hoary his locks, he is one of the number spoken of by the prophet, who because they wait upon the Lord shall in spirit, mount up with wings, shall renew their strength, etc. Bro. Franklin Youngs who accompanied him was also welcome to our home, and though it was a first visit, we trust it will be repeated oft, when in the near future, the isolation of our several Societies shall yield to the influence of a closer communion. Our venerated father Elder Daniel Boler, who has been quite a sufferer, is slowly improving. Job is not the only example of heroic patience and fortitude. May his last days like Job's contain a double blessing, for his upright life and walk with God have earned it. Health of family about as usual. No La Grippe, and we hope that no March wind will blow it toward us. A. J. C. Center Family. Mar. 1892. There is not much of anything going on at present. Br. Henry George with the help of some of the young Brethren, is at work building a silo in the west end of our cow barn. It is 8 ft. x 11 ft. and a little over 30 ft. deep. Our stock is in very nice shape much to the credit of Brother Henry. We have had quite a stormy month so far but to-day it shows some signs of returning spring. There is a little snow lying around, somewhat covering up the defective points of mother Earth. a company of three young folks (two of them teachers) attended a Teacher's Institute held at Chatham, N. Y., Mar. 711. It was very interesting and instructive, having some of the leading educational men of the State of New York as presiding officers. The majority of the family are enjoying good health, while several are afflicted with slight colds, showing that La Grippe is making a gentle though uninvited call and we all hope that he will not prolong his visit. Our good father Elder Abraham Perkins with Brother Franklin Youngs paid us a very interesting visit two weeks ago. Elder Abraham seemed to be enjoying quite good health considering his years. W. J. P. 3N~ortli Family. March, 1892. Nothing very special moving at our home except that the writer is in the healing apartments. Having fallen under the weather, of which we have had a great abundance, but was mercifully picked up and landed clear of the storm: is now about ready for another battle with wind and tide, and with whatever else constitutes the weather. I cannot stay long under conditions in which I have no faith, and against which I am fighting to the best of my ability. As we grow in understanding, we more and more realize that effect follows cause: and if we are not prompt to remove the first cause, the effects become cause for other effects, and if we are unwise, we go from bad to worse in geometrical ratio. No other way can a wise soul pursue, than to remove the first cause. To be ever learning, and never coming to a practical knowledge of the truth, would seem to indicate that the indulgence of self was the chief object of life. But to practice what of truth we know will lead us to the front from whence all truth doth flow. As the practice of the truth is the only thing that will make us free, there is no hope of salvation only in obedience. On the 17th ult. we were very much blessed in having our beloved Elder Abraham, and Br. Franklin Youngs from Enfield N. H. with us: we had a very interesting and profitable time. We had a very interesting and rather an amusing occasion, (though somewhat dangerous) getting our ice. AVith all our devices of springs, scratchers and vice, we were unable to control the ice coming down the slide; so we just loaded it on the sleighs and drew it down. We had set out to be willful, and make it come just as we wanted it; but for this season got beat: however, we are not discouraged and shall try again, if the powers that rule do not veto. Have been shipping quite a large quantity of hay and straw. It is a ques- j tion with us, whether we can keep up the fertility of the land with commercial fertilizers and sell off the hay and straw. We have commenced the experiment, and shall give it a thorough trial. If at the end of five or ten years, we find larger crops and better quality, it will be evidence, somewhat, of the success of the experiment. In kindest love, D. O.