Union Village, Ohio. Mar. 1892. To-day I feel unusually happy. Contentment and peace of mind fill my soul and the words of good Elder Joseph still ring in my ears. 'Surely, if people can not be happy here the fault must lie at the individual's own door.' Not what have I to be thankful for but what have not I to be grateful for. We are surrounded by kind and dear friends, always willing to help us in our trials as well as our joys. The Society meeting this morning was very entertaining and all must have felt encouraged and strengthened. Eloquent and interesting sentiments were expressed by several, namelyElder Joseph Slingerland, Elder Napoleon Brown, Leopold Goepper, Edward Webber, Eldress Ellen Ross, Mary A. Holland, Susan Liddell and Harriet Shepard. I trust I shall profit by what was said and be awake to take a decided interest in this home which we are all trying so hard to beautify. In telling a friend not long since some of the trials I was brought to bear and thinking the fault all lay with the party I was talking about, said he, 'I can make but one remark and that is, Do your duty and go ahead. Think what Jesus said at one time, 'What is that to thee, follow thou me.' ' This remark did me much good and I shall not forget it. We have had plenty of rain lately, but the health of the Society is good, although for a few weeks things looked serious enough, as La Grippe seemed determined to have a full introduction. I had almost forgotten to make mention of the most important news of all, and it was thiswe had a visit paid us not long since by two Brethren from Watervliet, Elder Henry Frederic and Br. Moore Mason. Elder Oliver Hampton has been at Watervliet the past week. On his return he will be greeted with a cheery 'Welcome home' by his Lyceum scholars, who have been impatiently waiting for him. We have only one sick person in our family at the present time. One person in particular deserving especial mention in Home Notes is our beloved Sister Emily Hampton. She wrestled with La Grippe a few weeks this winter, but is now about as well as usual. She is remarkably bright and active for one of her years. We all love and look upon Sister Emily as a precious jewel and hope she may be spared to us for many years to come. A. B. G.