Enfield, N. H. March, 1892. Deab Editor:It is with difficulty, that we bring ourselves to realize that these few representative lines are to be April Notes so swiftly has the winter passed, and we wonder a bit if the robins' notes will be as much belated as these will prove to be, each one of which should have been audible, or rather visible, a month ago. We cannot tolerate procrastination at all, so will say, it was not this insidious element that caused the delay, but'One left it for the other, and the other left it for one,' as is often the case, in matters of more vital importance even in our Community homes, where we aim, at least to have matters systematized. The removal of our worthy mother Laura Foster, from this rudimentary school to a higher department did not get forwarded. Beyond a doubt, she was greeted with a loving welcome home to the land of realities and light in season:no delays there. Having been almost entirely blind for the last few years, she must rejoice in her promotion: the elderly portion of our Society know of her genuine, sterling worth, while younger members who only have knowledge of her less active life, must have been impressed with her integrity of character. We say a kind farewell, without one regret, for we know her joy and satisfaction in the change is complete. We would not even mention the prevalence of the G- - - - -among us, (we cannot write the Avhole word) only as we wish to say a modified good riddance, and we modify, out of self-respect, none whatever for the tyrant, if any one, professional or non so, espies a microbe of this dread disease next winter, we do desire they clothe it with another name, for this one has become a curse. The ice harvest was completed earlier than is usual with us. We must belong to the conservative party, for the old fashioned wheelbarrow still does duty for us, in conveying it to the Office, Dining Hall and Infirmary, the Dairy having an especial provision in this line. No span of horses for this business, it would make our eyes open wide; however, we have enough as a rule, allowing that there are exceptions to all rules, even good ones, and 'Enough is as good as a feast.' We may not be able to tell about spaces of cream, nor an abundance of milk, yet, when we reflect upon the millions of human beings, whose cries for bread to sustain life are incessant, we say in humbleness of heart, would that others might share in our many blessings. With kind regards to all. E. B.