NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. February. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1891. 28.78 2.25 in. 23 in. 1892. 23 .25 in. 21.25 in. Mar. 1892. And thus passes the winter, which used to be a long, cold season, full of ice and snow; the only reminder of summer being dried fruits. Now by the skill of manand woman the seasons are so intermingled, that the blessings of each, are, in a measure shared through the year. Canned fruits and vegetables nearly as good as fresh ones are possible. Flowers blooming in every part of the house, to counteract the too dry atmosphere of artificial heat; with now and then a surprise of crisp and delicate greens raised somehow and somewhere by our skillful brother Martin Jones, all contribute to add summer to winter; and when we can garner the sun's rays direct, as easily as we do the gelid stores of the winter king, we shall not mind whether it is December or May. Once upon a time only crows and snowbirds ventured into our icy latitude during winter, now we can count six different kinds of birds two of which really cheer us with song. Nor is the feathered songster all that brings us cheer. From the Granite Hills, welcome messengers have alighted in our midst. It was so good to see our worthy Elder Abraham once more in Lebanon; and to realize that though the snows of eighty-four winters have made hoary his locks, he is one of the number spoken of by the prophet, who because they wait upon the Lord shall in spirit, mount up with wings, shall renew their strength, etc. Bro. Franklin Youngs who accompanied him was also welcome to our home, and though it was a first visit, we trust it will be repeated oft, when in the near future, the isolation of our several Societies shall yield to the influence of a closer communion. Our venerated father Elder Daniel Boler, who has been quite a sufferer, is slowly improving. Job is not the only example of heroic patience and fortitude. May his last days like Job's contain a double blessing, for his upright life and walk with God have earned it. Health of family about as usual. No La Grippe, and we hope that no March wind will blow it toward us. A. J. C. Center Family. Mar. 1892. There is not much of anything going on at present. Br. Henry George with the help of some of the young Brethren, is at work building a silo in the west end of our cow barn. It is 8 ft. x 11 ft. and a little over 30 ft. deep. Our stock is in very nice shape much to the credit of Brother Henry. We have had quite a stormy month so far but to-day it shows some signs of returning spring. There is a little snow lying around, somewhat covering up the defective points of mother Earth. a company of three young folks (two of them teachers) attended a Teacher's Institute held at Chatham, N. Y., Mar. 711. It was very interesting and instructive, having some of the leading educational men of the State of New York as presiding officers. The majority of the family are enjoying good health, while several are afflicted with slight colds, showing that La Grippe is making a gentle though uninvited call and we all hope that he will not prolong his visit. Our good father Elder Abraham Perkins with Brother Franklin Youngs paid us a very interesting visit two weeks ago. Elder Abraham seemed to be enjoying quite good health considering his years. W. J. P. 3N~ortli Family. March, 1892. Nothing very special moving at our home except that the writer is in the healing apartments. Having fallen under the weather, of which we have had a great abundance, but was mercifully picked up and landed clear of the storm: is now about ready for another battle with wind and tide, and with whatever else constitutes the weather. I cannot stay long under conditions in which I have no faith, and against which I am fighting to the best of my ability. As we grow in understanding, we more and more realize that effect follows cause: and if we are not prompt to remove the first cause, the effects become cause for other effects, and if we are unwise, we go from bad to worse in geometrical ratio. No other way can a wise soul pursue, than to remove the first cause. To be ever learning, and never coming to a practical knowledge of the truth, would seem to indicate that the indulgence of self was the chief object of life. But to practice what of truth we know will lead us to the front from whence all truth doth flow. As the practice of the truth is the only thing that will make us free, there is no hope of salvation only in obedience. On the 17th ult. we were very much blessed in having our beloved Elder Abraham, and Br. Franklin Youngs from Enfield N. H. with us: we had a very interesting and profitable time. We had a very interesting and rather an amusing occasion, (though somewhat dangerous) getting our ice. AVith all our devices of springs, scratchers and vice, we were unable to control the ice coming down the slide; so we just loaded it on the sleighs and drew it down. We had set out to be willful, and make it come just as we wanted it; but for this season got beat: however, we are not discouraged and shall try again, if the powers that rule do not veto. Have been shipping quite a large quantity of hay and straw. It is a ques- j tion with us, whether we can keep up the fertility of the land with commercial fertilizers and sell off the hay and straw. We have commenced the experiment, and shall give it a thorough trial. If at the end of five or ten years, we find larger crops and better quality, it will be evidence, somewhat, of the success of the experiment. In kindest love, D. O. Shakers, N. Y. Mar. 1892. It is a general time of health. No one laid up with the Grippe, but some have colds and that is enough. Our good Elder Nathaniel Fry is suffering from a cancer. The several families are busy sawing their fire wood and getting ready for spring work on the land. We have been selling apples and potatoes. The price is one dollar per barrel. Last year they were worth three dollars. Elder Abraham Perkins and Br. Franklin youngs of Enfield, N. H., have made us a short visit. All were pleased to meet them and gave them a warm welcome. The Sisters at the Church and South families are busy making shirts. The music of the sewing machine is the first thing heard in the morning and the last thing at night. Elder Joseph Holden and Eldress Harriet Bullard have paid us flying visits, but they came and went so quickly that one could hardly catch a glimpse of them. We are endeavoring to keep the testimony alive and are praying for ourselves and for all others. J. B. Second Family. Mar. 1892. Some time has elapsed since we have written anything for the Manifesto, and when our pen is idle, we notice Watervliet is not represented in Home Notes; so we will again take up our pen. We were blest with a visit from our esteemed Elder Abraham Perkins, and Br. Franklin Youngs of Enfield, N. H., on Mar. 3rd. Elder Abraham is always a welcome visitor, as indeed, is every Brother and Sister, but he was doubly so at this time. Owing to his advanced age, we did not expect to have the pleasure of another visit from him. From our early childhood we have heard of Elder Abraham, and we feel that his life and example is, and should be, an encouragement to every Zion traveler. Coming among Believers in his youth, he has lived a life of consecration to the Lord; has fought the good fight, and overcome the world in his own soul, and now at the age of four score . and four, he can still proclaim the testimony of truth against sin in every form, and express his thankfulness for the gospel. When we think of the many bright stars that have shone so brilliantly in the firmament of our Zion, and are now passing from our mortal vision, the thought makes us sad, knowing there are so few to fill the vacant places and to minister the life and zeal of the gospel, as these precious souls have done. Elder Harvey Eads, so lately passed away, was another we had learned to love and esteem for his faithful and untiring zeal and devotion to the Cause. Health of Society good with few exceptions, among the aged. Elder Nathaniel is a great sufferer and may ere many days, pass away and be numbered with the saints who have gone before. We shall miss his bright example, his words of encouragement, and the life and zeal he has always shown in our worship. He has, for many years, stood for Zion's support, and a minister of love and peace. Weather at present is mild, snow fast melting. We extend our love and sympathy to the Society at Maine for the persecution they have lately met with. It comes from the same source that did the persecutions of Mother and our first parents in the gospel. We think should we ever visit Boston, we shall steer clear of the 'Boston Herald' fearing we might find among them a 'chile takin notes.' Shaker Station, Conn. 'Praying always with all prayer,' saith the Apostle. When we pray to our heavenly Father, it is an acknowledgment of our dependence on Him. We should live day by day in the spirit of prayer. How blessed is the thought that we can be engaged in prayer when performing our daily duties. Our supplication can ascend to God without moving our lips. No matter how earnest or zealous we may be, without prayer and watchfulness we shall be overcome by the Adversary of souls. Watching and prayer is a safeguard each hour. Let us strive to attain to this prayerful spirit, and commit all our trials and burdens to One, who has promised to guide and protect those who trust in Him. 3417 spaces of cream were sold in Feb. A large crop of ice. We should be generous to our poultry. One third each of wheat, oats and buckwheat steamed, is an excellent ration for hens. Why poultry should be expected to be profitable without care more than any other stock is what we do not understand. It is the little matters that should receive the most careful attention, as the observance of method and system is certain to prove beneficial at all times. Poor nests will not be occupied by hens if they can get better places to lay. High perches often cause deformed feet. The prevention of dampness in the house avoids roup, which is a terrible scourge in a flock. D. Orcutt. Ayer, Mass. March, 1892. The way to be happy is not to try too hard to be so (for selfish purposes) but we enjoy the purest of happiness by trying to make others happy. There is no place that needs so much the sunbeams of cheerfulness and happiness, as does the chamber of the sick. Under the burden of hours of pain or wasting away by some fell disease it becomes our privilege as faithful attendants to bring to them the beauty of the sunbeams of cheerfulness. Riches never brought true happiness, although they may be one of the primary necessities of a life upon the earth. Many cheerful spirits are leaning upon the toils of to-day for the food which to-day demands. It is a cheerful trust in Providence. Such dispositions would exhibit a loving spirit whether in a palace or in a cottage. Some persons are constantly beset with difficulties. Nearly everything goes wrong and you will probably find that there is 'a want' somewhere. A want of changed conditions; a want may be of more wealth than Providence has seen proper to bestow. This we may call a canker of the heart, and it is the destroyer of all happiness: hence the great wisdom of the Scripture injunction:'Seek first the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness,' and then if we are not happy with our surroundings, we should awaken to more interest in temporal duties or to a change of heart or disposition. I am often admonished by the wise words of our fathers and mothers, who. while speaking of their journey in life, taught us the necessity of a contented spirit. It was to them a continual feast and worked out the great problem of community life. 'There is nothing that helps us to feel that our lives have been worth living, so much as the humble and grateful consciousness that we have helped some other soul to fulfill its destiny.' The unwelcome visitor which we so reluctantly carried into the New Year still holds a firm Grippe upon some of our little family. During these visitations our anxiety increases, although our hope stimulates us to work carefully and patiently. Fire wood is all sawed and the larger part well housed. A. D. B. Enfield, N. H. March, 1892. Deab Editor:It is with difficulty, that we bring ourselves to realize that these few representative lines are to be April Notes so swiftly has the winter passed, and we wonder a bit if the robins' notes will be as much belated as these will prove to be, each one of which should have been audible, or rather visible, a month ago. We cannot tolerate procrastination at all, so will say, it was not this insidious element that caused the delay, but'One left it for the other, and the other left it for one,' as is often the case, in matters of more vital importance even in our Community homes, where we aim, at least to have matters systematized. The removal of our worthy mother Laura Foster, from this rudimentary school to a higher department did not get forwarded. Beyond a doubt, she was greeted with a loving welcome home to the land of realities and light in season:no delays there. Having been almost entirely blind for the last few years, she must rejoice in her promotion: the elderly portion of our Society know of her genuine, sterling worth, while younger members who only have knowledge of her less active life, must have been impressed with her integrity of character. We say a kind farewell, without one regret, for we know her joy and satisfaction in the change is complete. We would not even mention the prevalence of the G- - - - -among us, (we cannot write the Avhole word) only as we wish to say a modified good riddance, and we modify, out of self-respect, none whatever for the tyrant, if any one, professional or non so, espies a microbe of this dread disease next winter, we do desire they clothe it with another name, for this one has become a curse. The ice harvest was completed earlier than is usual with us. We must belong to the conservative party, for the old fashioned wheelbarrow still does duty for us, in conveying it to the Office, Dining Hall and Infirmary, the Dairy having an especial provision in this line. No span of horses for this business, it would make our eyes open wide; however, we have enough as a rule, allowing that there are exceptions to all rules, even good ones, and 'Enough is as good as a feast.' We may not be able to tell about spaces of cream, nor an abundance of milk, yet, when we reflect upon the millions of human beings, whose cries for bread to sustain life are incessant, we say in humbleness of heart, would that others might share in our many blessings. With kind regards to all. E. B. Sabbathday Lake, Me. Mar. 1892. We almost know that winter is over. At the present writing we have but very little snow on the ground.' The lumbermen are having a hard time striving to get their logs out of the forests and with all they can do a greater part of them will have to remain in the woods until another winter. The time is drawing near when we shall have bright, warm days and enjoy the cultivation of our beautiful flowers, some of which we are already starting under glass for early blossoming. Sisters are busy on their sale work and whenever a stormy day presents itself the services of the Brethren are enlisted sawing out boards for boxes &amp;c. We were very much interested reading in the last Manifesto of that good meeting at Enfield, N. H. Our meetings are also profitable and we should be glad if the testimonies which are borne with such earnestness by our Brethren and Sisters could be heard by thousands and be to them the same blessing that they are to the small number who are thus privileged. A. S. C.