THE KENTUCKY REVIVAL. By Richard M'Nemar OF Union Village, Ohio. Published in Albany, N. Y., in 1808. No. 16. Explanations. Br. Stone, in the introduction to his Letters on Atonement, observes that the arguments used by his opponents, are 'bold unscriptural assertions, hard names, delusion, error, doctrines of devils, Arminianism, Socinianism and Deism. Such arguments,' say he 'have no effect on a candid mind, but they powerfully influence dupes and bigots. The candid look for tru^h and plain unequivocal arguments.' Who then could he suppose would be influenced by the following statement in the postscript of his reply to Campbell's strictures ? 'You have heard, no doubt, before this time, of the lamentable departure of two of our preachers, and a few of their hearers from the true gospel, into wild enthusiasm, or Shakerism. They have made shipwreck of faith, and turned aside to an old woman's fables, who broached them in New England about twenty-five years ago. These wolves in sheep's clothing have smelt us from afar, and have come to tear, rend and devour.' If bold unscriptural assertions and hard names are wrong, I presume Br. Stone's postscript is not exactly right. What plain unequivocal ai'gument was ever advanced to prove that the conduct of these men, in a single instance answered to such a bold assertion. When Benjamin Youngs was forbidden to speak at Concord, by R. Marshal and B. W. Stone, the only reply he made was, 'I am sorry to see you abusing your own light.' When to these innumerable hard speeches, are added, their inviting these strangers to their houses, stopping them at the door when they came, and forbidding them to enter, or at other times ordering them from their houses and laying them under the necessity of seeking their lodging among the weeds, and by such acts of inhumanity as a Deist would be ashamed of, encouraging a spirit of persecution ; I think the Christians may well acknowledge that all their thoughts, words and actions, have not always been exactly right. 'What but the example of this latest genus of Christians could have instigated any part of a free and friendly republic, to beset the houses of the Shakers in the night, assault their persons with clubs and stones, break their windows and burn their place of worship, throw down their fences, and turn in beasts to destroy their grain, cut and tear to pieces their apple trees, crop and disfigure their horses, beat and abuse some of their bodies, and fcy every kind of mockery, railing and cursing, collaring and threatening, disturb and molest them in their worship. Did the citizens of Ohio and Kentucky, know of a truth, that it was the meek and humble followers of Jesus Christ that they were treating in this manner? Nay verily, but a people as they supposed, of the most corrupt and mischievous principles. As I apprehend the general statement which the Christians gave of their principles was not exactly right, I shall mark ut some of those mistakes. The first rough lineaments of Shakerism portrayed on the public mind, were, that it went to disannul and cast away the Bible, to set up the word of man in room of it, to deny Jesus Christ, the resurrection and final judgment, to throw away the gospel and seek salvation by the works of the law. That these Shakers were enemies to the revival and came to destroy it. Their scheme was to get the land and property from the people, by parting man and wife, ruining and breaking up families. That they actually forbade to marry, and commanded to abstain from meats, and therefore without hesitation, they were seducing spirits, and their doctrine that of devils. This general draught laid a foundation for great improvement, both upon their principles and practice. The Christian minister, who set the example of characterizing from his own private studies, without any personal acquaintance, had soon abundance of followers who felt entirely at liberty to publish any thing which a fruitful imagination was capable of composing, and from this source it was, that the public generally received their information. Such reports and conjectures, of which there was an infinite variety, were generally taken upon the authority that Mr. Such-a-one heard a man say, that he saw a woman, who had it from a very respectable man, who saw the person who saw it. But in some instances, persons said to be of great respectability, would affirm, whether they meant with their natural eyes or the eyes of imagination, that they themselves saw such things. For such liberty Br. Thompson, no doubt, laid a foundation in the following sentence of his letter of April. 'I see the mark of the beast on that church as plain as 1 see this paper while I write, and I know that I see it by the light of God.' In the light of the same god, I doubt not but ten thousand beastly actions have been seen among this people; not one of which, the Christians, and all the world to help them, are able to prove, after sending out spies and watching their houses by day and night. It has ever been foreign from the feelings of the Believers, to counterplead such vague insinuations. They believe that God has called them to another work, in the progress of which the truth will show itself without any strife of words. Bat as a number of things of considerable weight have been stated by way of objection, which have been maintained with some show of argument, I shall briefly investigate some of those particulars, merely to show the difference of sense and understanding on those subjects according to the evidence on both sides. The Christian minister, after forbidding the Shakers to speak or the people to hear them, roundly asserts : lOP' 'These men say that we are in a new dispensation, that Christ is come the second time, and the resurrection and final judgment begun.' The young Believer would reply : 'Very well: A new dispensation is what every enlightened soul has been looking for and the coming of Christ is that for which ten thousands have been praying; and he must now be somewhere on earth, if the Scriptures are true. For the time is up, according to Daniel, John, and all the prophets, for the sanctuary to be cleansed, and the power of the holy people restored ; the authority of antichrist taken away, and the saints to possess the kingdom. And what other resurrection is there to life, but to come out of that state of sin into which the first Adam fell, and come into Christ the second. Adam, who is the resurrection and the life ? The matter we now animate and which is constantly upon the change, we are not to expect after its dissolution, to be again subtracted from the elements of this globe and re-possessed in its primitive form, at the expense of every other body with which it may have been incorporated. What other final judgment are wre to expect, but simply and honestly, in the presence of God, and Christ, and before the saints who are appointed to judge the world, confess all that we have ever done amiss, repair our wrongs, set out to forsake every evil, and grow up into Christ, as the infant grows into a man ? There is a natural body, and there is a spiritual body ; the former belongs to the fall, the latter to the resurrection. Therefore it is not old skulls and decayed flesh that are to be raised up in glory, but that spiritual body of which we are called to be members; which is already raised up by the power of God, and ascending into the heaven of heavens, far out of sight from this lost world. 'These men say that each one of them is a Christ, and we must throw away our Bibles, and follow them.' This statement is not exactly right. They testify that there is but one Christ, whose footsteps they follow, and though they are by nature no better than other men, yet in following Christ they may be safely followed, according to the Scriptures. If three honest republicans, in order to reclaim a band of tories, should invite them to become their followers even as they followed George Washington or Thomas Jefferson, would this furnish a sufficient reason for stating that each of these men professed to be a Thomas Jefferson? and therefore they must be liars, there being only one man in America of that name. Or if these tories had a copy of the United States' Laws, which they abused, would it be proper for them to say that the honest citizens wanted them to throw away their law-book, because they would have them to live according to these laws? With no less impropriety were the Shakers charged with professing to be each a Christ, and requiring the Christians to throw away their Bibles. The subjects of the revival had unanimously believed that Christ would make his abode and appear in man, and that it was their privilege to believe and follow the truth delivered by man, according to that measure in which it was opened and revealed. This was certainly the faith of brother Thompson himself, when in the spirit of the revival, as appears from the following expression, in a letter, dated April, 1803 : 'The Lord may have made known to one what another.is ignorant of. I bless God that He has made you capable to teach me in the things of God.' And even in his letter of April, 1805, he has so much remaining candor as to say: 'God in mercy visited your soul with light while I remained in darkness. He sent you to this country with the light to sow it here, and made you the instrument of bringing the heavenly fire to Springfield, where my soul caught the flame of this revival. Ever since that time you are in my heart to live and die with you.' (to be continued.)