The Believers who went to Ohio in 1800 as missionaries... The Believers who went to Ohio in 1800 as missionaries, were subjected to more or less petty persecutions. The new lights or schismatics who had seceded from the Presbyterian church and were preaching in the revival meetings, a doctrine at variance with their former faith, held the authority during the times of service and willed who should and who should not speak. Some of these so-called religious bodies have at times very singular freaks that are called manifestations of the spirit. The very same thing if it should appear in any other body of men would be regarded as underhanded and mean. The Brethren had been invited to attend a meeting that was under the direction of several of the anti-presbyterian ministers. They went in good faith and expected to take part in the exercises, but those ministers of this world were wiser in their generation and in their audacity than their invited guests and in some dark hour or dark corner had met together and voted that their visitors should not be allowed to speak one word during the meeting. By the ungodly of this world, this would be called sharp practice, but in this case we shall call it incipient, religious persecution. These ministers of the gospel ( ?) in seemingly good faith had invited their Brethren to be with them and then took the opportunity, individually to ventilate their minds by denunciations and the free use of vile epithets. Of course there were no stakes, no chains and no faggots preparatory to a burning. That had gone by, but such men only needed the right of a dominant power to have produced a first class Smithfield burning for the glory of God. Persecutions, wherever they may be, are always the outbursts of the lowest passion of man. It makes but little difference what the designated term may be, whether Holy Inquisitors, Ku Klux or White Caps or whether it comes in the form of an excommunication, an imprisonment, an execution or a holocaust. Some of these instances of diabolical temper flame, are phenomenal, and one of the remarkably singular features is, that those professing to have forgiving minds and even in their theological zeal can put a premium on wickedness, and then in a heated passion, on the addition or omission of only one letter in some theological word, are ready to brand the honest disputant as a heretic and destroy his life by inflicting the most excruciating torture that the human mind can invent. Indeed, more of the brotherhood of man can do no harm.