Editorial. It may not be an objectionable feature in the life... It may not be an objectionable feature in the life of a Christian, to be interested in that which makes the heart to rejoice. Holiness, honesty, truthfulness and a general consideration for others can never pass without its reward of peace and happiness. These are appreciated as among the treasures that are worthy to be placed beyond the reach of moth and,rust, and in this world and that to come, they will be treasures over which one may always reap the reward of 'Well Done.' But to rejoice when despoiled of our hard earned earthly pittance and enter into prayer for those who are our active persecutors is quite another thing. The very essence of life is in obtaining and in being able to hold all that may accrue to our advantage through temporal blessings and no less through heavenly assurance. It was in the early part of the mission of Jesus that he found it so necessary to acquaint the disciples of the great privileges of their high calling. They had accepted a new order of life. They were learning to become the sons of God and this certainly was antagonistic to the selfish life of the world. It would create talk. It would arouse persecution. Ignorant and prejudiced minds would oppose the more virtuous life, and if necessary, use force to destroy it. Persecutions had existed in the world from the earliest day. Hardly had the gates of Eden been closed to the family of Adam before a dispute arose which terminated fatally in the death of the younger brother. This was the first step in religious persecution. The selfish propensities in the composition of man were so liberally bestowed that 'Might,' as a general rule, became 'Right,' and accepted every opportunity to destroy whatever came in its way. Jesus, without doubt, knew that the prophets had been killed, and that many other messengers sent from God had been stoned and he could easily foresee the persecutions that would overtake his defenceless disciples. As an encouragement to them under these afflictions, he says,'Be happy when men shall persecute you and speak evil against you falsely.' To accept this doctrine was indeed, to accept something new and so new that it had never before been known on the earth. It was decidedly beyond what Moses and the prophets had taught. Instead of hatipg our enemies, we must love them as we love ourselves. The secret of success in every human being is to learn to do right. To possess an exceeding righteousness and to sustain this in advance of the righteousness of the children of this world. When Moses said, 'An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth,' he was teaching a growing principle of righteousness that stood before other nations, and yet to-day we should call this treatment inhuman. The destruction of the Sepoys at the mouth of the cannon by Christian England, was its best idea of right, but it was at variance with the teaching of Jesus. The murdering and imprisoning of those who chose to think for themselves was as heathenish as were the English and not at all in harmony with the sermon on the mount. It is quite another thing for us to suffer persecution for righteousness' sake, than it would be for us to make others suffer. 'Happy are ye when men shall say all manner of evil against you falsely.' And this they will do against any person or any class of persons who may accept and teach others to move forward into any increasing light. Here comes the grand opportunity to exercise the patience of the saints. Overcome evil with good. Live in the light, so that whatever may be said or written may bear the genuine stamp of the great and good Teacher.