Ayer, Mass. March, 1892. The way to be happy is not to try too hard to be so (for selfish purposes) but we enjoy the purest of happiness by trying to make others happy. There is no place that needs so much the sunbeams of cheerfulness and happiness, as does the chamber of the sick. Under the burden of hours of pain or wasting away by some fell disease it becomes our privilege as faithful attendants to bring to them the beauty of the sunbeams of cheerfulness. Riches never brought true happiness, although they may be one of the primary necessities of a life upon the earth. Many cheerful spirits are leaning upon the toils of to-day for the food which to-day demands. It is a cheerful trust in Providence. Such dispositions would exhibit a loving spirit whether in a palace or in a cottage. Some persons are constantly beset with difficulties. Nearly everything goes wrong and you will probably find that there is 'a want' somewhere. A want of changed conditions; a want may be of more wealth than Providence has seen proper to bestow. This we may call a canker of the heart, and it is the destroyer of all happiness: hence the great wisdom of the Scripture injunction:'Seek first the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness,' and then if we are not happy with our surroundings, we should awaken to more interest in temporal duties or to a change of heart or disposition. I am often admonished by the wise words of our fathers and mothers, who. while speaking of their journey in life, taught us the necessity of a contented spirit. It was to them a continual feast and worked out the great problem of community life. 'There is nothing that helps us to feel that our lives have been worth living, so much as the humble and grateful consciousness that we have helped some other soul to fulfill its destiny.' The unwelcome visitor which we so reluctantly carried into the New Year still holds a firm Grippe upon some of our little family. During these visitations our anxiety increases, although our hope stimulates us to work carefully and patiently. Fire wood is all sawed and the larger part well housed. A. D. B.