WHICH SPIRIT? Dr. Carl Semelroth. The Apostle speaks of the possibility of believers receiving another spirit which they had not received at first. When Jesus said to the apostles who sought to call down fire from heaven and destroy those who did not accept their words, that they knew not what manner of spirit they were of. The Spirit of God is of love and labor. It is the spirit of Him who created all things and who works in Ms people to benefit and bless and save all mankind. It is not the spirit of idleness or self-seeking. It is the spirit of him who said ' I must wTork the work of him that sent me' and who said,'the zeal of thine house hath eaten me up.' If we have a spirit that shirks the labor or shuns the work which God has bidden us do, a spirit which seeks for ease and covets personal comfort and enjoyment, then we may doubt whether the spirit of Christ dwells in us. The spirit of Christ is a spirit of prophecy, a spirit of proclaiming, a spirit of invitation, for 'the spirit and the bride say come.' It is the spirit that loves and yearns over lost men, that pities the perishing and invites and entreats and seeks to bring home all mankind to the blessed gospel of love into the Master's fold. It is far from the spirit that seeks for worldly gain and earthly glory or pleasure, for the friendship of the world is enmity with God. It is the spirit which enables us to sing with the spirit and understanding, and helps us to find our place of prayer where the spirit is to discern of something that is around us that we may be saved from deception and misleading. It truly is the spirit of truth which causes us to love truth and hate error. It is the spirit which sometimes wrorks wonders, for God hath given to some the gift of healing and the working of miracles by the same spirit. It is the spirit of power and of love, and of a sound mind. It is the spirit which bears the fruit of love, joy, peace, long-suffering, meekness, gentleness and faith and enables those who possess the spirit to crucify the flesh with the affections and desires. As many as are led by the spirit of God they are the sons and daughters of God. But if none have the spirit of Christ they are none of his. Let those wlio know the power of the Holy Spirit see to it that they quench not the spirit, that they grieve not the Holy Spirit of God. And let those wTho have not yet known the force of the spirit of love and truth, seek to know it as it comes from God who will give unto them that spirit so that being partakers of the spirit of God they shall be the sous and daughters or God,'the Father and Mother, and the heirs of everlasting glory. Peoria, Ill.