CHARLIE'S FAITH. 'Father and son stood side by side Gazing o'er fields and orchards wide, Acres of corn were turning white, Withering fruit trees met their sight. 'Charlie, my son' the farmer said, 'Look at the corn, the wheatall dead. Why must I lose my fruit, my grain, Which might be saved by one day's rain.' Thoughtful a moment looked the boy, His bright eyes beamed with holy joy, 'Father, you told me once to pray For what I wanted, day by day. Many an answer's come to me When I've in earnest bowed the knee. Ask what you will it shall be done, Said our High Priest and God's dear son. 'I'll kneel right here beneath the treesLet my petition with the breeze Rise to the ear of the Holy One, Maker of earth, the stars and sun. He'll hear the prayers of those who strive To seek their crowns beyond the skies.' Upward he gazed, a smile of hope Lighted his features as he spoke. 'Jesus send down the cooling rain, Else this year's toil will be in vain. Elias prayed and thou did'st hear, Hear us, whom thy dear name revere.' Rising, he said; 'the rain will come Ere sets to-morrow's burning sun. Father have faith, do not despair, But lift to God another prayer.' Speedly came the boy's reply, Darker became the summer sky, Thunder and lightning, pealed and flashed, Charlie his parent's hand then clasped. 'Father,' he said, 'See prayer has power To bring from heaven this cooling shower. Nothing we need will be denied If by Christ's precepts we abide.' Dear Youth and Children:I think you may learn a lesson of faith in God, and of the power of prayer by reading this simple narrative. It is beautiful. I wish all had as strong faith as this little boy. Though some expressions in the piece are objectionable, like appealing to Jesus, yet underneath there is a deep feeling of confidence and trust in a higher power. It is to this faith and trust I would have your minds center. External things will readily attract from the internal, unless the whole being is absorbed with a desire for spiritual things. Faith and a sweet confiding trust in the Order of God wTill bring them. Plentiful showers of blessing will fall from the bright world above sufficient for every lamb of the fold. But how simple and child-like you must be to receive them, and above all you must be pure and clean. Then when you ask for a Father's protection and a Mother's love, and are willing to bow the knee, as did this child of faith when he prayed for rain, you will receive. Let Christ rule the stubborn will and subdue the obdurate heart in you, then every spiritual and temporal blessing will be yours to enjoy. And as you stay the flood-tide of youthful temptations by relying upon this higher power and keep in control every passion of nature by a daily cross, in time the world will look upon you as Saviors of the race. All power will be given you. Even the winds and storms obeyed himour Elder Brotherbecause the Christ was in him. So may this quickening spirit permeate and abide with you, is the sincere prayer of your true friend and gospel Sister, Anna White. [From the Boston Journal.]