HEALTH NOTES FROM MT. LEBANON. Martha J. Anderson. The Culinary Department.It is essential to good health that meals should be eaten at regular intervals; and in the orderly round of our Shaker life, we never vary from stated hours. Breakfast is at six in the summer, half an hour later in winter; dinner at twelve and supper at six. We have a light and airy kitchen, divided into cooking, baking and dining rooms; good soapstone ovens, heated with coal from beneath; a first-class range with large copper boiler; suitable cookingutensils, mostly agate ware, Avith plenty of hot and cold water in the various departments, and this makes our work comparatively easy. We have also another model arrangement, a cooling room on a level with the kitchen, which saves much backache and weariness, and answers the place of a refrigerator, or down-stairs cellar. It is built of stone by the side of the coal receiver; around the sides are coils of iron pipe through which the cold mountain water circulates, and passes into two Portland cement sinks where we set away the food in earthen crocks, and we find it keeps much better than when put on ice. There are some board shelves at the side, which we find very convenient. For a family of between fifty and sixty members, we have six sisters and a little girl to perform kitchen duties, and one to attend to company; no other work is required of them outside the culinary department; these change with others every second or third monthfrom four to six weeks is a term. It lessens the labor considerably not to cook meat, and after some twenty years' experience we find we can do as well without it. There are veteran vegetarians among us who have worked many years in the field of reform, but with most of us it has been a gradual growth. Our breakfast usually consists of oatmeal or wheat mush, baked or boiled potatoes, tomatoes cooked with milk and bread crumbs, warm apple sauce and Graham pie. Dinner is more varied. There are three kinds of vegetables, sometimes the addition of soup, plain fruit sauce, either pie, pudding or other desert. SupperBoiled rice with sugar and cream, or mashed potato, tomato stew, apples baked or in sauce, and preserves. We frequently have the addition of fresh creamed cottage cheese or crisp celery; the latter we think good for the nerves. The green stalks of celery are cut up in small pieces and cooked until tender, which takes several hours. Season when half done; when ready to take up add a little thickened milk or cream, and put on nice fresh slices of toasted bread. The water in which the potatoes are boiled makes a delicious soup, by adding a little egg batter, a pinch of parsley, seasoning, and a cup of milk, cream, or a bit of butter The best part of the potatoes is usually thrown away. We put up three or four hundred gallons of tomatoes every season. Cooked in various ways and eaten in moderate quantities; we consider them a healthful article of food. Our chief method is this: To one quart of boiling tomato add one quart of cold milk (if it all strings together do not be alarmed it will boil out;) when it foams up well, add some rolled cracker or bread crumbs, let it boil the third time, season to the taste with salt and pepper, add a little cream or butter and serve boiling hot from a covered dish. 'Anti-fowl potpie' (as one of the sisters has named it) is made thus: Prepare the dough as you would for bread, either Graham or white; when it is light cut it off in small pieces and put it on a steamer in a tightly covered cooker; it takes about an hour and a half to steam; have ready a gravy made of hot water thickened with drawn butter, or cream and flour paste; season to the taste, and add a little fresh parsley, put the dumplings in a large dish and pour the gravy on them. Tea and coffee are used on our table in moderate quantities, no one taking more than one cupful at a meal; some prefer hot water. Hot beverages should be made of freshly boiled water; if it has stood in the tea-kettle over night it is not fit for use. iSTo one can well abstain from a meat diet unless he has good bread. We have three kinds on the table at each meal; white bread, also unleavened and leavened bread made of unbolted wheat, which is washed and ground fresh at home every week. Warm rye and Indian bread, baked six hours in a covered iron dish is nice for break Last, so is oatmeal made into bread. With a moderate amount of skill and an interest in hygienic methods of preparing food, a good housekeeper can place on the table many appetizing dishes cooked without fat or soda, and the more one becomes accustomed to plain food, the finer grows the sense of taste, and rich greasy viands become alike obnoxious to sight, palate and stomach. Would it not be better for the poor to save their hard earned dollar and buy fruit for their families and thus prevent a feverish condition of the blood engendered by too much heavy food? We are increasing our fruit crop every year. Grapes are especially wholesome, and they are much cheaper and more palatable than drugs. Sickness.We have but little serious sickness in our family, and seldom call on the doctor. People are not as strong physically as were their ancestors; but those who come among us in ill health usually improve in a short time. Especially is it so with children; we have taken some very frail ones who have grown stronger; some must always battle with inherited tendencies to disease, but if they live strictly moral lives, and adhere to hygiene laws they will live more comfortably. Great good is attained in this direction by fortifying the mind against the ills of the body, and rising superior to them. We have not had a fever in the family for thirty years. Judicious water treatment, simple massage, and the use of hot herb drinks, are our methods of cure in cases of sickness. Heat and Ventilation.Three of our large houses are heated by steam. The dwelling containing the sleeping apartments breathe. In the roof, directly over the stairways at each end there is a large Archimedian ventilator; they are kept open in warm weather, but are closed in winter because cold air comes down in large quantities. In the base boards of the rooms are ventilators; also over the doors and in the chimneys. From the outside of the house directly back of the heater there is an aperture which conveys air up through the tubes of the radiators, so there is a warm as well as fresh atmosphere to breathe; it is a circulating current all through the room: the cold air is drawn from the floor and heated, so we have no cold feet nor overheated heads. Two inch width boards are used under the lower part of the windows; this gives a current of air between the sashes, and there is no draught. (TO BE CONTINUED.)