MESSIAHS. Hamilton DeGraw. Nothing is more indicative of the culmination of the old and the ushering in of the new dispensation that is about to unfold to the world higher spiritual revelations and possibilities of growth, than the Messianic movement that has simultaneously effected sensitives in different parts of the country. Drawn from the orbit of normal conditions, the erratic movements of those impressible minds puzzle the exoteric understanding of the masses and the too common conclusion is arrived at, viz., insanity. Preceding the expected Messiah in all ages, a period of intense unrest and disappointment pervaded the minds of mankind. Dissatisfaction with present social, religious and political conditions was prevalent. The expected Messiah was to right those wrongs and bring out of chaotic conditions order. The present essay is to dwell more particularly upon the one that directly preceded the present expected Messianic advent, viz., the mission and revelations of Ann Lee. Mother as her followers are pleased to speak and think of her. All the revelations that have come to man in the order of the Messiah, have heretofore been masculine. One very important object of her mission was to unfold the sublime and eternal truth of the Motherhood of God, and with what faithfulness she labored to give to the world evidence of the truth of her mission the present awakened thought of the world can testify. Beginning to realize the truth of the divine Motherhood the feminine principle is asserting itself in efforts for the emancipation of woman from the thraldom that ages of one-sided teaching have bound her. Like a mathematical problem easy after solution, so the truth of the Heavenly Parentage is dawning upon the race. Through intense suffering of both body and soul she travailed out of and above the environments that surround the ordinary mortal and became one of the world's Messiahs, an adept in the esoteric science of spiritual things. She asserted her right to enter the temple, the holy of holies, and there commune with the divine, and woe to any man that dare to deny her that right, as the career of her former husband, after his rejection of the revelation of God through her can testify. The question will be propounded, who was Ann Lee? She was the founder of the order of Shaker Com- salinities that have flourished for the last century in the United States. But the founding of a sect is a small matter when compared with the farreaching results of her complete mission. At the time of the great tidal wave f spiritual baptism that visited our Societies prior to the advent of modern Spiritualism, she said through one the inspired media that her mission would directly be closed and cease with her people and that she would go where she was not known or wanted. In all ages the higher revelations have first come to illuminated souls that far in advance of the body stand as an advance guard, and many times a forlorn hope, 'who take into their breasts the sheaf of hostile spears and break a path for the oppressed.' Such constitute the Messiah of their time and race, and such was Ann Lee. Her testimony so little understood eoie hundred years ago by only a chosen few of her direct followers, now through the evolution of soul is beingaccepted in its fullness or in part (according to development) by more than the organized body of her immediate followers. As the on-rolling ages unfold to human perception higher and more exalted thought, enrolled among the illustrious and illuminated saviors of the race, Ann Lee will hold the position of Mother in the new dispensation already dawning for the redemption of the race. Sonyea, N. Y.