All visible motion of the universe seems to be... Oliver C. Hampton. 'It was now dark and Jesus was not come to them.'Jno. vi., 17. All visible motion of the universe seems to be a rhythmic energy. Every thing in sight moves by pulsations. Some call this motion and rest, but there is no absolute rest. If there were, there would be death, but there is no death. If the least atom of the universe could experience 'death the entire universe could and would become annihilated at the same moment by the same law. Khythmic energy means more motion followed by less motion in everlasting alternation. This energy in electricity is called positive and negative, and might as well be so called in respect to every thing else. What other or better explanation can we make of the ideas of good and evil, than that they are the positive and negative poles of the same great Magnet? All energy is invisible, being hidden in the mysterious realm of cause. We see only its effects. The visible result of rhythmic energy is perpetual evolution from imperfect, toward more perfect conditions. A spider tried nineteen times to ascend a wall; the twentieth he succeeded. The Church of Christ has always moved in subordination to the great law of rhythmic energy. Immediately after Jesus' crucifixion the Church seemed almost to come to a standstill and Peter concluded to 'call it a half a day and go a fishing,' and Thomas and Nathaniel concluded to go along. But shortly the Pentecostal meeting came on and away went Peter and all the disciples to the opposite pole of the magnet. Winter and summer, day and nightseed-time and harvest are all so many illustrations of the great law of rhythmic energy ; pulsations in the heart of the visible universe. The movements changes and divers dispensations of the Church of Christ; her winter and summer, heats and colds, sorrows and joysdefeats and triumphs, are so many positive and negative states, all gradually wafting her along the great highway of evolution toward more and more perfect and happy conditions. This divine impetus, in spite of our miserable misgivings in times of comparative darkness, must, and surely will finally land every faithful believer in invulnerable peace and unspeakable glory and at-one-ment with God. Now although 'Jesus was not yet come unto them and it was now dark,' yet he was not far off and knew the exact moment to appear in their midst and not let them perish. So it is, just at the present crisis in the Church. The rhythmic energy of Christ's evangel is moving the Church calmly along through this 'winter of our discontent' toward a summer of beauty and a sweet emancipation from the present cold and sorrow. Only let us abound in faith and good works and shortly we shall bask in the sunshine of the song of the Judean Shepherd. 'He that goeth forth and weepeth .bearing precious seed shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him.' Let us all become optimists and cease hanging out blue lights. Let us remember the comfortable saying of the rapt Seer of old. 'For I know, saith the Lord, the thoughts I have concerning Jerusalem, thoughts of peace and not of evil; to give her an expected end.' And who knows how soon 'we shall come rejoicing, bringing in the sheaves ?' Union Village, Ohio.