Books and Papers. World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated New England Magazine The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Ladies' Home Journal We have received the last issue of the 'VVorld's Columbian Exposition IIlustkated,' the only authentic organ of the Great Fair. The object of this publication is to give a complete authentic historical record of the Columbian Exposition. It contains 32 pages of official proceedings, and will give photographic illustrations printed on Enameled paper, of all the Exhibits, Buildings, and attractions of the great Fair. As a work of Art, containing the most interesting information, it is invaluable to all who wish to keep up with the times and learn of the great International Enterprise. It will be published semi-monthly early in the fall, making eighteen copies for present year. Price, $4, postpaid; 25 cents a copy. Subscriptions taken at this office, where the paper can be seen, or send 25 cents for sample copy to J. B. CAMPBELL, Editor and Publisher 218 La Salle St., Chicago, III. ARMY AND NAVY SUPPLIES. The CJovernment Buying* Royal BakingPowder. New York Tribune. Large purchases of baking powder have recently been made by the United States' Gov eminent. In one lot 80,000 lbs. were bought of the Royal Baking Powder Company. During the last year, including- the contract just made under date of March 5, the Royal Baking Powder Company has supplied over 212,000 pounds, or 106 tons, of baking powder for the United States' Government and its Army and Navy officers. For many years the Government has given its orders for Royal Baking Powder in preference to all others, it being found that this is the only Baking Powder that will keep and retain its strength in the various climates to which it is sent by the Department. Whenever the Government wants the most trustworthy article and the best in quality it prefers the Royal, as this brand was found to be superior to all others in leavening power by the official chemical tests, made at the instance of the Government, in the Agricultural Department, at Washington. Allen Eastman Cross contributes a fine tribute to Cardinal Manning in the April New England Magazine. It is based upon a newspaper paragraph, which in noting his beneficence said that, at his funeral the best thing said of him was, ' 'He was good to the poor.' This alone is a noble epitaph.' Mr. Cross takes this for the title and central idea of his poem, which all lovers of Manning will cherish. The purchase and absorption of 'America,' the vigorous exponent of American principles, by the Chicago Graphic, has given a further impetus to the remarkable growth which this now celebrated illustrated weekly of the West has experienced. THE PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL for April is up to its standard in excellence, and contains an interesting sketch of Hobbs the 'Lock-picker,' a character of peculiar interest in America thirty years ago; is given also a portrait and sketch of Dr. H. A. Buttolph, one of the most distinguished of later-day physicians to the insane. There are other portraits and sketches of interest. Published by Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 777 Broadway, New York. A REMOVAL.The Fowler &amp; Wells Co., which has been located on Broadway, New York City, for nearly half a century, announces their removal to 25 East Twentyfirst street on the 1st of May, where a fine building is being remodeled for their use. The American girl is not slow to grasp a chance. Some time ago The Ladies' Home Journal organized a true education system for girls, and the magazine is now educating some forty odd girls at Vassar and Wellesley Colleges, and at the Boston Conservatory of Music, all the expenses of the girls being paid by the Journal.