NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. North Family. April, 1892. The spring opened upon us in a very promising manner, but we are now having a very cold wintry spell. Have sowed one field of oats, and are preparing other land for the good seed. It seems to be a time of great agitation in the world of ideas, but very little inclination to settle down to practical, un. selfish, right doing. We are bearing aloft the gospel testimony which is truth: it is mighty and will prevail. In kindest love, D. O. Shakers, N. Y. April came in full of warmth and sunshine, and we almost fancied summer was here. We were busy preparing for spring work, when lo! we felt the icy breath of chilling wind, which warned us that one sunny day does not make spring. A few oats have been sown. We had an unexpected visit a few weeks ago, from two very worthy and esteemed Brethren, Benjamin Gates and Levi Shaw, of Mount Lebanon. We were very much pleased to see them and regretted that their stay was so brief. We know the world moves, but Mount Lebanon and other Societies would miss their talents. As all are not blest wit : the same number of talents, yet we can lova and appreciate all our gospel friends, by kind words and deserving praise while they are still in the body with us. Instead of jealousy let us appreciate those who are blest with more talents than we are. So long as they will put them to a godly use;crucify self, and build up Zion. This is Christian, not worldly. We are pleased to say that our good and worthy Br. Chauncey Miller, who has been a sufferer for some time, is slowly gaining strength. May he be spared to counsel and cheer us many years, is the wish of his many friends. Our beloved Ministry arrived at the Valley on the 30th ult., in usual health, our good Elder Daniel not being able physically to come. We believe it is the first time during his long service in that Order, that he has failed to come to Watervliet with the rest of the Ministry. We regret his absence very much, but know with his present affliction it is the wisest course he could pursue. May warmer weather and renewed health bring him in our midst again. He has always been a minister of life and peace. While we are preparing the ground for earthly crops, let us not forget to prepare the spiritual part of our being also, for if we sow not, neither shall we reap, temporally; the same will apply spiritually. Has not the spiritual ground lain fallow long enough? Shaker Station, Conn. South ITainily-. Spring has arrived once more, bringing duties which faithfully performed give a present satisfaction and happiness to be constantly enjoyed. The more perfect the plans of action carried on by united and harmonious effort for the good of all, so much greater their attainment in loftiest virtue, and their exemplification of godlike principles and spirit. The Creator has filled the material world with analogies, which make an irresistible ap- peal to the attentive observer; every ob ject having the power to suggest ideas in. calculably more important than anything belonging to itself: 'God diffused through every part, God himself triumphant in every heart.' Spring has apparently come to stay, and we expect to commence farming this week. A little gardening has been done in this vicinity. Our firewood is about all housed and we are now thinking of the summer work. We have done a good deal of repairing this winter, and are now fitting up a large shed for grain in an out lot. Spring cleaning is rapidly advancing. But while laboring to be faithful in temporal things, we feel the need of so laboring that temporalities may be subordinated and truly related to the spiritual life. Our meetings are often scenes of spiritual satisfaction, where an abundant flowing of divine love and power may be experienced. It may not be out of place to mention the good ministration enjoyed by us on the occasion of good Elder Abraham and Br. Franklin's visit with us a short time ago. The health of our family, good and of the Society generally. M. W. Ayer, Mass. Spuing has come at last and the hills and valleys have for a long time been covered with snow and ice. This has melted away* before the genial rays of the sun to j give place to the beautiful green verdure that nature sends forth to invigorate and give new life. What an inspiration we feel while breaking away from the indoor prison where old j winter has held us with his icy grip. I With the music of the robins and the blue-! birds we march out into the sunshine of God's goodness and shake ourselves from the lethargy that has gathered upon us. O what a touch of inspiration old Sol has upon our being, as he sends his cheery rays down to us. It seems to sweeten all the sour places, ever telling us to cheer up and look above the clouds, where we shall find the sun is still shining. What a lesson to learn for life. When the burdens press upon us and we feel a little disposed to say so much and no more, how noble it is to look up into the sunshine and put on the armor of God. Let our hearts be full of words of love which are the brightest flowers of earth's existence. They make a very Paradise of the humblest home. They are jewels beyond price, and more precious to heal the wounded heart than all other blessings earth can give. To think kindly of each other is good; to speak kindlj is better, but to act kindly is the best of all. Let us have this the work of the day. Our thanks go out to Br. Daniel Orcutt for his words of wisdom to the young. None too much, none too plain. Discipline is the greatest former of character, and when we learn to bear the discipline that is necessary for a growth in grace and righteousness we shall have far better conditions in Society. Spring's work has commenced, ploughing and sowing. Our wood is all housed in good order with the expectation that some of us will stay another winter on this side of the river. Work done for God goes with us into Eternity. Work done for earth perishes with us. A. D. P&gt;.