East Canterbury, N. H. Weather Kecord, for Mar. 1892. Highest Temp, during the mo. 49. Lowest ' ' ' ' 3. Mean ' ' ' ' 26.6 Total rainfall and melted snow, 1.36 in. Snowfall, ' ' 6.50 in. N. A. Briggs. April, 1892. After a few days of rejoicing in the anticipation of an early spring, we are suddenly and unceremoniously thrown back into the climate that would have done credit to the month of March. That winter has gone, however, seems to be quite certain, as there is no snow to be seen and how can it be winter without snow? And then one or two little birds have ventured to return from their southern home and sing us the first songs for 1892. Such signs are unmistakable that spring is again near at hand and we shall console ourselves with the thought of 'The good time coming.' Some of the Brethren tell us that all their fire wood is sawed and housed. That certainly is good news and shows a commendable zeal, as the premises about the buildings can then put on better appearances, and yet a large pile of fire wood well sawed and split should rather make the heart glad than otherwise. In our door-yard we had not less than 250 cords of wood that was sawed by steam power. It is gradually moving toward the wood houses, but warmer days will come before it is all under cover. 250 more cords are hauled to the mill in logs and sawed by water power. An excellent double splitting machine reduces this to the proper size for burning. Several other forms of machinery will be brought into use before all this great body of wood reaches its final abiding place. Br. Arthur Bruce who has the charge of our garden, is so sure that spring is'marching right along, that he has already some hundreds of beautiful tomato plants ready for transplanting. Several bushels of potatoes are also all set in systematic order in a warmer temperature than they have been in during the winter, which sends out the sprouts for early planting. This is taking time by the f oretop, and insuring a good crop of potatoes although it may cheat the potato bugs out of their anticipated feast. When the Bugg family arrives the gardener has only to say; Sir bug, you are just a little too late. *