NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. North Family. April, 1892. The spring opened upon us in a very promising manner, but we are now having a very cold wintry spell. Have sowed one field of oats, and are preparing other land for the good seed. It seems to be a time of great agitation in the world of ideas, but very little inclination to settle down to practical, un. selfish, right doing. We are bearing aloft the gospel testimony which is truth: it is mighty and will prevail. In kindest love, D. O. Shakers, N. Y. April came in full of warmth and sunshine, and we almost fancied summer was here. We were busy preparing for spring work, when lo! we felt the icy breath of chilling wind, which warned us that one sunny day does not make spring. A few oats have been sown. We had an unexpected visit a few weeks ago, from two very worthy and esteemed Brethren, Benjamin Gates and Levi Shaw, of Mount Lebanon. We were very much pleased to see them and regretted that their stay was so brief. We know the world moves, but Mount Lebanon and other Societies would miss their talents. As all are not blest wit : the same number of talents, yet we can lova and appreciate all our gospel friends, by kind words and deserving praise while they are still in the body with us. Instead of jealousy let us appreciate those who are blest with more talents than we are. So long as they will put them to a godly use;crucify self, and build up Zion. This is Christian, not worldly. We are pleased to say that our good and worthy Br. Chauncey Miller, who has been a sufferer for some time, is slowly gaining strength. May he be spared to counsel and cheer us many years, is the wish of his many friends. Our beloved Ministry arrived at the Valley on the 30th ult., in usual health, our good Elder Daniel not being able physically to come. We believe it is the first time during his long service in that Order, that he has failed to come to Watervliet with the rest of the Ministry. We regret his absence very much, but know with his present affliction it is the wisest course he could pursue. May warmer weather and renewed health bring him in our midst again. He has always been a minister of life and peace. While we are preparing the ground for earthly crops, let us not forget to prepare the spiritual part of our being also, for if we sow not, neither shall we reap, temporally; the same will apply spiritually. Has not the spiritual ground lain fallow long enough? Shaker Station, Conn. South ITainily-. Spring has arrived once more, bringing duties which faithfully performed give a present satisfaction and happiness to be constantly enjoyed. The more perfect the plans of action carried on by united and harmonious effort for the good of all, so much greater their attainment in loftiest virtue, and their exemplification of godlike principles and spirit. The Creator has filled the material world with analogies, which make an irresistible ap- peal to the attentive observer; every ob ject having the power to suggest ideas in. calculably more important than anything belonging to itself: 'God diffused through every part, God himself triumphant in every heart.' Spring has apparently come to stay, and we expect to commence farming this week. A little gardening has been done in this vicinity. Our firewood is about all housed and we are now thinking of the summer work. We have done a good deal of repairing this winter, and are now fitting up a large shed for grain in an out lot. Spring cleaning is rapidly advancing. But while laboring to be faithful in temporal things, we feel the need of so laboring that temporalities may be subordinated and truly related to the spiritual life. Our meetings are often scenes of spiritual satisfaction, where an abundant flowing of divine love and power may be experienced. It may not be out of place to mention the good ministration enjoyed by us on the occasion of good Elder Abraham and Br. Franklin's visit with us a short time ago. The health of our family, good and of the Society generally. M. W. Ayer, Mass. Spuing has come at last and the hills and valleys have for a long time been covered with snow and ice. This has melted away* before the genial rays of the sun to j give place to the beautiful green verdure that nature sends forth to invigorate and give new life. What an inspiration we feel while breaking away from the indoor prison where old j winter has held us with his icy grip. I With the music of the robins and the blue-! birds we march out into the sunshine of God's goodness and shake ourselves from the lethargy that has gathered upon us. O what a touch of inspiration old Sol has upon our being, as he sends his cheery rays down to us. It seems to sweeten all the sour places, ever telling us to cheer up and look above the clouds, where we shall find the sun is still shining. What a lesson to learn for life. When the burdens press upon us and we feel a little disposed to say so much and no more, how noble it is to look up into the sunshine and put on the armor of God. Let our hearts be full of words of love which are the brightest flowers of earth's existence. They make a very Paradise of the humblest home. They are jewels beyond price, and more precious to heal the wounded heart than all other blessings earth can give. To think kindly of each other is good; to speak kindlj is better, but to act kindly is the best of all. Let us have this the work of the day. Our thanks go out to Br. Daniel Orcutt for his words of wisdom to the young. None too much, none too plain. Discipline is the greatest former of character, and when we learn to bear the discipline that is necessary for a growth in grace and righteousness we shall have far better conditions in Society. Spring's work has commenced, ploughing and sowing. Our wood is all housed in good order with the expectation that some of us will stay another winter on this side of the river. Work done for God goes with us into Eternity. Work done for earth perishes with us. A. D. P&gt;. Shirley, Mass. Apr. 1892. Nearly all who visit Shirley, speak of its beautiful location. Its grounds rising from the Nashua river on the east to a considerable height above the village on the west, and both the North and Church families shielded by Avell wooded hills above, and to the north, together with the easily cultivated, sandy soil, causing a natural drainage, is all conducive to the good degree of health generally enjoyed by its inhabitants. The winter now about past, as the appearance of spring birds plainly declares, has been somewhat of an unpleasant exception; in fact, we have had the most unhealthy season remembered in a residence of forty-three years within her borders; but one after another the invalids are taking their places at the table and in our devotions, so that witli the melting snows and the warm sunshine, we hope the gloom of winter and of the sick room, so far as they have prevailed, may pass away together. To the soul dwelling in the light of God's love, there should be little of gloom at any time, especially when favored as we are, with so many blessings, temporal and spiritual, not the least among which may be reckoned the visits of dear gospel relation from distant Societies. We have in this respect, been much blest by calls from Elder Joseph Holden of the central Ministry, Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Also as in several other Societies, by Elder Abraham Perkins and Br. Franklin Youngs, from Enfield, N. H. Time has made its mark in the more than forty years since we first met Elder Abraham, but the marks show a well ripened maturity in gospel travel toward the heavenly goal, where we hope to meet him in the eternal sunshine. The Manifesto is always welcome, freighted as it is, with many words of wisdom and encouragement, of which we do well to take heed. We bless all who help to make it so interesting and instructive. Would that many more might find that interest in the truths it teaches, that would lead them to make the requisite sacrifice, to become honest defenders thereof, which can only be done in lives truly devoted to its communal relationships. J. W. East Canterbury, N. H. Weather Kecord, for Mar. 1892. Highest Temp, during the mo. 49. Lowest ' ' ' ' 3. Mean ' ' ' ' 26.6 Total rainfall and melted snow, 1.36 in. Snowfall, ' ' 6.50 in. N. A. Briggs. April, 1892. After a few days of rejoicing in the anticipation of an early spring, we are suddenly and unceremoniously thrown back into the climate that would have done credit to the month of March. That winter has gone, however, seems to be quite certain, as there is no snow to be seen and how can it be winter without snow? And then one or two little birds have ventured to return from their southern home and sing us the first songs for 1892. Such signs are unmistakable that spring is again near at hand and we shall console ourselves with the thought of 'The good time coming.' Some of the Brethren tell us that all their fire wood is sawed and housed. That certainly is good news and shows a commendable zeal, as the premises about the buildings can then put on better appearances, and yet a large pile of fire wood well sawed and split should rather make the heart glad than otherwise. In our door-yard we had not less than 250 cords of wood that was sawed by steam power. It is gradually moving toward the wood houses, but warmer days will come before it is all under cover. 250 more cords are hauled to the mill in logs and sawed by water power. An excellent double splitting machine reduces this to the proper size for burning. Several other forms of machinery will be brought into use before all this great body of wood reaches its final abiding place. Br. Arthur Bruce who has the charge of our garden, is so sure that spring is'marching right along, that he has already some hundreds of beautiful tomato plants ready for transplanting. Several bushels of potatoes are also all set in systematic order in a warmer temperature than they have been in during the winter, which sends out the sprouts for early planting. This is taking time by the f oretop, and insuring a good crop of potatoes although it may cheat the potato bugs out of their anticipated feast. When the Bugg family arrives the gardener has only to say; Sir bug, you are just a little too late. * Sabbathday Lake, Me. April, 1892. A glance at the Calendar tells that it is time to prepare the notes for next month. Every growing plant is budding into life as spring is renewing her royal robes and the feathered songsters are pouring forth their lays of joy. The robin returned to us on the 27th of March. Others followed later on and now we have music from a thousand tree-tops. The sawing of the wood has been going on for the past week. Thursday we had a 'little fire' and a 'big scare.' The sparks from the engine fell upon the roof of one of the woodhouses and ignited. The wind was blowing and it spread with great rapidity while ladders were being erected, but by vigorous efforts it was soon extinguished. Thus a good servant was prevented from becoming a hard master. There has been a small maple harvest this spring. We are thankful for a little of this rarity as we cannot be blest with an abundance. The saw-mill has been booming for the past week and the logs are fast disappearing from the mill-pond. We are often remembered by kind letters from our gospel friends whose homes are far away, and also by a spiritual telegraphy, of the existence of which we have lately had powerful proofs. A. S. C. Shaker Station, Ct. Apr. 13, 1892. Beloved Elder Henry:We are sorry to be obliged to chronicle sad news. Our beloved Elder George lies dangerously sick with pneumonia, and probably cannot live. D. Orcutt. Sonyea, N. Y. April, 1892. For many days we have been looking through clouds of snow for the coming of spring or the 'Resurrection of Life;' now that it has dawned in all its beauty, glory and perfection, the birds of the air wondrously declare that new life is springing up everywhere, and all the earth is glad again. The old mill is in motion from morning till evening. The music of sawing is heard, and many have come from the east and from the west to get their sawing done, for here is the test of good work. Sister Maria Dutcher has left us for a more sunny residence in the 'Summer Land.' Now that she has crossed the bright river of life, we trust she is happy in her new home, with friends who long ago passed to the other side where 'There is no death.' G. D. G. Union Village, Ohio. Dear Editor:If the subject of spring had not been worn threadbare, I fear I should be tempted to fall into a romantic frame of mind and spin out a yard or two of spring poetry which on falling into your hands would find its way into the waste basket where all such poetry belongs. The first fat robin dropped into town a few weeks ago and I addressed him in a few lines from Irving's 'Birds of Spring.' 'Oh, could I fly I'd fly with thee!' etc. The furnace is now in good running order and the Office, Post Office, Dwelling house, and Infirmary are heated by steam. A good story is told of the difficulty with which anthracite coal was made to burn under a boiler when the attempt was first made to use it as a fuel. The coal was put into the furnace on top of a large amount of wood. It was raked and poked and blown all the forenoon, but the 'black stones' showed no signs of burning. At noon, utterly disgusted, the proprieter and his men slammed the furnace doors and went home to dinner. When they returned at one o'clock, they found every thing 'red hot.' All the coal needed was to be let alone. This is just what any hard coal fire needs if the coal is to be consumed with economy. Poking, shaking, raking down ashes, and all other means employed for disturbing the fire only result in waste. The carpenters are busy this week i&gt;utting a partition through the lower end of the dining room allowing two good sized rooms, one for the Brethren's waiting room and one for the Sisters, which will be very convenient, having only to slip out of the room into the dining hall. Hearing so much about our recent improvements, I wonder if our Editor would not like to come and see us? You may take this as an invitation. The presence of good manners is nowhere more effective than in the household and Emerson says: 'Good manners are made up of petty saciiflces,' and certainly nothing can more thoroughly secure the harmony and peace of the family circle than the habit of making small sacrifices one for another. A. 13. G. Dayton, Ohio. Beloved Eldek Hesky:We have just finished putting up a set of laundry machinery, consisting of a new mill, two galvanized iron tanks, a tub for rubbing out clothes and a tub for boiling and bluing the clothes. We had August Frederick from White Water, helping us put up the machinery and another Brother, John Tyler, came with him as a visitor, but instead of visit, ing he went to work and helped us put up the machinery. [Our best love to Br. John for his new style of visiting. Ed.] Brother Moore Mason is busy setting out plants and transplanting them from one bed to another. He has a fine lot of them. We are also tearing away the old laundry building. Brother Moore and the writer had a very pleasant visit at Union Village, a few weeks ago. We enjoyed the company of the Brethren and Sisters very much and on the Sabbath had a very good meeting. Elder Napoleon Brown preached an excellent sermon and several of the Brethren and Sisters spoke. When we returned home, Elder Napoleon returned with us. The Ministry were with us on the 15th of February and the Sisters returned on the 18th but Elder Oliver stopped with us over the Sabbath. Our meetings are good, especially on Sunday P. M. On Thursday evenings we have a singing school and a Sabbath school on Sabbath morning and a prayer meeting in the evening. Good gospel testimonies are spoken and sung in our meetings. The month of March was very rough and cold with a good deal of snow and rain. We will send our love to all the Societies who read our home notes. H. W. F. West Pittsfield, Mass. Dear Editor:The introductory days of April were so balmy and sunny, that glad anticipations of an early spring had been raised, but the cold wave now passingover us has somewhat blighted our hopes. Nevertheless, relying on the promise that 'seed-time and harvest'' will come, we have commenced ploughing and trust that if we sow with a liberal hand and exercise proper care thereafter, we shall be blest with a rich harvest. The roads are in better condition than they have been in some former seasons at so early a date, yet transportation over them has been somewhat impeded. Our worthy Leader, Elder Bishop of the East family, has for some time past been in a low condition of health, but we are pleased to note that he is gradually improving and that, although he has passed the bound of years allotted to man, he does not purpose to leave for the Spirt World yet. We hope he may be spared many years to come, to counsel, bless and aid those who so much need his fatherly care. Eldress Lois of the same family is also very feeble. May she receive the balm of healing and long live to guide the little flock now under her charge, into paths of righteousness. Br. Ira is still an invalid and our united prayer is, that the omnipotent Father who is cognizant of his sufferings and of our needs, may bless him with renewed vitality and strength, and make his days many and full of usefulness. We rejoiced so much in the cheering interview, (though entirely too brief) with our loved and esteemed Father Elder Abraham, while on his late westerly trip, that we cannot forbear mentioning it even now. Those worthy veterans of the cross will soon be called hence to join the band of immortal heroes, who have 'fought the good fight,' won the laurels of victory and are now triumphing in their conquest. It is always a satisfaction to read the kind words that are said in regard to our aged fathers and mothers, and indeed it seems commendable to mention their worthy deeds and uprightness of character while they are yet with us, that they may know they are loved and appreciated. Br. Franklin Youngs who accompanied Elder Abraham was truly a welcome guest, and we hope he may bless us with his presence many times in the future. J. L. S. Alfred, Me. April, 1892. Beloved Editok:While there is nothing of particular interest to mention, yet I am afraid Elder Henry will think I have lost those pencils he sent me if I fail to write a few words. Our February notes it seems were too late and March notes were neglected from a press of other duties. April has seemed more like March. It is true the robins and some other of our singing birds have come but the cold nights, and cold, windy days should think might give them the bronchitis. We cannot give as good a record of health as at the North Family, Mount Lebanon. A disagreeable distemper prevailed through the most of March, and but few in Society or the towns around us escaped it. In many cases, there was a tendency to pneumonia. Our worthy Br. Richard Gilbert was so attacked and it took him from our sight, but not from our memory. His twenty-five years of earnest struggles had given him a degree of victory, and now he will be permitted to complete the work he had so well begun. The ground freezes every night so no farming or gardening is in order yet. Our Lebanon Sisters are ahead of us in the house-cleaning, as Elder John is afraid of colds and other troubles if Sisters commence too early. Brethren finished sawing wood and most 01 it is split. This too was delayed by the epidemic. When next month's notes are written, it will seem more like spring and the promise old mother nature will be giving of good things to come, will give us renewed hope and courage. Let us look well to our spiritual sowing that the harvest may be abundant. F. C. Enfield, N. H. 'The plowing time is only a preparation for the coming flowers and fruit; the soft rains will come, the genial sunshine, and some day you will be glad of the plowing, for there is an agriculture of the soul, as well as of the land.' Yea, the plowing and harrowing time has come again, as we have faith to believe it will many more times, before mother earth shall 'be rolled as a scroll;' soon the fruit trees will look like giant bouquets, perfect marvels of loveliness! The foliage trees don their mantles of leafy beauty, and we wonder in amazement each Spring-time as if it were the first, what secret power evolves this display of art in nature, and as often, accept the ever-changing panorama of the seasons, as one evidence of a supreme power. But we will not make word pictures, for spring poetry lias deservedly received many hard rubs, and mayhap spring prose would fare no better. We use the above, quotation, for ths; thought it so opportunely gives at the close, knowing very well that some of our good readers will say in the language of our friend Ingersoll; 'One world at a time,' but there are all varieties of dispositions and degrees of travail, which furnishes the necessary friction for development. Let those who do have an eye to the future, as well as the all important now, see if there be not some unseemly weed in the garden of the heart, which may be replaced by a thing of beauty which is a joy forever, some dry and withered spot that may be made moreproductive of good works, watered by the dews of charity, bearing in faithful remembrance from this beautiful Springtime of 1892, that 'there is an agriculture of the soul, as well as of the land.' The maple harvest lias been small, and we doubt if even the little folks had all they wished, on their annual visit to the sugar camp up among the maples, but we know they had a good time, for frolic and the old camp are inseparable. The weather has been delightful for the season, more than a week of warm, sunny atmospliere loosened the icy fetters of the lake unusually early, and Apr. 11th. witnessed its free play; we watch its liberation with a genuine friendly solicitude, for its ever moving, dancing watvrs seem to form a part ojf our valley home. Kind remembrances to all. E. B.