THE RESURRECTION LIFE. Ernest Pick. [Lovingly dedicated to the youth.] In Talmudic times a Gentile came to a Eabbi declaring himself ready to be converted if the latter could tell him the highest principle of his religion while standing on one foot. The Eabbi consented, and smiling, spoke: 'Love thy neighbor as thyself.' If I should be asked for the briefest definition of the life and doctrine of Believers my answer would be: 'It is the Resurrection Life.' Nothing else seems to me to more fully embrace our faith and existence. It not only explains all to him who discerns spiritually, but with scientific accuracy points out the place allotted to Believers in this world of planes and spheres of evolution. From this stand-point we may intelligently look over and judge all the stages of life we have left behind and compass the bright horizon of progress before us. It is the universal law that all things must grow from lower conditions into higher functions and states of being and the ultimate of all existence is to live as pure celestial intelligences. 'Ye therefore shall be perfect, as your heavenly Father is perfect.' Between the world pandering to the animal nature in various forms, and the heavenly spheres of purity, beauty and love, there stands, as a connecting link, all those who have outgrown the lower phase of animal nature, forsaken and left behind all the enticing vanities in order to be born again in the image of God. The existence of a virgin class of both men and women is not a single unconnected case, but throughout the history of mankind we may trace an uninterrupted chain of virgin men and women, proving the growth of all progressive nations towards a spiritual, God-like condition. Whenever individuals combine this most sacred ambition with genius, talent or knowledge then they shine as the brightest stars in the galaxy of the great and good and their names are repeated from generation to generation and their immortal influence reaches us through centuries, as the rays of the sun bring light and warmth to us through millions of miles. Plato and Apollonius, the Grecian philosophers, Michael Angelo, the prince of sculptors, Sir Isaac Newton, Florence Nightingale of philanthropic fame, Miss Frederika Bremer, and John G. Whittier, the Quaker poet. These with many others are the most noble fruits of an intellectual and spiritual life, preparing the way for the Resurrection Order. The conception of a whole people on this plane of evolution is the greatest effort of a divine creative power, and whilst crowned with success they are placed to be the aristocracy of the land and the Levites of the nation. This is the privilege and responsibility of Believers in the purest comprehension of their calling, untrammeled by the puny selfishness or insufficiency of a fallen human nature. Hence the duty resting upon every one of our people to live up to the standard of our faith, to be moving onward and upward and not to settle down and remain stationary where we have been planted. It is our souls' travel; and though in many a dark.or stormy hour our animal inheritance would fairly try to persist in claiming part of us, the pure-minded and honest-hearted rest assured that they cannot perish nor the least harm befall them. But after we have been shaped and modeled like clay in the hands of the Potter and passed the cleansing of fire and water, and when the 'battle days are over' and the heat of the day has changed to the calm of life's evening and our vision still clearer beholds fields of a higher life where we shall walk with loved and cherished souls, how we shall praise and bless those who have pointed out the way, guarded our feet from stumbling, or extended a helping hand to the weak and weary, through speaking of courage and hope. We may well, even now bless the order that keeps us, often enough against our will and feeling, in the strait and narrow way, and the roof that shields us from storm and strife; the house of our Lord wherein we have a share to help with our hands and hearts. For a work lits bef ore us to will and to do. Every day we must rise conscious of our new life, filled with nothing but holiness and blessedness, our minds chaste and pure, our hearts without fear and reproach if we want to be accounted worthy to attain to that world and the resurrection from the dead. 'Forgetting the things which are behind and stretching forward to the things which are before, I press on toward the goal unto the prize of the high calling of God.' Mount Lebanon, N. Y.