Shirley, Mass. Apr. 1892. Nearly all who visit Shirley, speak of its beautiful location. Its grounds rising from the Nashua river on the east to a considerable height above the village on the west, and both the North and Church families shielded by Avell wooded hills above, and to the north, together with the easily cultivated, sandy soil, causing a natural drainage, is all conducive to the good degree of health generally enjoyed by its inhabitants. The winter now about past, as the appearance of spring birds plainly declares, has been somewhat of an unpleasant exception; in fact, we have had the most unhealthy season remembered in a residence of forty-three years within her borders; but one after another the invalids are taking their places at the table and in our devotions, so that witli the melting snows and the warm sunshine, we hope the gloom of winter and of the sick room, so far as they have prevailed, may pass away together. To the soul dwelling in the light of God's love, there should be little of gloom at any time, especially when favored as we are, with so many blessings, temporal and spiritual, not the least among which may be reckoned the visits of dear gospel relation from distant Societies. We have in this respect, been much blest by calls from Elder Joseph Holden of the central Ministry, Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Also as in several other Societies, by Elder Abraham Perkins and Br. Franklin Youngs, from Enfield, N. H. Time has made its mark in the more than forty years since we first met Elder Abraham, but the marks show a well ripened maturity in gospel travel toward the heavenly goal, where we hope to meet him in the eternal sunshine. The Manifesto is always welcome, freighted as it is, with many words of wisdom and encouragement, of which we do well to take heed. We bless all who help to make it so interesting and instructive. Would that many more might find that interest in the truths it teaches, that would lead them to make the requisite sacrifice, to become honest defenders thereof, which can only be done in lives truly devoted to its communal relationships. J. W.