Editorial. Although there may be many things which demand our special attention... Although there may be many things which demand our special attention from day to day, those very same things after which 'the Gentiles do seek,' there is great danger of losing sight, more or less, of some of the features of our high calling in Christ. Naturally, there is a strong gravitation toward the elements of the earth. It is the rudimentary life of the whole creation of God. Beyond this, however, man has a better hope. His attractions are toward a spiritual state which becomes in him a new life, a life of holiness unto the Lord. Our religious profession has, also, an exaltation which will most assuredly carry us beyond those qualities of the mind which are the life of the children of this world. There may be duties which, imperatively, demand of us a careful recognition, and which are so closely associated with others of a superior quality that they can never be separated without an injury to the individual being. So long as we hold an inheritance upon the earth, are dependent upon the blessings which it may afford, and are responsible for the deeds done in the body, we must be consciously or unconsciously influenced by its surroundings, and without the most careful watch over every phase of this life we may, in an unguarded hour, be led captive to a state from which it will be hard to become extricated. Whatever there may be in the world that is influenced by religion, it must be a free-will offering of love and truth to the power that is over and beyond us, and the manifestation of a corresponding spirit toward the whole family of man. Led by the spirit of God and gifted as are the sons of God we may become the chosen messengers of a higher power, the heralds of salvation. The beautiful message of God has not been delivered to us through a special, personal recognition. Its influence has not been by selfish might nor by selfish power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. Abundant blessings have crowned all our efforts to do good and we accept these treasures with thankful hearts. It is the promised hundred fold which has been so liberally bestowed and which in return must be accounted for with corresponding exactness. Jesus in enumerating the blessings which are conferred upon his disciples, gave them to understand that among other things 'the poor have the gospel preached to them,' and this gospel was the revelation of good news. Jesus knew that the poor were a despised class, the slaves of the dominant power, and that this gift would raise them from such a low estate. They suffered in multiplied forms, as well as from the want of food and clothes, and all these the gospel of good news would provide. Indeed it would provide for them food and clothing and a home in which to find shelter. Is it any wonder that the poor heard him gladly? We have no reason to call in question this wonderful advent, which proclaimed peace to all men, and then so lovingly administered the needed supply for the blessing of to-day. And what is the outcome of all this ? Happiness upon the earth, and in the world to come an assurance of life everlasting. It was the gospel of receiving and of giving. The gospel for the poor, in the things of this life as well as for the poor in spirit. Jesus extended to all of this class, this kind invitation,'Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest.' Have we not been blest with these same good gifts, and have we not heard the redeeming, gospel testimony? Most assuredly we have and in return are we extending the same blessing to those less favored than ourselves? If we are able to say, Freely ye have received, freely give, then we have touched the key note of success. It may not be necessary for us to call the multitude together upon the mountain, nor go with them into the synagogue to read the Law and the prophets. These were beautiful forms in which to reach the ears and possibly the souls of the multitude that Jesus saw, and he accepted the proffered opportunity, as in harmony with his divine mission. No wonder the common people heard him gladly. It was affording them a superior privilege. They had but very few books to read, and but very few persons among the thousands were able to read, even though they could have the books. To-day in our land of promise, everybody reads. Every man, woman and child has his book or paper, and it may well deserve to be called the reading age. Thousands and thousands of homes are visited every day with information that has been gathered from all parts of the world, and the influence of the good words that are scattered broadcast over the whole earth are quite beyond our ability to estimate. Certainly there can be no excuse for any one to remain ignorant. Even our little messenger is sent abroad into a few families bearing this pleasant salutation, 'on earth, peace, and to all men and women, ofood will.'