NEW LEBANON. FiioM the time of the settlement by Johu Wadhams, to the breaking out of the Revolution, that part of the country lying along the western slope of the Taghkanic Mountains, rapidly filled up with families from Connecti- cut, Rhode Island and Massachusetts. At the north of AVadharns, reaching to the county line of Rensselaer, were the families of Noah Wheaton, Benjamin Perry, J. Sanford, E. Bennett, Thaddeus Patchen, and two families named R. Treat and Davis. On the south and west were Eleazer Deming, Jarvis Mudge and Gideon King. These last owned large tracks which had been procured by grants from the General Court of Massachusetts for a mere nominal price. South of these lands was a tract reaching to the line of Richmond, which was purchased by Charles Goodrich, of Pittsfield, Mass., who obtained a grant from the General Court in 1761. 'In 1765, a brother of Goodrich, named Benjamin, settled on these lands with his sons, Daniel, Benjamin, Samuel, Nathan, David, Ezekiel, Isaiah, Jeremiah and Enoch; Jeremiah and Hezekiah Osborn and Israel Talcot settled there about the same time.' These persons came from Ridgfield and Wethersfield, Conn. Within the next five years several other families settled here, among whom were Duncan McArthur, John Spier, Talmage Bishop, Aaron Kibbie, Caleb Shapley, Reuben Wright, David Darrow, Matthewson, Jessup, Ives, Patterson, Grant and others. The lands on which these settlements were made now constitutes that part of New Lebanon called Mount Lebanon, or Shaker Village. Every one of those mentioned, with the exception of Ives, Patterson and Grant, afterwards became Shakers. Noah Wheaton, Treat E. Bennet and E. Deming, living in the northern part of the town, also became members of that Society. During the Revolution eight of the persons who afterward joined the Shakers, were in the battle at Bennington, and some of them did faithful service during the war. It is the boast of the members of that Society that not one of them ever applied for a pension. Jarvis Mudge, Jno. Gillett and Samuel Johnson, who were on the committee to draft resolutions instructing the Representative in the Provincial Congress, June 24, 177(5, lived near the Springs.. The children of Mudge sold out and became Shakers. Gillett was a lieutenant under Capt. Sylvester Gillett, and was the father of Hon. R. H. Gillett. He removed to Vermont after 1800. Samuel Johnson was the first pastor of the Presbyterian church of New Lebanon. He died among the Shakers, as well as Joseph M'eacham, the first Baptist minister in New Lebanon, who was the first convert to Shakerism in that place. We have in this and previous communications confined our early history of the settlement of New Lebanon to that part of the town which, up to 1787, was considered to be a part of the province of Massachusetts. The settlement of the line between New York and that State, transferred over a half-mile in width to New York. The district, however, was claimed to be a part of the county of Albany, and known as 'Kings' Hamlet,' subdivided into precincts, called New Lebanon, New Canaan, New Britain and New Concord. The settlement of New Canaan, it is claimed, commenced as early as 1742, but that portion of the district called New Lebanon was not settled until about 1762, except by a few hunters, who erected a block house on or near the Kinderhook creek, in the western part of the district During the Revolution the district took-an early stand in sympathy with the New England people, nine companies of minute men were organized along the line between New York and Massachusetts reaching to Vermont. One of these companies, under the command of Elijah Bostwick, was called the New Canaan Company, while the New Lebanon Company were under Capt. Elisha Gilbert. North of New Lebanon was a company commanded by Capt. Asa Douglass. Before the war all these companies made a rendezvous at Capt. Douglass' place, where they were joined by a large party from Pittsfield and Lanesborough, Mass. Between Lebanon Springs and the Rensselaer Manor there was but one house, occupied by a wealthy farmer named Thaddeus Patchen. The Canaan Company on their way north took possession of Mi. Patchen's horses, wagon and harness, and, notwithstanding Patchen's protest, forced them into the service, and drove to Bennington. A grandson of Mr. Patchen used to relate this circumstance as an outrage committed upon his ancestor. There were tories residing in the district who were in the battle at Bennington, as well as Whigs. But they fought on the British side. None of these last returned to their homes. Those not slain made their way to Canada and never returned. A son of Capt. Douglass, going over the battle field after the battle, found the body of one of his near neighbors. He cut out a piece of his shirt with his knife, and on his return presented it to the man's mother, saying, 'I cut this out of the shirt of a dead tory at Bennington.' As this woman had manufactured the cloth of which the shirt was made, it is no wonder that she fainted at the sight of it.