NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. North Family. April, 1892. The spring opened upon us in a very promising manner, but we are now having a very cold wintry spell. Have sowed one field of oats, and are preparing other land for the good seed. It seems to be a time of great agitation in the world of ideas, but very little inclination to settle down to practical, un. selfish, right doing. We are bearing aloft the gospel testimony which is truth: it is mighty and will prevail. In kindest love, D. O. Shakers, N. Y. April came in full of warmth and sunshine, and we almost fancied summer was here. We were busy preparing for spring work, when lo! we felt the icy breath of chilling wind, which warned us that one sunny day does not make spring. A few oats have been sown. We had an unexpected visit a few weeks ago, from two very worthy and esteemed Brethren, Benjamin Gates and Levi Shaw, of Mount Lebanon. We were very much pleased to see them and regretted that their stay was so brief. We know the world moves, but Mount Lebanon and other Societies would miss their talents. As all are not blest wit : the same number of talents, yet we can lova and appreciate all our gospel friends, by kind words and deserving praise while they are still in the body with us. Instead of jealousy let us appreciate those who are blest with more talents than we are. So long as they will put them to a godly use;crucify self, and build up Zion. This is Christian, not worldly. We are pleased to say that our good and worthy Br. Chauncey Miller, who has been a sufferer for some time, is slowly gaining strength. May he be spared to counsel and cheer us many years, is the wish of his many friends. Our beloved Ministry arrived at the Valley on the 30th ult., in usual health, our good Elder Daniel not being able physically to come. We believe it is the first time during his long service in that Order, that he has failed to come to Watervliet with the rest of the Ministry. We regret his absence very much, but know with his present affliction it is the wisest course he could pursue. May warmer weather and renewed health bring him in our midst again. He has always been a minister of life and peace. While we are preparing the ground for earthly crops, let us not forget to prepare the spiritual part of our being also, for if we sow not, neither shall we reap, temporally; the same will apply spiritually. Has not the spiritual ground lain fallow long enough? Shaker Station, Conn. South ITainily-. Spring has arrived once more, bringing duties which faithfully performed give a present satisfaction and happiness to be constantly enjoyed. The more perfect the plans of action carried on by united and harmonious effort for the good of all, so much greater their attainment in loftiest virtue, and their exemplification of godlike principles and spirit. The Creator has filled the material world with analogies, which make an irresistible ap- peal to the attentive observer; every ob ject having the power to suggest ideas in. calculably more important than anything belonging to itself: 'God diffused through every part, God himself triumphant in every heart.' Spring has apparently come to stay, and we expect to commence farming this week. A little gardening has been done in this vicinity. Our firewood is about all housed and we are now thinking of the summer work. We have done a good deal of repairing this winter, and are now fitting up a large shed for grain in an out lot. Spring cleaning is rapidly advancing. But while laboring to be faithful in temporal things, we feel the need of so laboring that temporalities may be subordinated and truly related to the spiritual life. Our meetings are often scenes of spiritual satisfaction, where an abundant flowing of divine love and power may be experienced. It may not be out of place to mention the good ministration enjoyed by us on the occasion of good Elder Abraham and Br. Franklin's visit with us a short time ago. The health of our family, good and of the Society generally. M. W. Ayer, Mass. Spuing has come at last and the hills and valleys have for a long time been covered with snow and ice. This has melted away* before the genial rays of the sun to j give place to the beautiful green verdure that nature sends forth to invigorate and give new life. What an inspiration we feel while breaking away from the indoor prison where old j winter has held us with his icy grip. I With the music of the robins and the blue-! birds we march out into the sunshine of God's goodness and shake ourselves from the lethargy that has gathered upon us. O what a touch of inspiration old Sol has upon our being, as he sends his cheery rays down to us. It seems to sweeten all the sour places, ever telling us to cheer up and look above the clouds, where we shall find the sun is still shining. What a lesson to learn for life. When the burdens press upon us and we feel a little disposed to say so much and no more, how noble it is to look up into the sunshine and put on the armor of God. Let our hearts be full of words of love which are the brightest flowers of earth's existence. They make a very Paradise of the humblest home. They are jewels beyond price, and more precious to heal the wounded heart than all other blessings earth can give. To think kindly of each other is good; to speak kindlj is better, but to act kindly is the best of all. Let us have this the work of the day. Our thanks go out to Br. Daniel Orcutt for his words of wisdom to the young. None too much, none too plain. Discipline is the greatest former of character, and when we learn to bear the discipline that is necessary for a growth in grace and righteousness we shall have far better conditions in Society. Spring's work has commenced, ploughing and sowing. Our wood is all housed in good order with the expectation that some of us will stay another winter on this side of the river. Work done for God goes with us into Eternity. Work done for earth perishes with us. A. D. P&gt;. Shirley, Mass. Apr. 1892. Nearly all who visit Shirley, speak of its beautiful location. Its grounds rising from the Nashua river on the east to a considerable height above the village on the west, and both the North and Church families shielded by Avell wooded hills above, and to the north, together with the easily cultivated, sandy soil, causing a natural drainage, is all conducive to the good degree of health generally enjoyed by its inhabitants. The winter now about past, as the appearance of spring birds plainly declares, has been somewhat of an unpleasant exception; in fact, we have had the most unhealthy season remembered in a residence of forty-three years within her borders; but one after another the invalids are taking their places at the table and in our devotions, so that witli the melting snows and the warm sunshine, we hope the gloom of winter and of the sick room, so far as they have prevailed, may pass away together. To the soul dwelling in the light of God's love, there should be little of gloom at any time, especially when favored as we are, with so many blessings, temporal and spiritual, not the least among which may be reckoned the visits of dear gospel relation from distant Societies. We have in this respect, been much blest by calls from Elder Joseph Holden of the central Ministry, Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Also as in several other Societies, by Elder Abraham Perkins and Br. Franklin Youngs, from Enfield, N. H. Time has made its mark in the more than forty years since we first met Elder Abraham, but the marks show a well ripened maturity in gospel travel toward the heavenly goal, where we hope to meet him in the eternal sunshine. The Manifesto is always welcome, freighted as it is, with many words of wisdom and encouragement, of which we do well to take heed. We bless all who help to make it so interesting and instructive. Would that many more might find that interest in the truths it teaches, that would lead them to make the requisite sacrifice, to become honest defenders thereof, which can only be done in lives truly devoted to its communal relationships. J. W. East Canterbury, N. H. Weather Kecord, for Mar. 1892. Highest Temp, during the mo. 49. Lowest ' ' ' ' 3. Mean ' ' ' ' 26.6 Total rainfall and melted snow, 1.36 in. Snowfall, ' ' 6.50 in. N. A. Briggs. April, 1892. After a few days of rejoicing in the anticipation of an early spring, we are suddenly and unceremoniously thrown back into the climate that would have done credit to the month of March. That winter has gone, however, seems to be quite certain, as there is no snow to be seen and how can it be winter without snow? And then one or two little birds have ventured to return from their southern home and sing us the first songs for 1892. Such signs are unmistakable that spring is again near at hand and we shall console ourselves with the thought of 'The good time coming.' Some of the Brethren tell us that all their fire wood is sawed and housed. That certainly is good news and shows a commendable zeal, as the premises about the buildings can then put on better appearances, and yet a large pile of fire wood well sawed and split should rather make the heart glad than otherwise. In our door-yard we had not less than 250 cords of wood that was sawed by steam power. It is gradually moving toward the wood houses, but warmer days will come before it is all under cover. 250 more cords are hauled to the mill in logs and sawed by water power. An excellent double splitting machine reduces this to the proper size for burning. Several other forms of machinery will be brought into use before all this great body of wood reaches its final abiding place. Br. Arthur Bruce who has the charge of our garden, is so sure that spring is'marching right along, that he has already some hundreds of beautiful tomato plants ready for transplanting. Several bushels of potatoes are also all set in systematic order in a warmer temperature than they have been in during the winter, which sends out the sprouts for early planting. This is taking time by the f oretop, and insuring a good crop of potatoes although it may cheat the potato bugs out of their anticipated feast. When the Bugg family arrives the gardener has only to say; Sir bug, you are just a little too late. * Sabbathday Lake, Me. April, 1892. A glance at the Calendar tells that it is time to prepare the notes for next month. Every growing plant is budding into life as spring is renewing her royal robes and the feathered songsters are pouring forth their lays of joy. The robin returned to us on the 27th of March. Others followed later on and now we have music from a thousand tree-tops. The sawing of the wood has been going on for the past week. Thursday we had a 'little fire' and a 'big scare.' The sparks from the engine fell upon the roof of one of the woodhouses and ignited. The wind was blowing and it spread with great rapidity while ladders were being erected, but by vigorous efforts it was soon extinguished. Thus a good servant was prevented from becoming a hard master. There has been a small maple harvest this spring. We are thankful for a little of this rarity as we cannot be blest with an abundance. The saw-mill has been booming for the past week and the logs are fast disappearing from the mill-pond. We are often remembered by kind letters from our gospel friends whose homes are far away, and also by a spiritual telegraphy, of the existence of which we have lately had powerful proofs. A. S. C. Shaker Station, Ct. Apr. 13, 1892. Beloved Elder Henry:We are sorry to be obliged to chronicle sad news. Our beloved Elder George lies dangerously sick with pneumonia, and probably cannot live. D. Orcutt.