GIVE TO THE CAUSE OF CHRIST. Lida B. Settles. There can be no doubt in any thoughtful reader of the holy Oracles, of the fact that the good Father has made it obligatory on all his children to give to others, or that He has in some way made the salvation of men depend on their giving to the needy. 'The poor you have always with you,' said Jesus. Why should it be so? Why does God, who is the owner of all, allow his children to want for the necessaries or even the luxu- ries of this life ? Does the tender Lord have no sympathy for the sufferings of his beloved? Why does He apparently so neglect them? He does not. He has given his poor into the care of his Church, and his word is replete with instructions and admonitions to be tenderly careful of them. This is much better than feeding them by miracles, for the rich need the poor quite as much as the poor need the rich. Ministering to the poor with no stinted hand, as God gives, and lovingly as Jesus gives, who fed his followers in the desert, is the very wisest and the best means of keeping the hearts of the rich warm, and keeping them in remembrance that all they possess they have received of God, and that they in the meantime are but 'stewards,' of the grace of God; that they do not own their riches, but have themselves been bought with a price. They are not their own, but the whole creation is dependent on God. This law of giving is not confined to the wealthy; the poor must give ; nor must they hesitate because the offering is small, for 'He gives not best who gives most, But he gives most, who gives best.' If then the poor cannot give bountifully, let him give freely and what he wants in his hand let him give in his heart. 'He gives well that gives willingly.' 'The Lord loveth a cheerful giver.' Oh, the love that never faileth will always find something to give. Jesus says, You should love one another, as I have loved you. This commandment, John says, we have had from the beginning, yet it is essentially new in the measureless amplitude given it by the Savior when he says, 'As I have loved you,' so love each other. Can we measure the love of Christ? As well try to scale the heavens, or to grasp infinity; but one effect of that love pertinent to our present inquiry, is 'that though he was rich, yet for our sakes he became poor.' So poor that a tear starts unbidden from our hearts, when we read his own description of it: 'The foxes have their dens and the birds of the air their nests, but the son of man hath not where to lay his head.' A love so wonderful that it is willing to sacrifice not only unbounded riches, but life itself for its object, can hardly be exaggerated. Here then we have the example of our blessed Teacher, that we should love our Brethren and Sisters to the extent of giving all we have to save them. May the Lord not only teach us what is right, but may his holy Spirit inspire us to embody it in our lives. South Union, Ky.