THE KENTUCKY REVIVAL. By Richard M'Nemar of Union Village, Ohio. Published in Albany, N. Y., in 1808. No. 17. Explanations. Continued. Now if it was the faith and order of the revival, to follow the truth of God testified by man, it could not be exactly right for any to pretend that they were going on in the spirit of the revival, and at the same time laboring to destroy all confidence in every living teacher. Crying out, 'Don't believe man, don't follow him, you need not believe us, for we may and do err; you must just take the word of God and read that. There you have the truth, and you may believe and practice it, precisely as expressed in the words of Scripture.' Yet the people were shut up to the necessity of believing somebody, and rather than believe those who had been called liars by others, they gave credit to the opposite character, who asserted concerning themselves that they were not to be believed, and in obedience to that faith, learned first to call the Bible by a name which it never gave itself; and according to that name, practice whatever was commanded or even permitted in Scripture words ; assured that God immediately spoke to them in that Scripture, even though it might have been originally spoken by a Pharisee or a Sadducee. Although I have heard the abettors of the common Christian cause maintain that Gen. iii., 4, 'Ye shall not surely die,' and Matt, iv., 6-9, 'If thou be the Son of God, If thou wilt fall down and worship me,' were the words of God, and to be taken without any explanation; yet I have supposed it was rather to avoid the force of truth, which they were unwilling to acknowledge. In nothing short of this could the general principle find any consistent basis, and the implicit believer of Bible words, must learn his duty from the following sentences as directly as any others. 'Rejoice, 0 young man in thy youth, walk in the ways of thine heart, and in the sight of thine eyes.' ' 'They say we must be saved by the works of the law. Their doctrine leads into bondage.' They believe that every Jewish ceremony, which the Apostles called works of the law, were abrogated by Christ, nor have they attempted to revive any of them. But Christ in disannulling these dead works, made no provision for bad works. The only alternative he left for any, was to follow him in the regeneration, or continue under the law and under its curse. This doctrine never proposed any thing but bondage to the Jew, who expected to be pardoned for Abraham's sake, and accepted on account of his clean outside. Such an objection as made no distinction between good works, dead works and bad works, came very improperly from those who contended so warmly for liberty to continue in sin, as well as in the use of those works, which they themselves acknowledge, were adopted in the room of circumcision and the passover. 'They forbid to marry, and attach criminality to that for which we have the express command of God.' This, every Believer in Kentucky and Ohio, has from the beginning, contradicted. Forbidding any thing implies authority, and attaching criminality to any thing, belongs to a law. These men never proposed any other than the law of Moses, and every man's conscience as a criterion to distinguish between good and evil. What was thus already condemned, did not remain for them to criminate. Upon the generous principle, that every free agent ought to be allowed,, in matters of religion, to act according to his own faith, they have never, to my knowledge, imposed any prohibition on an individual in relation to matrimony. It is true, that for the kingdom of heaven's sake they choose to be even as Christ in that respect. But their receiving a particular saying of Christ, and living precisely up to it, claims no authority over the children of this world ; they have an indisputable right, according to their own laws, to marry ; and every church may adopt such laws and forms of matrimony as they think proper, and with any such laws or forms, the Shakers have never interfered. The Christians have labored hard to establish the above objection, and not without some plausible pretext. And had the witnesses against Christ no pretext for asserting, 'We heard this fellow say, I will destroy the temple of God?' Did he not say, 'Destroy this temple' and 'I will?' And where was the great evil of transposing the words and putting 'I will' before 'destroy,' when it was so essentially necessary to condemn the deceiver? But I suppose it would be granted, even by the false witness himself, that he was not exactly right. Again, according to their testimony, he was no friend to Caesar. Why? Did he not pay his taxes? True, but he would not fight, he would rather turn the other cheek to the smiter; and spake of another kingdom. If then Christ was plausibly and unjustly accused with aiming to destroy the Jewish temple, and supplant the empire of Csesar, so were the Shakers with the above. It was in fact the Christians who assumed the authority on the occa- sion, and set out to enforce a law given to man in a state of innocence, for the fulfilment of which he wholly unfitted himself by the fall. Gen. i., 2S. That law or command as it respected man, the Shakers supposed the Son of God had disannulled, and from it they conceived they were redeemed by Christ, as well as from all outward ceremonies of atonement, that fallen man had ever lain under in consequence of his disobedience. In claiming this right of redemption, they had enough to do to answer the objections of their accusers, without entering any accusation against others. Although in disannulling the commandment going before, by which sin took occasion to work in human nature all manner of concupiscence, they violated no existing law, either of God or man, except what St. Paul calls a 'law in the members, a law of sin and death.' Rom. vii. Yet upon the authority of these Christian ministers, they have been publicly condemned as the blackest of criminals, and treated according to that character, as far as the wholesome laws of our state would dispense with. How far must it appear from being right, for those wTho claimed the sole power of judging, and whose judgment was not only sanctioned by the shouts of the multitude, but in many instances severely executed, to represent as their unjust accusers, those who were judged, condemned and punished according to their law. 'The testimony of these men goes to part man and wife, and even encourage men to beat and abuse their wives, and turn them away.' How can that be parted which is one 'i Did not God say, 'they twain shall be one flesh ?' These men have more understanding than to propose a separation of this kind. Therefore the testimony they bear, takes no cognizance of man and wife. It came from that world where they neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are as the Angels of God. The testimony cannot be chargeable with evils to which it may indirectly give occasion, any more than the proclamation of American Independence is chargeable with all the acts of outrage and cruelty perpetrated by the British during the revolutionary war. That some of the Christian brethren, have taken occasion from the testimony to beat and abuse a sister, a wife, and drive her off, is matter of fact. But to charge any thing of the kind to the Shakers, is exactly wrong. According to St. Paul, there is neither male nor female among them, yet I am bold to say that since Adam fell, woman never was treated by man with tender kindness and respect, superior to what is commonly manifested among the Believers. 'They are a set of worldly-minded, cunning deceivers, wiiose religion is earthly, sensual and devilish.' These are the words of Brother Stone in his letter of July, 1806. And the proof of this objection was the noisy report, 'The Shakers are come to take people's lands. Every one that joins them must immediately give up his deed to the Elders !' The Christians were considered as very near to the Shakers in their doc- trine and worship, is one reason why many things may have been imputed to the latter, which properly belonged to the former. Some Christian fathers who had the general title of land vested in them, in which others had a lawful partnership, refused to give separate titles according to their promise, but dispossessed their former brethren by profession and nearest kindred in nature, from their valuable and lawful possessions, merely on account of their faith. The Christian church at Paint-lick, refused to make a title to brother Houston for land which he had lawfully paid for, merely on account of his faith. But so foreign from this has been the conduct of the Shakers, that upon land which they purchased and paid for, mainly for the relief and benefit of others, not less than eight families are commodiously settled. This I mention distinct from the daily stream of beneficence that flows from their threshold, for which they receive nothing in return but love and thanks, much less the unlawful surrender of a deed. Who then is the worldly-minded, cunning deceiver? 'They prophesied that such as rejected the testimony would lose their former life and power: 'But,' says Brother Stone, 'now the work of God goes on in spite of all the Calvinists, Shakers, and devils in hell. Now we know your prophets are liars.' (to be continued.)