From an address by Frances E. Willard, before 'The Woman's National Council.'' In the sixteenth century lived St. Philip de Neri. Among his favorite pupils was a young man who became a student in a famous Italian university. One day he went with joyful voice to tell the saint of his successes and his hopes. ' I have entered the law school,' he said, 'and am delighted with my studies, in which I make great progress.' The calm, gentle eyes of the saint regarded him fixedly as he asked, 'Very well, my son, when you have finished the course, what do you mean to do then?' 'Take my degree,' was the answer, with an eager smile. 'And then?' quietly queried the saint. 'Why, I shall attract great notice by my learning, by my eloquence, by my acuteness, and gain a great reputation.' Gently sounded the deep voice of Saint Philip as he asked, 'And then?' 'Why, I sliallbe promoted to great office and grow rich,' answered his pupil, with enthusiam. 'And then?' repeated the Saint. 'Well, then I shall marry and settle in life honorably and win great dignity and distinction.' 'And then?' came the question once more. The young man was puzzled. 'Thenwhy, then I shall die.' In his deep, sweet voice Saint Philip said, 'And then?' The young man made no answer, but cast his glances downward, and hurriedly went away. The same question is still in full force; we, too, are swiftly carried onward with definite achievements in view, and when we have won all that we sought, back comes the deep, rolling surge of eternity's question, 'And then?' Its answer waits; but that answer is as sure as God. Still I turn with gladness to the life that now is and give to you in parting, those great words of Harriet Martineau's great brother James, who, focusing his mind upon the problem of the passing hour, has said: 'Of nothing can we be more sure than this: that if we can not sanctify our present lot, we could sanctify no other. Our heaven and our Almighty Father are he^'e or nowhere. The obstructions of that lot are given for us to heave away by the concurrent touch of a holy spirit and the labor of a strenuous will; its gloom is for us to tint with some celestial light; its mysteries are for our worship, its sorrows for our trust, its perils for our courage, its temptations for our faith. Soldiers of the cross, it is not for us, but for our Leader and our Lord, to choose the field; it is ours, taking the station which he assigns, to make it the field of truth and honor, though it be the field of death.'