HEALTH NOTES FROM MT. LEBANON. No. 2. Martha J. Anderson. Sleep.When people turn night into day, and keep in a state of unnatural excitement, there is no normal sleep; hence the increasing use of narcotics. The old adage 'Early to bed, etc.,' contains a goodly amount of wisdom. The members of our household usually retire by nine o'clock, or earlier if they choose. The quietness and harmony of our surroundings enables most persons to sleep well. We arise at five or half-past five A. M., the early chores are done, such as milking, taking care of teams and furnaces by the Brethren, kitchen and dairy work by the Sisters; some of us make it a rule to go out in the fresh air, breathe deeply and take a little exercise before breakfast. As soon as we are up all the bed clothes are taken off and laid across chairs and nicely aired. The windows are thrown wide open during the breakfast hour, and if the weather is mild all the forenoon until half-past eleven, when the rooms are put in order. No one sleeps on a feather bed; we have bedsteads on rollers so they can be easily moved about; the footboard is low and the bed clothes hang loosely around the sides, so the air can have free circulation. We use wire spring beds and have mattresses. Great attention is given to drainage, so we do not have sewer gas to breathe. Our bath-rooms and water closets are well ventilated. Labor.We have no allotted hours of labor, as we are not the wage slaves of any soulless corporation; we all have a united interest to build up our communistic home, where all share equally of the blessings of existence. Formerly, Brethren had occupations that kept some indoors most of the time, such as putting up seeds and broom making; competition has ruined their business, and they are obliged to do what little they can in the line of farming, gardening and orcharding to get a living. We have some carpenter- ing and mechanical work that occupies the time of a few. The Sisters make white shirts, by water power. The younger Sisters are the operators; they run the machines eight hours a day and frequently change employments. Those who are in places of care and trust usually work the hardest, and their hours of toil are the longest, because there are many duties devolving on them. In a communistic home the Scripture is fulfilled, 'lie that would be greatest among you let him be the servant of all.' Clothing.The day of cloth weaving is pastan industry that was carried on for many years in our Societies. Fabrics are procured more cheaply than we can make them by hand, but none are so durable. We do our own tailoring and dressmaking, and knit our own hose, especially for winter wear, from home-made woolen yarn. The clothing of the Sisters is more uniform in style than that of the Brethren, and wre change our fashions only when we can make a garment more comfortable and comely. The Sisters wear knit or flannel underwear in winter, and our skirts are attached to waists. We do not encase ourselves in corsets, believing that nature constructed the intercostal muscles and ribs to be self-supporting, and that any artificial aid weakens the thorax and compresses the vitals to the detriment of the health, besides destroying freedom of motion. We have good warm home-made shoes, common sense and comfortable in every respect, so we can take a firm, elastic step, and are not tortured with corns, bunions and chilblains, which come from wearing tight shoes and thin stockings. Our light lace caps save us from wearing wads of false hair and hours of hair dressing. Improvements.Great improvements have been made in the past few years in labor-saving machinery. Our washing is done with much less drudgery. A good mill for cleansing the clothes and a wringer, both run by water power, saves muscular strength. In summer our clothes are dried out of doors on stationary galvanized wires around a well kept lawn; in winter by hot air in a small room. We have a brother who is an excellent machinist, to whom we are indebted for many conveniences. Recreation.We seldom leave home except on duty. In summer and winter the family have a day's outing, and sometimes a company of Brethren and Sisters visit other Societies, or spend a few days from home for a change and recreation. The boys attend school in winter, the girls in summer, and when they are not in school they are receiving an industrial education, mingled with innocent amusements. The younger Sisters have an hour for music each day, and in the summer evenings take great pleasure in playing croquet on the lawn, or taking a pleasant walk through the orchards and gardens; they also have flower beds requiring their care and attention. Our evenings are spent in reading, writing and knitting; we have some kind of meeting nearly every evening, either for worship, general reading, singing or mutual improvement. We endeavor to keep well informed on general topics of interest and reform; many papers are taken in the family, both secular and spiritual, and as we do not believe in light reading or frivolous amusements, we strive for ethical and se-sthetical culture on the higher planes of thought and life.