Union Village, Ohio. Dear Editor:If the subject of spring had not been worn threadbare, I fear I should be tempted to fall into a romantic frame of mind and spin out a yard or two of spring poetry which on falling into your hands would find its way into the waste basket where all such poetry belongs. The first fat robin dropped into town a few weeks ago and I addressed him in a few lines from Irving's 'Birds of Spring.' 'Oh, could I fly I'd fly with thee!' etc. The furnace is now in good running order and the Office, Post Office, Dwelling house, and Infirmary are heated by steam. A good story is told of the difficulty with which anthracite coal was made to burn under a boiler when the attempt was first made to use it as a fuel. The coal was put into the furnace on top of a large amount of wood. It was raked and poked and blown all the forenoon, but the 'black stones' showed no signs of burning. At noon, utterly disgusted, the proprieter and his men slammed the furnace doors and went home to dinner. When they returned at one o'clock, they found every thing 'red hot.' All the coal needed was to be let alone. This is just what any hard coal fire needs if the coal is to be consumed with economy. Poking, shaking, raking down ashes, and all other means employed for disturbing the fire only result in waste. The carpenters are busy this week i&gt;utting a partition through the lower end of the dining room allowing two good sized rooms, one for the Brethren's waiting room and one for the Sisters, which will be very convenient, having only to slip out of the room into the dining hall. Hearing so much about our recent improvements, I wonder if our Editor would not like to come and see us? You may take this as an invitation. The presence of good manners is nowhere more effective than in the household and Emerson says: 'Good manners are made up of petty saciiflces,' and certainly nothing can more thoroughly secure the harmony and peace of the family circle than the habit of making small sacrifices one for another. A. 13. G.