West Pittsfield, Mass. Dear Editor:The introductory days of April were so balmy and sunny, that glad anticipations of an early spring had been raised, but the cold wave now passingover us has somewhat blighted our hopes. Nevertheless, relying on the promise that 'seed-time and harvest'' will come, we have commenced ploughing and trust that if we sow with a liberal hand and exercise proper care thereafter, we shall be blest with a rich harvest. The roads are in better condition than they have been in some former seasons at so early a date, yet transportation over them has been somewhat impeded. Our worthy Leader, Elder Bishop of the East family, has for some time past been in a low condition of health, but we are pleased to note that he is gradually improving and that, although he has passed the bound of years allotted to man, he does not purpose to leave for the Spirt World yet. We hope he may be spared many years to come, to counsel, bless and aid those who so much need his fatherly care. Eldress Lois of the same family is also very feeble. May she receive the balm of healing and long live to guide the little flock now under her charge, into paths of righteousness. Br. Ira is still an invalid and our united prayer is, that the omnipotent Father who is cognizant of his sufferings and of our needs, may bless him with renewed vitality and strength, and make his days many and full of usefulness. We rejoiced so much in the cheering interview, (though entirely too brief) with our loved and esteemed Father Elder Abraham, while on his late westerly trip, that we cannot forbear mentioning it even now. Those worthy veterans of the cross will soon be called hence to join the band of immortal heroes, who have 'fought the good fight,' won the laurels of victory and are now triumphing in their conquest. It is always a satisfaction to read the kind words that are said in regard to our aged fathers and mothers, and indeed it seems commendable to mention their worthy deeds and uprightness of character while they are yet with us, that they may know they are loved and appreciated. Br. Franklin Youngs who accompanied Elder Abraham was truly a welcome guest, and we hope he may bless us with his presence many times in the future. J. L. S.