NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. April. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1891. 28.7!? 2.%in. 23 in. 1892. 43.9 .%in. 1. in. C. R. 'Fokkn'oon and afternoon and night. Forenoon And afternoon and night. Forenoon and what! The empty song repeats itself. No more? Yea, that is life. Make this forenoon sublime, This afternoon a psalm, this night a prayer, And Time is conquered and thy crown is won.' And such is life. When we say 'Life is what we make it,' we means not the singular editorial we but it is strictly plural. Especially is this true in Community, where our close relation makes of each member, a responsible factor for the good of the whole. Each one is different originally, yet this very difference, when under the strict discipline of self-denial, makes life a grand harmony. Such are our possibilities, and this ideal should be our aim. In this we find no monotony, for life is one grand aspiration for the greatest of all conquests, the ruling of the spirit. With this object in view it matters not whether sunshine or storm is our portion. The storm gives us fortitude, and in the clear sunshine, we can enjoy the fruits of our toil. We have no need to say 'Spring has come,' for it comes every year. By the 'Home Notes' we see that our experiences are identical. A late spring in one locality east of the Alleghanies, is the same throughout. Yet a difference is noticeable in the use people make of their advantages or disadvantages. A report of the success of the different Societies, tends to stimulate the otherwise indifferent, and creates a laudable emulation. In no kind of business is promptness and perseverance more richly rewarded than in agriculture; and by the diligence of our toiling Elder Calvin, we expect even our late spring will not deprive us of the usual ample maintenance of our vegetable garden. Father Time against whom even absolute necessity cannot prevail, has so enfeebled our worthy Elder Daniel Boler, that he resigns his position at the head of Community. Long and bravely has he stood at the helm, and his sturdy faithfulness to his trust, wins for him the epithet, 'Well done, good and faithful servant.' He retires to the quiet of the Infirmary where we know he will receive the kindest care and attention, from those who occupy in that department. Our old saw-mill erected in 1835, becoming unfit for use. is now being taken down and though we delight in having the useless and unsightly removed, still with the usual clinging to old landmarks, we regret to see it go, since all through our early life, the opening of its door was as sure a harbinger of spring as were the blue-birds and robins, and the music of its saw seemed to hasten the departure of winter. We had our first thunder-storm of the season during the night of May 3rd. lasting four hours, and going entirely around us, showing that we were in the storm center. A. D. Center Family. May 11, 1892. Everything seems to be progressing, very nicely at present, although the season is rather late. Our potatoes are all planted and the Brethren are preparing the ground for corn. We have a small portion of the garden sown to early vegetables. We expect to cut a meal of asparagus tomorrow. The trees are not leaved out as yet although a few cherry trees have begun to blossom. The summer term of school has opened with manifest interest on the part of the pupils. Last Sabbath we were notified of the resignation of our good Father, Elder Daniel Boler from his position as first Minister. Elder Joseph succeeds him and also retains his own position. May he always have the good-will and assistance of the Brethren and Sisters in his numerous burdens is the sincere prayer of the writer. North K'ainily. May, 1892. We had a very dry April, and it was thought we should have a very early spring: but it has proved a very late one. Peas sown three weeks ago are just above ground. Our gardens are not yet all planted. Farm work is a little ahead of usual. Sisters have had the houses about all turned inside out, and put back again, according to gospel order just as far as we could attain to it. We realize that the gospel is not as yet manifest in its perfection. We are longing and working for a renewed baptism of gospel life, fire and light. Habits and customs we have been in for many years become almost second nature, and often without thinking we assert that they are all right; and anything coming against them is apt to be taken for error and fought against with a great deal of zeal. This I think is especially true in the realm of thought. It needs a good deal of divine wisdom to discern the truth, and more simplicity to acknowledge it when it is presented. Nothing but a genuine love for the truth will enable any one to accept and obey it. Who can possibly have this love, but those whose lives are made straight by being squared in accordance with the Golden Rule. In kindest love, D. O. South. ITamily. May, 1892. Dear Editoe;We feel it a duty as well as a privilege to occasionally drop you a few lines. The beautiful month of May that we always hail with joy is ushered in, and the aspect of the universe round about us, prompts us to come forth to action, and enjoy a newness of life. The earthly elements are doing their duty so beautifully, that we feel to cheer, comfort and bless the true and faithful. We endeavor to do right continually regardless of the deceitful works of the enemy. We have been busy lately, filling orders for Boston people who know the comfort found in the Shaker Chairs. They were first manufactured by the Shakers and are the same in all parts of our country. Necessity demands chairs for comfort, for the poor body, and the testimony of the gospel for the poor sonl, as long as the earth is peopled with civilized men and women who want righteousness to rule the gospel must be preached. Of late I have looked through three new books and each one alluded to the Shakers, they are never forgotten. They were good books. Our worthy friend O. W. Holmes wrote one 'Over the Teacups.' The others were 'There is no Death,' and 'flow she became a Spiritualist.' I found a great deal of useful information in the last book one side of the spiritual part. House-cleaning is being done. By keeping cleanly the year round, we find much lighter work in the spring but must then make a general move. Our Dear Eldress Ann called at our home lately and we were all pleased to have her tarry over night with us. Hope she will come again. More blessed is her life than that of the Empress Eugenie and more glorious her reward. None of us on the sick list just now. S. A. C. Canaan, N. Y. Apr. 1892. Beloved Elder Henry;It gives us great pleasure to read the 'Home Notes' ia the Manifesto and so we thought we would add our mite also. A little practical common sense is much more interacting and instructive than dry theology. The former contains the essence of true religion and whenever brought into activity, has always benefited humanity; while the latter has caused bitter strife and angry contests and consequently great suffering. / We are a little band few in number and young in years, enjoying a beautiful home In the lovely land of Canaan. We think and study, and are trying to learn and comprehend truth in its simplicity and reduce it to practice. We are trying to solve the problem of getting a living minus hirelings, as the hired element is antagonistic to pure Christianity. It savors too much of the master and slave principle to be tolerated by a religious Community, and we hope that in the march of progress mechanics will be developed and educated in our institution that we may be entirely relieved of this great evil, which like a canker worm is sapping the life out of the best fruit of our Order. Our three good Brethren and six boys have labored indefatigably the past winter. They have procured a good supply of ice, chopped down trees, hauled the logs home, sawed, split and piled wrood for home consumption, and made brooms, besides attending to all other duties peculiar to farming without any hired help. The Sisters also heartily co-operate, all are determined to maintain the principle, though it cramps our acquisitiveness and even deprives us of some of this world's goods which we now deem indispensable; the oss of which however might redound to our advantage in the ultimate. The sacrifice would seem trifling when compared with the great spiritual benefits consequently derived, resulting from a lively growth and development of a Community reared on the divine base of justice mercy and love. Forming a paradise, a home whose attractions would be so strong, whose internal influence so potent, as to be clearly seen and felt by truth- loving souls. School for both boys and girls has been ably taught by one of our Sisters the proof of which is seen in the improvement of the pupils. E. O.