Enfield, N. H. May, 1S92. Dear Editoij:'Notes about Home' have come to be quite an institution in our monthly, occupying nearly half the space, counting out that used for reviewing the Revival of 1808., and if the same amount was to be covered with selections from other papers, it is far better appropriated. The Editorial is always excellent, the legitimate fruit of a life devoted to the best interests of our respective homes, but it often occurs to the mind of any thoughtful reader we presume, that the principles which do or should govern these homes, are too seldom discoursed upon: insomuch that the casual reader abroad would too often fail to find the question answered even in part. What do these people believe? A church without a formal creed is n &gt; cause of alarm, in these days of the crumbling of all creeds but where societies are constantly being organized, however short-lived, taking parts of our belief as a foundation, certainly, one which has existed for one hundren years, upon principles, firm, in that they are unselfish, as the everlasting hills, should often place said principles before the reader, in language not mis-leading. The 'Confession of sin,' so often conconfounded with the belief and practice of the Roman Catholic church, where male priests alone minister; however erroneous this idea may seem to us, it invariably manifests itself in conversing with strangers. We are doing as all good Christians aim to, at this season, when nature decks herself in fresh attire, some interior painting is in progress; the fashion of our foremothers, of turning every thing upside down, is greatly improved upon: but we have yet to learn that repose, at times, is not indulgence, and that body or mind, 'forever busy' is sure to find vengeance. Blessed are they who find the happy medium, and learn wisdom before too late, ! may not be among the proverbs of Solomon, but it is just as necessary that the | earthly existence may be rounded out to its full capacity for doing good and working righteousness. I We send a loving welcome in advance, j to the dear friends whom we are expect- | ing to entertain as guests the coming season, also to any who may be kind enough \ to surprise us with a visit. E. B. j