SOMETHING NEW. Jessie Evans. A desire for something new seems to possess the minds of all classes in this day of unrest and dissatisfaction, an undefined longing for something from a new source, an outline of character of a new design and pattern. The old course of dishonesty and deceit, entailing misery, has been pursued by millions to its hollow, bitter end. Even those conscientiously seeking a better or religious life, have become so embarrassed by forms and creeds1, teaching implicit trust in Jesus, who died on Calvary, that the exhortation to 'work out our own salvation,' has been lost sight of by the masses, while the soul cry still goes out, 'Where shall we find, the new and lasting good?' 'Not here,' cries Wealth, 'shrouds have no pockets ; I am simply a condition of Time.' 'Not here,' answers Fame, 'what's in a name?' 'Not here!' is the response from the votaries of Pleasure, 'all is old, old and dissatisfactory.' Thus have we the past experiences of time, strength, health, wealth, pleasure, all, spent 'chasing a shadow.' Still we urge, Where may we look for the 'Something New?' Listen !'Behold, I make all things new.' 'New things do I declare; I will bring the blind by a way that they knew not.' 'I will make crooked paths straight.' The Savior of men alone answers our question satisfactorily. What can be newer than a life 'hid with Christ in God?' Things of earth 'perish with their using;' and its pleasures and fruits are but the joys of a moment. With our dual existence, the something new must embrace both Time and Eternity to be perfect in its attraction. Our Elder Brother presented a beautiful picture when he said, as in Luke, xx :They that are accounted worthy to obtain that world and the resurrection from the dead * * are equal unto the angels in heaven and are the children of God, being the children of the resurrection. Equal unto the angels! Is this an old story? The testimony of the Christ opened the way for a separation from the oldness of sin and self, which had been lived previous to his advent and the prospect of new conditions and new rewards was held before 'Whosoever will.' The laws which governed the old life referred to, have been so thoroughly impressed upon the characters of the past generations, that these have become a second nature, until now, one writer declares, taht 'Doing nothing is doing ill;' as yet we are so wedded to old ideas and the soulless worship of tradition. From these phases of oldness, we yearn for something new. A change from old to new necessitates a change of law, and we must consult the new conditions. Will not the following quotations be embodied in the 'New Covenant' promised:'Unless a man forsake all that he hath, yea and his own life also, he eannot be my disciple.' 'Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy might, mind and strength, and thy neighbor as thyself.' 'Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the Kingdom of Heaven, bat he that doeth the will of my Father which is in Heaven.' The Apostle James wrote of the tongue 'which no man can tame.' In the new order of Christian discipline, the same tongue that could not be. governed under the old law, is heard proclaiming the word of God, to the entire exclusion of less worthy themes. It is thus within our power to become new beings, equal to the angels of God. Dear young Christian workers, will we not have the 'Something new?' It is within our reach and attainment. Will we not enter a new field of labor which will afford soul happiness, through Time and Eternity? It is before us. There are prayers to be offered for the needy, words of encouragement to the halting, principles of deep and lasting truth to be upheld in daily association. No phase of selfishness can retard the upward progress of the genuine Christian worker. The burning coal from the altar of eternal! truth, leads to a full and honest confession of all sin, which so lights the pathway of the sincere-hearted, that he is made able thereby to discern between the ' 'precious and the vile,' between him that feareth God and him that feareth Him not, and will render him a swift witness against all who work iniquity in this new order of discipleship. Who will enter at this strait gate? The reward is a 'hundred-fold' of blessing and the chastening of persecution in this life and in the world to come life everlasting. Who will enter? The reward will be 'Something new.' Let us strive for its possession. East Canterbury, N. H.