Lydia Dole, Beloved Sister:--Your letter of the 17th inst... Enfield, N. H., Jan. 1892. Lydia Dole, Beloved Sister : Your letter of the 17th inst. was duly received. To be so kindly remembered is very comforting. I thank you for the fruits of your pen and the love of your soul; and as is your prayer for the blessing and prosperity of Enfield, so is my interest in Sonyea and prayers for continued blessing. Nay, kind Sister, I had not heard of the demise of my well-remembered and long-loved brother Emmory. In early manhood he sought righteousness and honored Zion. Many long years and through many scenes of trial and heaviness of heart he toiled for her interest and the salvation of his own soul. I can but weep as I write, in memory of his brave and noble struggles to preserve the honor of the gospel, protect the church of his adoption and maintain the divine Order revealed to his understanding. The measure of his days was full and his life, as I trust, was rounded out with a reward that gave him a satisfactory triumph. My heart blesses him. In the course of nature I must soon follow him. I am but about three months his junior in age, he being born July 1807, and I the October following. It is a great satisfaction, that as people age, grow in years, mentally their faculties are preserved, in their spiritual interests they do not wane, and in dropping the mortal it be in honor. When my usefulness is no more here, then I pray that I may be gathered to my fathers and my mothers, and in no sense or degree would I be left to dishonor my profession or the Christian name. It seems Sonyea has had her afflictions from La Grippe, the mortal foe to human weal. We too have been visited and suffered from his heavy hand. None, however, are or have been dangerously ill. You kindly invite me to visit Sonyea I thank you, assuring you it would give me great pleasure. Three times it has been my privilege to share your kind hospitality and enjoy the soul ministrations of your people. This is to me valuable, a favor granted only to a very few of our people. As much as it would please me again to be with you it is not likely such a privilege will ever be mine. In this life I may never see you again and personally enjoy communion or interchange of thought, unless you come to New Hampshire which I really wish you would. This wrould give you rest, thus lengthening your days and giving to Sonyea the blessing of your more extended usefulness. Our winter has been remarkably mild ; but few cold days and very little snow. Sleighing only for a few days. Our love for Groveland is not abated. It grows with our years. Please accept it and extend to all our dear friends. Your Brother, Abraham Perkins.