East Canterbury, N. H. May, 1892. 'The beautiful month of May, when the fields and forests smile with gladness all clad in new robes of beauty.' So says the anthem that was made and sung some forty years anterior to the present date. Central Xew Hampshire now enjoys all the beauty and loveliness of the above song. The fields especially are clad in new robes that are beautifully green and the farmers eyes must sparkle at the thought of well filled barns in the anticipated midsummer harvest. The many varieties of trees are pleasantly awakening from their protracted slumbers and making glad the hearts of old and young. Health follows in the beauty of all this new life, as with a whole soul we remember the great goodness of our Heavenly Father. The Willows whose home is on the shore of the pond or by the side of the stream, were the first to awaken and welcome the return of spring. On the development of their pretty yellow catkins, tens of thousands of little, honey-gatherers are in the air to harvest the treasures of pollen. The red maples decorated in beautiful, scarlet plumes are among the ornamental flowering trees of our northern climate. The white birches are now sending forth their new formed leaves, and the clusters of trees in the distance look like a light green band suspended in the air. The leaves on the maple trees are just beginning to expand, while the apples, pears, and cherries are still closely hid away in their buds. In a very few days and before these lines will reach the reader, a wonderful change will have taken place. With this new development of life from God, we share in the universal good that comes to all mankind, and may also rejoice in that marvelous promise which was given to our fathers, many thousands of years in the past. 'While the earth remaineth, seed-time and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.' With this precious promise the farmers and gardeners may make all due preparations for ploughing and planting. Our family of feathered songsters have slightly increased and now include the robins, bluebirds, sparrows and martins. We shall anticipate a visit from a few more families before the month closes. The crows, blue-jays, chickadees and English sparrows have been with us all winter. June is said to be the most beautiful month of the year in New Hampshire. It is full of nature's northern beauty and cannot otherwise than make the heart to rejoice. * Weather Record, for April 1892. Highest Temp, during the mo. 65. Lowest ' ' ' ' 20. Mean ' ' ' ' 43.1 Total rainfall ' ' ' .82 in. Number of days rain ' ' :3 N. A. Biuggs.