SCRIPTURE TEXT. Explain John, iii., 13. 'No man hath ascended up to heaven but he that came down from heaven, even the Son of man which is in heaven.' And reconcile it with 2 Kings, ii., 11. ' 'And it came to pass as they still went on and talked, that behold, there appeared a chariot of fire and horses of fire and parted them asunder and Elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven.' Jesus in his earlier remarks had said, 'If any one be not born from above he cannot see the Kingdom of God.' God was to be his Father, and God's Kingdom his home. Jesus was anxious to have his disciples understand about the coming of this Kingdom, and to bear in mind that it was to be above the earth, where they could, in safety, lay up their treasures. Mis prayer was that God's will might be done on earth as in Heaven. Some entertained the erroneous idea that this heaven was above the earth in the firmament in which the sun, moon and stars are placed. They had reached that degree in speculative theology that they had located their personal God and his heavenly Kingdom in the fixed stars, while others were quite positive that it must be in the sun. Jesus would disabuse their minds of this false notion, and remarked that no man hath ascended up to any such heaven. Many had supposed that Enoch was carried bodily, up from the earth, and became an inhabitant of that heavenly sphere. 'For God took him,' and that Elijah went up into the same heaven, in a whirlwind. But neither Enoch nor Elijah had occasion for any such special demonstration. To walk with God, is to walk in the light and in the truth. It is the spiritual relation which Jesus taught should exist between himself and his disciples. It was the heavenly relation which he said would not come by observation, but that it was already in the hearts of his people. Heaven is happiness, a state of atone-ment with God, and no whirlwind nor chariot of fire can ever transport the soul to this blissful abode. The calling of Elijah and Elisha rendered them highly susceptible to spiritual influences and the chariot and horses of fire, and the falling of the mantle wTere from the illumination of the mind of the seer, rather than real. The mantle that fell upon Elisha was the baptism into a deeper prophetic work upon which he undoubtedly entered with renewed zeal after the death of his teacher. The laws of God in the government of the affairs of this world, are still remaining, no doubt, 'very good' as they were in the beginning. At that time it was declared of the mortality of man,'Dust thou art and unto dust thou shalt return.' That a deviation has been made in one or two instances as manifestations of wonder for man, is quite questionable. The words of the preacher convey a very correct idea of this subject. 'Then shall the dust return to the earth as it was : and the spirit shall return unto God who gave it.'