Books and Papers. The Scarlet Letter A GREAT STORY. 'The Scarlet Letter.' Nathaniel Hawthorne's most celebrated story, and one of the most famous in American literature. up to a few weeks ago cost, in cheapest cloth binding, 81.00, or in paper, 50 cents. We have just received a very neat and thoroughly well made cloth bound edition from John B. Alden, Publisher, New York, which he sells for 20 cents, plus 5 cents for postage, if by instil: the same in paper covers he sells for 10 cents, postpaid. His Catalogue of choice books, over 100 pages, which he sends to any one for 2-cents postage, is a literary curiosity, which every book-buyer ought to have, of corn's'. His publications are not sol 1 by booksellers, but only direct. Address, .John B. Alden, Publisher, 57 Rose St., New York. The Ladies' Home Journal There is an interesting group of bright girls at the New England Conservatory of Music, in Boston, who represent the quality of push characteristic of the American girl. There are some thirty-five of these girls, and they are being musically and vocally educated by The Ladies' Home Journal of Philadelphia. Some time ago this magazine offered, as a stimulant to girls to get subscriptions for it, free education at the Conservatory. The American girl is quick to see a chance, and one by one these thirty-five girls have come from all parts of the country to Boston. They receive the very best the Conservatory affords, the most desirable rooms in the building are theirs, and they have all their wants carefully looked after by a wealthy periodical. Perhaps in no other country on the face of the globe could such a thing be possible. These girls, too, the reporter was told, belong to nice families, but they preferred to earn their own musical education rather than depend on the family purse. Of course, the particular girls are unknown to the scholars at large, and to all intents and purposes they are paying their own way. And they certainly are. It is said that the magazine is also educating a number of other girls at Wellesley, Smith and Vassar Colleges. In Phrenological Journal and Science of Health In Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for May a gentleman who has distinguished English journalism gives stiriking testimony for the usefulness of Phrenology. It is Mr. Wm. T. Stead, whose portrait stands in the opening page. Some views of Persia from the sketch book of a lady traveler follow. The function of Acquisitiveness is variously illustrated, and a writer vigorously attacks the notion that appears to prevail in society that there are men and women stand on a different moral footing. Some spicy reading occupies the department of Practical Phrenology, and D. P. Butler, of Boston, the 'Health Lift' man, is the phrenological example of the number. Mrs. Hull points out the use and manner of coercion in training young children, and little Queen Wilhelmina of Holland is portrayed in significant style by the editor. How to Care for the Sick, The First Schools on Manhattan Island and the late Senior Admiral of the British Navy, sir Provo Wallis, who died recently over a hundred years of age, are notable parts of the month's record. The editorial matter is suggestive and varied, as usual. Published at 15c. a number, or $1.50 a year. This number is dated from the new office, and letters should be addressed Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 25 East Twenty-first St. New York.IT PAYS TO READ THE PAPERS, especially your county paper, for often through this medium business chances and opportunities are presented that might otherwise entirely escape your attention. For instance, B. F. Johnson &amp; Co., Richmond, Va., have an advertisement in this paper that will prove of especial interest and value to a large number of people hereabouts. Write to them for further particulars.