NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. April. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1891. 28.7!? 2.%in. 23 in. 1892. 43.9 .%in. 1. in. C. R. 'Fokkn'oon and afternoon and night. Forenoon And afternoon and night. Forenoon and what! The empty song repeats itself. No more? Yea, that is life. Make this forenoon sublime, This afternoon a psalm, this night a prayer, And Time is conquered and thy crown is won.' And such is life. When we say 'Life is what we make it,' we means not the singular editorial we but it is strictly plural. Especially is this true in Community, where our close relation makes of each member, a responsible factor for the good of the whole. Each one is different originally, yet this very difference, when under the strict discipline of self-denial, makes life a grand harmony. Such are our possibilities, and this ideal should be our aim. In this we find no monotony, for life is one grand aspiration for the greatest of all conquests, the ruling of the spirit. With this object in view it matters not whether sunshine or storm is our portion. The storm gives us fortitude, and in the clear sunshine, we can enjoy the fruits of our toil. We have no need to say 'Spring has come,' for it comes every year. By the 'Home Notes' we see that our experiences are identical. A late spring in one locality east of the Alleghanies, is the same throughout. Yet a difference is noticeable in the use people make of their advantages or disadvantages. A report of the success of the different Societies, tends to stimulate the otherwise indifferent, and creates a laudable emulation. In no kind of business is promptness and perseverance more richly rewarded than in agriculture; and by the diligence of our toiling Elder Calvin, we expect even our late spring will not deprive us of the usual ample maintenance of our vegetable garden. Father Time against whom even absolute necessity cannot prevail, has so enfeebled our worthy Elder Daniel Boler, that he resigns his position at the head of Community. Long and bravely has he stood at the helm, and his sturdy faithfulness to his trust, wins for him the epithet, 'Well done, good and faithful servant.' He retires to the quiet of the Infirmary where we know he will receive the kindest care and attention, from those who occupy in that department. Our old saw-mill erected in 1835, becoming unfit for use. is now being taken down and though we delight in having the useless and unsightly removed, still with the usual clinging to old landmarks, we regret to see it go, since all through our early life, the opening of its door was as sure a harbinger of spring as were the blue-birds and robins, and the music of its saw seemed to hasten the departure of winter. We had our first thunder-storm of the season during the night of May 3rd. lasting four hours, and going entirely around us, showing that we were in the storm center. A. D. Center Family. May 11, 1892. Everything seems to be progressing, very nicely at present, although the season is rather late. Our potatoes are all planted and the Brethren are preparing the ground for corn. We have a small portion of the garden sown to early vegetables. We expect to cut a meal of asparagus tomorrow. The trees are not leaved out as yet although a few cherry trees have begun to blossom. The summer term of school has opened with manifest interest on the part of the pupils. Last Sabbath we were notified of the resignation of our good Father, Elder Daniel Boler from his position as first Minister. Elder Joseph succeeds him and also retains his own position. May he always have the good-will and assistance of the Brethren and Sisters in his numerous burdens is the sincere prayer of the writer. North K'ainily. May, 1892. We had a very dry April, and it was thought we should have a very early spring: but it has proved a very late one. Peas sown three weeks ago are just above ground. Our gardens are not yet all planted. Farm work is a little ahead of usual. Sisters have had the houses about all turned inside out, and put back again, according to gospel order just as far as we could attain to it. We realize that the gospel is not as yet manifest in its perfection. We are longing and working for a renewed baptism of gospel life, fire and light. Habits and customs we have been in for many years become almost second nature, and often without thinking we assert that they are all right; and anything coming against them is apt to be taken for error and fought against with a great deal of zeal. This I think is especially true in the realm of thought. It needs a good deal of divine wisdom to discern the truth, and more simplicity to acknowledge it when it is presented. Nothing but a genuine love for the truth will enable any one to accept and obey it. Who can possibly have this love, but those whose lives are made straight by being squared in accordance with the Golden Rule. In kindest love, D. O. South. ITamily. May, 1892. Dear Editoe;We feel it a duty as well as a privilege to occasionally drop you a few lines. The beautiful month of May that we always hail with joy is ushered in, and the aspect of the universe round about us, prompts us to come forth to action, and enjoy a newness of life. The earthly elements are doing their duty so beautifully, that we feel to cheer, comfort and bless the true and faithful. We endeavor to do right continually regardless of the deceitful works of the enemy. We have been busy lately, filling orders for Boston people who know the comfort found in the Shaker Chairs. They were first manufactured by the Shakers and are the same in all parts of our country. Necessity demands chairs for comfort, for the poor body, and the testimony of the gospel for the poor sonl, as long as the earth is peopled with civilized men and women who want righteousness to rule the gospel must be preached. Of late I have looked through three new books and each one alluded to the Shakers, they are never forgotten. They were good books. Our worthy friend O. W. Holmes wrote one 'Over the Teacups.' The others were 'There is no Death,' and 'flow she became a Spiritualist.' I found a great deal of useful information in the last book one side of the spiritual part. House-cleaning is being done. By keeping cleanly the year round, we find much lighter work in the spring but must then make a general move. Our Dear Eldress Ann called at our home lately and we were all pleased to have her tarry over night with us. Hope she will come again. More blessed is her life than that of the Empress Eugenie and more glorious her reward. None of us on the sick list just now. S. A. C. Canaan, N. Y. Apr. 1892. Beloved Elder Henry;It gives us great pleasure to read the 'Home Notes' ia the Manifesto and so we thought we would add our mite also. A little practical common sense is much more interacting and instructive than dry theology. The former contains the essence of true religion and whenever brought into activity, has always benefited humanity; while the latter has caused bitter strife and angry contests and consequently great suffering. / We are a little band few in number and young in years, enjoying a beautiful home In the lovely land of Canaan. We think and study, and are trying to learn and comprehend truth in its simplicity and reduce it to practice. We are trying to solve the problem of getting a living minus hirelings, as the hired element is antagonistic to pure Christianity. It savors too much of the master and slave principle to be tolerated by a religious Community, and we hope that in the march of progress mechanics will be developed and educated in our institution that we may be entirely relieved of this great evil, which like a canker worm is sapping the life out of the best fruit of our Order. Our three good Brethren and six boys have labored indefatigably the past winter. They have procured a good supply of ice, chopped down trees, hauled the logs home, sawed, split and piled wrood for home consumption, and made brooms, besides attending to all other duties peculiar to farming without any hired help. The Sisters also heartily co-operate, all are determined to maintain the principle, though it cramps our acquisitiveness and even deprives us of some of this world's goods which we now deem indispensable; the oss of which however might redound to our advantage in the ultimate. The sacrifice would seem trifling when compared with the great spiritual benefits consequently derived, resulting from a lively growth and development of a Community reared on the divine base of justice mercy and love. Forming a paradise, a home whose attractions would be so strong, whose internal influence so potent, as to be clearly seen and felt by truth- loving souls. School for both boys and girls has been ably taught by one of our Sisters the proof of which is seen in the improvement of the pupils. E. O. Shakers, N. Y. t Soiitli Family. May, 1892. Apkil has been a cold, dry, windy month. Oats all sown, potatoes nearly all planted. Grass and winter grain, backward; we may say vegetation has been at a stand-still. We had a severe frost on the 24th. It is too early yet to say what the prospect for fruit will be. Elder Calvin Reed of Mount Lebanon, made us a flying visit. Our beloved Ministry returned to the Mount the 4th. inst. Spring thus far is backward, still we have enough to do at present to obey the counsel of Mother Ann, to repair our fences, plant and sow, that we may reap a harvest to sustain the natural body. This is 'hands to work,' but her counsel did not stop here, for she added, 'Hearts to God.' How about the spiritual fences? Are they kept in repair, by obeying the orders of God, which are a wall of protection to all who keep them? Is the spiritual soil prepared by an honest confession and true repentance, to receive and grow the seeds of love and good-will, combined with all the Christian graces, that help to make us what our profession calls for, true followers of Christ and Mother? Let us not lose heart and courage to perform our part, nor let selfishness, personal ease or lukewarmne ss be our sin. Let us begin anew, and bring forth the spiritual plow, and if need be, follow with the sub-soil plow, till we mellow up the cold, selfish indifference, underlying the surface, so that God's light and sunshine can penetrate and warm this dormant soil, and cause the good seeds, not tares to grow in our hearts. Having prepared the spiritual ground, will not a continual cultivation bring about that much-needed condition,a revival such as the Apostles experienced at the day of pentecost. We cannot expect an increase of numbers until this condition is obtained. Let us work and pray in fait!i, trusting in Him, who has never yet forsaken those who sincerely trusted Him in the past, neither will He in the present. Let us not be foolish virgins, expecting God to come to us in our selfish, worldly ideas and ways. We must go to Him in childlike simplicity and obedience. Shaker Station, Conn. May, 1892. A feeling of thankfulness pervades the Society that Elder George has regained a measure of health. To be deprived of his visible presence would 'leave an aching void.' We kindly thank him for getting better. It is said that 'trifles make up the sum of earthly things,' and this is true. The day is made up of small things, all linked together. Let us think of that. The little things of every-day life have a bearing on the endless life beyond. So it is clear that they are worth thinking of and looking after, to see if they are good or evil. They must be one or the other, for nothing that forms part of our lives is or can be neutral. Let us look well to the little things. 'Little leaks make great losses, little savings make great gains.' Good judgment and the capacity for taking pains in little things fits one for success in poultry growing. What an infinitude of details there are! And how much depends on these little things. In providing succulent vegetable food for hens, cabbage is the best. A winter's supply is essential to their health. 'Bowker's Animal Meal' for hens is the most economical of all the meat preparations. Dried sweet corn is the best food for sitting hens, also give them a good s*upply of milk. 3530 spaces of cream were sold in April. D. Okcutt. May, 1892. The beauties of the May month are once more realized. They are most charming to behold and inspiring in their effects. We may have our chosen themes of meditation, and every possible advantage for the constant acquisition of valuable information, but never reach the highest ideal of fruition, and aspiration, until every desire conforms to the standard of true Gospel liberty and charity. Everything at the present time bears the impress of Divine beauty, and is radiant with loveliness, which causes ambition to take the place of depression, joy lights the countenance, and hope is kindled in the eye, in the blissful prospect be.'ore us. And has not God been pleased to institute the finer senses as the medium through which the spirit communicates with the external wTorld during seasons o: discipline and development. We are hard at work tilling the soil. Ten acres of potatoes planted with the Aspinwall planter a good thing; four acres per day can be planted with it. We are preparing for sowing sugar beets, and hope to plant nine acres of corn this week. Our crops this year will be thirty acres of rye, thirty acres of corn and fodder corn, fifteen acres of oats ten acres of potatoes, two and one half acres of sugar beets, besides the mowing. All this having to be done with Breed's weeder. Shortness of water is experienced owing to the long drouth, we had but one good rain in about two months. Cherry and pear trees are in full bloom, we hope the cold winds may not injure them. M. W. Ayer Mass. May, 1892. There is nothing in which mankind make so many mistakes as in estimating the happiness of others. We often envy those who are objects of pity, and waste our commiseration on those who are in reality worthy to be envied. The hovel is not necessarily the abode of misery, nor the palace of pleasure. The beggar may be happier than the king and the slave than his master. He who is at the top of the ladder is in perpetual fear of falling, while if at the foot he only thinks of rising. These are some of my musings, while holding sweet converse with the immortals; and while in prayer for more strength, physically, as well as spiritually, to give for the upbuilding of my beautiful Zion home, and echo says, beautiful Zion home! How has it been made beautiful except by the consecrated labor of willing hands and hearts? And still there are those who are faithfully working in the same cause. We are an active people and the love of action sometimes diverts the mind from the true love of home life, but the effort to make home pleasant is a common duty, that rests upon every member of the family. The pleasure, the friends, the interest of one should receive the polite attention of all. To treat the subject or employment that interests another member of the family as if it was not worth the consideration of intelligent people is to say the least, not very polite. The outside of the house is not always the true Index of the comfort that is within, nor can all the gifts of fortune atone for what nature has denied. The sweetness of good manners has its source too deep to be learned by practice, or rote. It must be innate for it is the visible sign of an inward, spiritual grace. A cheerful and contented mind is the best gift which Providence can bestow upon man. If we have a pleasant home we must make the sacrifices that are necessary to make, the pleasant home. First the unruly tongue must have a bridle that will keep it from uttering slanderous remarks. We must put forth the helping hand to those who are too weak to bear the burdens of life, and so cast the sunshine of blessing upon every one whereever we go. The first of May finds us with the work for spring almost finished. The pleasant weather has hastened the work along so that we are in advance of last season. A. D. B. East Canterbury, N. H. May, 1892. 'The beautiful month of May, when the fields and forests smile with gladness all clad in new robes of beauty.' So says the anthem that was made and sung some forty years anterior to the present date. Central Xew Hampshire now enjoys all the beauty and loveliness of the above song. The fields especially are clad in new robes that are beautifully green and the farmers eyes must sparkle at the thought of well filled barns in the anticipated midsummer harvest. The many varieties of trees are pleasantly awakening from their protracted slumbers and making glad the hearts of old and young. Health follows in the beauty of all this new life, as with a whole soul we remember the great goodness of our Heavenly Father. The Willows whose home is on the shore of the pond or by the side of the stream, were the first to awaken and welcome the return of spring. On the development of their pretty yellow catkins, tens of thousands of little, honey-gatherers are in the air to harvest the treasures of pollen. The red maples decorated in beautiful, scarlet plumes are among the ornamental flowering trees of our northern climate. The white birches are now sending forth their new formed leaves, and the clusters of trees in the distance look like a light green band suspended in the air. The leaves on the maple trees are just beginning to expand, while the apples, pears, and cherries are still closely hid away in their buds. In a very few days and before these lines will reach the reader, a wonderful change will have taken place. With this new development of life from God, we share in the universal good that comes to all mankind, and may also rejoice in that marvelous promise which was given to our fathers, many thousands of years in the past. 'While the earth remaineth, seed-time and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.' With this precious promise the farmers and gardeners may make all due preparations for ploughing and planting. Our family of feathered songsters have slightly increased and now include the robins, bluebirds, sparrows and martins. We shall anticipate a visit from a few more families before the month closes. The crows, blue-jays, chickadees and English sparrows have been with us all winter. June is said to be the most beautiful month of the year in New Hampshire. It is full of nature's northern beauty and cannot otherwise than make the heart to rejoice. * Weather Record, for April 1892. Highest Temp, during the mo. 65. Lowest ' ' ' ' 20. Mean ' ' ' ' 43.1 Total rainfall ' ' ' .82 in. Number of days rain ' ' :3 N. A. Biuggs. Sabbathday Lake, Me. May, 1892. As I take my pen for writing I ask myself the question. What shall I write'for the beautiful month of June? At this date the wind is blowing and the weather is cold for the time of year. By the sound of old JEolus one would think we were about to have a January snow-storm. Sr. E. B. says, that Mascoma Lake loosened its icy fetters April 11th. Sabbathday Lake was a few days later. April 16tli showed its rippling, sparkling waters to full advantage. Arbor day was observed by the school in this place, not in setting out many trees but in trimming and taking care of those already started and by the gathering of many bunches of beautiful May-flowers which are now adorning tables and mantles, filling the rooms with their lovely fragrance. The ground is ready for planting. There are ten acres of grain sown and five of potatoes planted. Corn will have to wait for warmer weather. 254,000 ft. of logs have been sawed at our mill this spring of which 104,000 belong to us and the remainder^ to the neighbors. As Baldwins are the best apples we have for market we have grafted between five and six hundred wild trees with that variety. The Sisters have set out 1}4 doz. fruit trees and 1,000 strawberry plants. Before these notes reach the Manifest:), we shall transport 50 tons of pressed hay to the Portland market. A. S. C. Enfield, N. H. May, 1S92. Dear Editoij:'Notes about Home' have come to be quite an institution in our monthly, occupying nearly half the space, counting out that used for reviewing the Revival of 1808., and if the same amount was to be covered with selections from other papers, it is far better appropriated. The Editorial is always excellent, the legitimate fruit of a life devoted to the best interests of our respective homes, but it often occurs to the mind of any thoughtful reader we presume, that the principles which do or should govern these homes, are too seldom discoursed upon: insomuch that the casual reader abroad would too often fail to find the question answered even in part. What do these people believe? A church without a formal creed is n &gt; cause of alarm, in these days of the crumbling of all creeds but where societies are constantly being organized, however short-lived, taking parts of our belief as a foundation, certainly, one which has existed for one hundren years, upon principles, firm, in that they are unselfish, as the everlasting hills, should often place said principles before the reader, in language not mis-leading. The 'Confession of sin,' so often conconfounded with the belief and practice of the Roman Catholic church, where male priests alone minister; however erroneous this idea may seem to us, it invariably manifests itself in conversing with strangers. We are doing as all good Christians aim to, at this season, when nature decks herself in fresh attire, some interior painting is in progress; the fashion of our foremothers, of turning every thing upside down, is greatly improved upon: but we have yet to learn that repose, at times, is not indulgence, and that body or mind, 'forever busy' is sure to find vengeance. Blessed are they who find the happy medium, and learn wisdom before too late, ! may not be among the proverbs of Solomon, but it is just as necessary that the | earthly existence may be rounded out to its full capacity for doing good and working righteousness. I We send a loving welcome in advance, j to the dear friends whom we are expect- | ing to entertain as guests the coming season, also to any who may be kind enough \ to surprise us with a visit. E. B. j West Pittsfield, Mass. May, 1892. Deab Editob;The wise man tells us in the good book, that 'to everything there is a season and a time to every purpose under the Heavens.' We find that the rapidly revolving wheels of time have again brought round the season for collecting 'Home Notes' and if we do not make haste we shall be as far in the rear as the present spring season. 'Smiling May seems not to come this way,' tkough we find her name registered on the calendar. April appears to hold dominion yet, and through smiles and tears is slowly covering the earth with verdure. Have to-day for the first time, turned a portion of our stock to pasture. A few events have transpired since our last writing. On the 24th ult. Sunday, P. M. a company of tramps while strolling over our fields, either accidentally or purposely set fire to the dead grass which rapidly spread, burning over some ten acres but was happily arrested before it reached the woods or did serious damage. A few days prior to this, Br. Thomas Farish of the East family, owing to the breaking of the harness, was thrown from a carriage and badly injured, but is fast recovering. Notwithstanding this an$ other afflictions the enterprising members constituting that family are not disheartened, but are alive and active. Are remodelling their dwelling house somewhat, by dispensing with the old windows in a portion of the house and replacing them with large plate glass windows adding bathrooms and other modern improvements. House-cleaning painting and some small repairing is in progress and dirt ought to feel that it is a nuisance. Our dear Sister Maria Donne took her departure from earth very suddenly and unexpectedly. We miss her from the circle in which she has moved for nearly half a century, but we would not recall her to earth for she has suffered much physically, and is no doubt happy in the change and now rejoicing in her freedom from the pains of mortality. J. L. S.