Shaker Station, Conn. May, 1892. A feeling of thankfulness pervades the Society that Elder George has regained a measure of health. To be deprived of his visible presence would 'leave an aching void.' We kindly thank him for getting better. It is said that 'trifles make up the sum of earthly things,' and this is true. The day is made up of small things, all linked together. Let us think of that. The little things of every-day life have a bearing on the endless life beyond. So it is clear that they are worth thinking of and looking after, to see if they are good or evil. They must be one or the other, for nothing that forms part of our lives is or can be neutral. Let us look well to the little things. 'Little leaks make great losses, little savings make great gains.' Good judgment and the capacity for taking pains in little things fits one for success in poultry growing. What an infinitude of details there are! And how much depends on these little things. In providing succulent vegetable food for hens, cabbage is the best. A winter's supply is essential to their health. 'Bowker's Animal Meal' for hens is the most economical of all the meat preparations. Dried sweet corn is the best food for sitting hens, also give them a good s*upply of milk. 3530 spaces of cream were sold in April. D. Okcutt. May, 1892. The beauties of the May month are once more realized. They are most charming to behold and inspiring in their effects. We may have our chosen themes of meditation, and every possible advantage for the constant acquisition of valuable information, but never reach the highest ideal of fruition, and aspiration, until every desire conforms to the standard of true Gospel liberty and charity. Everything at the present time bears the impress of Divine beauty, and is radiant with loveliness, which causes ambition to take the place of depression, joy lights the countenance, and hope is kindled in the eye, in the blissful prospect be.'ore us. And has not God been pleased to institute the finer senses as the medium through which the spirit communicates with the external wTorld during seasons o: discipline and development. We are hard at work tilling the soil. Ten acres of potatoes planted with the Aspinwall planter a good thing; four acres per day can be planted with it. We are preparing for sowing sugar beets, and hope to plant nine acres of corn this week. Our crops this year will be thirty acres of rye, thirty acres of corn and fodder corn, fifteen acres of oats ten acres of potatoes, two and one half acres of sugar beets, besides the mowing. All this having to be done with Breed's weeder. Shortness of water is experienced owing to the long drouth, we had but one good rain in about two months. Cherry and pear trees are in full bloom, we hope the cold winds may not injure them. M. W.