Ayer Mass. May, 1892. There is nothing in which mankind make so many mistakes as in estimating the happiness of others. We often envy those who are objects of pity, and waste our commiseration on those who are in reality worthy to be envied. The hovel is not necessarily the abode of misery, nor the palace of pleasure. The beggar may be happier than the king and the slave than his master. He who is at the top of the ladder is in perpetual fear of falling, while if at the foot he only thinks of rising. These are some of my musings, while holding sweet converse with the immortals; and while in prayer for more strength, physically, as well as spiritually, to give for the upbuilding of my beautiful Zion home, and echo says, beautiful Zion home! How has it been made beautiful except by the consecrated labor of willing hands and hearts? And still there are those who are faithfully working in the same cause. We are an active people and the love of action sometimes diverts the mind from the true love of home life, but the effort to make home pleasant is a common duty, that rests upon every member of the family. The pleasure, the friends, the interest of one should receive the polite attention of all. To treat the subject or employment that interests another member of the family as if it was not worth the consideration of intelligent people is to say the least, not very polite. The outside of the house is not always the true Index of the comfort that is within, nor can all the gifts of fortune atone for what nature has denied. The sweetness of good manners has its source too deep to be learned by practice, or rote. It must be innate for it is the visible sign of an inward, spiritual grace. A cheerful and contented mind is the best gift which Providence can bestow upon man. If we have a pleasant home we must make the sacrifices that are necessary to make, the pleasant home. First the unruly tongue must have a bridle that will keep it from uttering slanderous remarks. We must put forth the helping hand to those who are too weak to bear the burdens of life, and so cast the sunshine of blessing upon every one whereever we go. The first of May finds us with the work for spring almost finished. The pleasant weather has hastened the work along so that we are in advance of last season. A. D. B.