IN MEMORIAM. Oliver C. Hampton. Elder Harvey L. Eabs died on the 13th. of Feb. at 6 o'clock a. m. of la grippe, being 84 years 10 months and five days of age. About six weeks ago he was attacked with the grip and gradually grew weaker till he calmly and painlessly passed away on the morning of the 13th. Elder Harvey Lauderdale Eads was born near South Union on the 28th. of April, A. D., 1807. He has' always lived among the Believers called Shakers. Quite early in life he wTas called to share in the heavy burdens and responsibilities of the Church at South Union, standing as associate minister with Elder Benjamin S. Young, one of the three original missionaries from the eastern Church to the western country in 1805, and who located finally and permanently at South Union, Logan county, Ky. Our dear Elder was called to this position with Elder Benjamin when about 20 years of age. From that period to within 3 or 4 years of his decease he continued almost uninterruptedly to occupy some important lot of care in the Church. About the year 1844 he was removed to the Church at Union Village in Warren county and State of Ohio. There for 19 years he faithfully filled the office of Leading Elder, mostly in the novitiate or gathering order. Perhaps no western man has ever occupied that weighty and important position with the same amount of success and general acceptation as our well beloved Elder Harvey. At Union Village he waa universally loved, esteemed and highly appreciated for his versatility of talents and his many social and Christian qualities of character. He was an enthusiastic Shaker, always ready to defend the faith and doctrine of our system as a true incontrovertible Pentecostal church modeled after the pattern of that which was based upon the Evangel of Jesus, eighteen hundred years ago. About the year 1862 he was once more called to the ministerial offie at his ancient home at South Union, Ky., and left for that Society in July of 1862. This office he continued to fill with scrupulous integrity until the infirmities of old age unfitted him f#r its arduous duties. Though by no means a classical scholar, linguist or titled professor, yet his reading and research were so extensive and in so many divers directions that he was held in high esteem among literary magnates far and near and enjoyed the confidence and friendship of many of this class during all of his latter daysHe was charitable and forgiving almost to a fault, and so confiding, forbearing and long-suffering that his life was often embittered by the mean and perfidious, whom he persisted in thinking as good and noble as himself. Elder Harvey in his old age wrote a book entitled 'Shaker Theology,' which is creditable to his genius and true to his principles, and is one of the missionary publications of our Society, several hundred copies of which book have already been sent out. The four cardinal points of our religious faith,celibacy, community of goods, confession of all known sin, non-resistancewere most conscientiously and practically adhered to by our beloved Elder through all the joy and sorrow, prosperity and adversity of his long and useful life. He was always instant in season or out of season in the benevolent work of gathering souls into the Church and offering them the bread of life. He was truly one who 'cast his bread upon the waters that it might be found after many days.' Indeed we are comforted in the assurance that if there ever was a man to whom the words of the rapt seer of old will justly apply it is our good Elder Harvey: 'The wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars forever and ever.' Union Village, Ohio.