NOT FOR AN ORANGE. A pleasant memory of my dear friend and gospel Sister, Ehoda Offord, who took charge of me when a child, Lucy S. Bowbks. Some varied years of my humble life Have gone to the distant past, But my mind some recollection holds That through future years will last. Yea last when the misty veil is drawn, And time is to me no more, When I meet dear friendsthank God they On the river's other shore. [live, The thoughts that circle so lovingly, Are of scenes when just nine years Had marked the length of my life on earth, 'Mid its joys, its pains and fears. I was held in charge by a gentle soul Who sought my utmost good, Who knew the springs of ray little heart, And my mind well understood. She said to me one Sabbath time, 'If you will be kind and true, Quite perfect prove the whole week long, A gift I will give to you.' A child I was, but I labored not With the stimulant thought of praise, Nor with hope of a pleasant recompense That might crown the seven good days. I cherished the thought of affection, pure, That I knew to my soul would flow; That union too that would gather me And help me Godward to grow. I labored on with a constant care, Discreetly and true each day, [beam, And found at the time of the sun's last I had won it in every way. She called me aside to a closet room, And gave me with gentle hand An Orange, as large and sweet and round As grows in the sunniest land. I cannot tellso I will not try How my heart leaped up for joy; A true delight and a holy peace I had gained without alloy. I can see it now, oh it truly seemed Like a golden ball of love, I think I couldn't have prized it more Had it come from the world above. She said in her kind and winsome way, 'Not for an orange my dear, Not for an orange was all your strife, But for love's own sake and cheer.' I might have returned the treasure given And felt my toil well repaid; Not for the symbol, but riches unseen I sought for, lived for and prayed. She knew it, and that was half of the gain My courage grew buoyant and strong; I loved her, she felt it; she loved me I felt it, How glad was my triumphant song. And I think of it now, how well it would be Should we give the good we possess From out of our spiritual caskets each day, Symbolized in deeds that will bless. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.