FAITH DUAL. Alonzo G. Hollister. 'Faith is a gift of God,' and 'without faith it is impossible to please Gol.' 'True faith,' said Father James Whittaker, 'is a saving grace. True faith is to believe a thing to be what it really is. If I believe a thing to be what it is not, I am deeeived.' 'Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God,' spoken'by his messengers. The first and greatest visible messenger of the Divine Spirit, said 'No man can come to the Father but by me.' Again, 'No man can come to me except the Father who ,hath sent me, draw him.' It is written in the Prophets, 'And they shall all be taught of God. Every man therefore, that hath heard and learned of the Father, cometh unto me. He that is of God, heareth God's words.' As 'no man knoweth the things of a man save the spirit of a man which is in him, so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God.' Faith then, is primarily a gift of the Spirit of God, enlightening the conscience, ministered by his angels or messengers. 'For he shall send his angels with the great sound of a trumpet, to gather his elect.' And secondly, a trust or confidence in the visible messengers or bearers of light, whose works must be in and of the light and their fruits must correspond, else they are proved to be false teachers'thieves and robbers,' who steal the sacred fire and light of 'heaven to give life to an image of the Beast' in fallen human nature. These two degrees correspond to the first and second commandments of the Law, viz. 'Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul and with all thy mind.' And 'Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself; which is like unto the first.' 'On these two,' said Jesus, 'hang all the Law and the Prophets ; and there is none other greater than these.' Therefore, upon the reception of these two phases or degrees of faith and obedience to it, depends the soul's new birth, and all subsequent growth and progress in the new and eternal creation of God. True faith then, is predicated upon a revelation of thre Spirit of God (or Christ) in the conscience, and an order of Teachers standing in the light? of that revelation, and hence includes a trust or confidence in the teachers or messengers of light. For without a teacher there can be no disciples and no school; and the pupil must confide in his teacher, else how can he be taught ? (No soul has a knowledge of the way of abiding happiness naturally in them, nor can any acquire it without assistance, except the head of a dispensation.) Therefore Jesus says 'wThosoever receiveth a little child in my name, receiveth me, and whosoever receiveth me, receiveth Him that sent me.' He that receiveth the kingdom of heaven as a little child, can receive it of a child, if such be the duly accredited teacher; of which fruits must be the test. What if the teacher ignorantly or wilfully mingles false doctrine with the true, as in the case of those duly appointed, who have fallen like stars, from heaven to earth? Jesus says, 'If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself.' Why and how? Because the internal and external witness will agree, and experience will confirm their testimony. He that doeth not God's will, i. e. disregards the inward monitor, his internal ear is closed by that spirit which 'is not of God' (not by constraint, as of some superior power, but because he chooses it,) and therefore he 'heareth not God's words,' and of course in that state, cannot know God, imagine as he may. Again, 'The pure in heart shall see God.' Not personally, for 'no man can see God' and live;' (a carnal life.) But by an interior view and knowledge of the character of God, (which is God's likeness in the mind,) he will be able to 'discern between him that serveth God and him that serveth Him not;' also to discriminate between the true and false in doctrine, and the real and specious in practice. Because he loves to obey the commandments of God, which bring death to the carnal will, and destruction to that nature which separates man from his fellows. Such as 'keep the commandments of God and have the testimony of Jesus Christ,' united and traveling together in the Order of the kingdom of heaven (now revealed among men,) constitute the visible sanctuary and church of Christ in this dispensation. These have no need of human learning and research, nor for the wisdom of this world, (which 'is foolishness with God,') to give them knowledge of the way of salvationfor the indwelling 'spirit of Truth' speaks and works through them ; and is their life, which they feel as a substance, daily increasing in their souls. As this is the beginning of that kingdom to be 'set up by the God of heaven,' which the Spirit declared by the prophet should 'never have an end nor be given to another people;' therefore though individuals may err and fall from this holy Order, the Order will remain intact; and there will always be enough of that faithful number united, to fulfill the prophecy; vindicate present and past revelations of the Divine Spirit'convince the world of sin committed ; of righteousness attainable ; and of judgment to be executed,' and advance the kingdom of the God of heaven to its final completion. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.