Books and Papers. The Scarlet Letter A GREAT STORY. 'The Scarlet Letter.' Nathaniel Hawthorne's most celebrated story, and one of the most famous in American literature. up to a few weeks ago cost, in cheapest cloth binding, 81.00, or in paper, 50 cents. We have just received a very neat and thoroughly well made cloth bound edition from John B. Alden, Publisher, New York, which he sells for 20 cents, plus 5 cents for postage, if by instil: the same in paper covers he sells for 10 cents, postpaid. His Catalogue of choice books, over 100 pages, which he sends to any one for 2-cents postage, is a literary curiosity, which every book-buyer ought to have, of corn's'. His publications are not sol 1 by booksellers, but only direct. Address, .John B. Alden, Publisher, 57 Rose St., New York. The Ladies' Home Journal There is an interesting group of bright girls at the New England Conservatory of Music, in Boston, who represent the quality of push characteristic of the American girl. There are some thirty-five of these girls, and they are being musically and vocally educated by The Ladies' Home Journal of Philadelphia. Some time ago this magazine offered, as a stimulant to girls to get subscriptions for it, free education at the Conservatory. The American girl is quick to see a chance, and one by one these thirty-five girls have come from all parts of the country to Boston. They receive the very best the Conservatory affords, the most desirable rooms in the building are theirs, and they have all their wants carefully looked after by a wealthy periodical. Perhaps in no other country on the face of the globe could such a thing be possible. These girls, too, the reporter was told, belong to nice families, but they preferred to earn their own musical education rather than depend on the family purse. Of course, the particular girls are unknown to the scholars at large, and to all intents and purposes they are paying their own way. And they certainly are. It is said that the magazine is also educating a number of other girls at Wellesley, Smith and Vassar Colleges.