Moving on seems to be the watchword of the day... Moving on seems to be the watchword of the day, and those who fail to comply with this inexorable law of God toward man must inevitably be left in the rear, or be lost sight of entirely. From the earliest history of man may be traced the footprints of a progressive march, and whether in civilization, in morality or in the higher gifts of spirituality ; the race as a whole has moved onward to a better state. In some instances a phenomenal advance has obtained in a nation, while morality and even spirituality have blessed the mind of man to a remarkable degree. Should these fail at any time to maintain their places, there is great danger of a retrograde movement and a consequent loss of position. Moving on, however, has nothing to do with the common construction that is placed on the term. The advance movement may be made very slowly or it may be at a rapid pace. It may even be in a circuitous form which at times may give the impression of falling back or even standing still, and yet, on the whole the march is onward and upward. When we read of the changeableness of man, and of the tortuous path in which he has walked, even from his first introduction into that beautiful garden of Eden, we claim that it is a living miracle to find a class of men and women, in these last days, who will sacrifice their own comfort and work early and late to ameliorate the conditions of those in poverty or in sickness, as thousands are doing at the present time, and then beyond this are those who have separated themselves from the customs and practices of the world, agreeably to the teachings of the Christ, and are working for the peace and prosperity of each other as children of one Heavenly Father and Mother. It may be no special credit to us who have accepted the cross of Christ and have determined in our own minds to crucify the world with all its affections and lusts, and to pray with Jesus, 'Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done in earth as in heaven.' If the light of a better life has found entrance into the soul; it is the gift of God and he will in proper time demand his own with usury. Jesus in his evangel of peace is accepted as the inspired medium of God and he said he came not to do his own will, but the will of God who sent him. This should represent our mission, as it did that of Jesus% As servants of God, his word should become our law. With this as our guide we cannot stand still nor become lukewarm in the cause of practical righteousness. Through the force of our common language we illustrate the life of the Christian as a soldier of the cross, as one contending with a powerful enemy whom we wish to conquer, and then destroy. Paul in his ecstacy thought of the great care that was exercised by those who went upon the battle-field. They were so careful in the preparation, that he would have the Christians equally as particular while contending for their spiritual interests. 'Put on the whole armor of God,' said he. Allow no part to be defective. If they had been so careful in preparing to fight against their earthly enemies, they should be no less careful in preparing to fight against those of a spiritual order. Have with you, said he, a breast-plate of righteousness, a girdle of truth, a shield of faith, a helmet of salvation and by all means, a sword of the spirit. Your feet should walk in the gospel of peace, and as you go, pray, and as you work, pray, believing that the victory will be obtained. *