Shakers, N. Y. t Soiitli Family. May, 1892. Apkil has been a cold, dry, windy month. Oats all sown, potatoes nearly all planted. Grass and winter grain, backward; we may say vegetation has been at a stand-still. We had a severe frost on the 24th. It is too early yet to say what the prospect for fruit will be. Elder Calvin Reed of Mount Lebanon, made us a flying visit. Our beloved Ministry returned to the Mount the 4th. inst. Spring thus far is backward, still we have enough to do at present to obey the counsel of Mother Ann, to repair our fences, plant and sow, that we may reap a harvest to sustain the natural body. This is 'hands to work,' but her counsel did not stop here, for she added, 'Hearts to God.' How about the spiritual fences? Are they kept in repair, by obeying the orders of God, which are a wall of protection to all who keep them? Is the spiritual soil prepared by an honest confession and true repentance, to receive and grow the seeds of love and good-will, combined with all the Christian graces, that help to make us what our profession calls for, true followers of Christ and Mother? Let us not lose heart and courage to perform our part, nor let selfishness, personal ease or lukewarmne ss be our sin. Let us begin anew, and bring forth the spiritual plow, and if need be, follow with the sub-soil plow, till we mellow up the cold, selfish indifference, underlying the surface, so that God's light and sunshine can penetrate and warm this dormant soil, and cause the good seeds, not tares to grow in our hearts. Having prepared the spiritual ground, will not a continual cultivation bring about that much-needed condition,a revival such as the Apostles experienced at the day of pentecost. We cannot expect an increase of numbers until this condition is obtained. Let us work and pray in fait!i, trusting in Him, who has never yet forsaken those who sincerely trusted Him in the past, neither will He in the present. Let us not be foolish virgins, expecting God to come to us in our selfish, worldly ideas and ways. We must go to Him in childlike simplicity and obedience.