'SOWING WILD OATS.' Lucy S. Bowers. The foregoing phrase is one which is in common use, and generally applies to the stages of youth or early life, when both the body and mind are most buoyant and active in all their natural tendencies, and the hardest to restrain and direct. It also seems to be a kind of license and willing sanction of all the actions and dispositions common to youth, regardless of regularity, submission or genuine morality ; anything which it occurs to them to indulge in is apologized for, with the sentiment that they are 'sowing their wild oats,' from which is to be inferred that in some near future they will settle into steadier ways of life. It implies that youth must have a time of wickedness, the defying of authority and the abuse of opportunity, after which all will come around right. Some one speaking keenly on this subject said, that there was not a more certain mistake. That which you sow you shall reap; if you sow 'wild oats' you shall reap 'wild oats.' Not One instance can be found in all humanity, where the evils indulged in in youth did not mar and scar the soul through life. There is a penetrability and permanency in the virus of indulgence, that defies almost every remedy for removal while we are in the bo Ay. Effect must follow cause ; if we eat that which is unfit for our consumption we suffer the consequences; as the builder buildeth so his house stands; as we do our duties so will they appear for or against us. Just so with all our actions; it requires few repetitions comparatively to form a habit, and evil habits however small, 'well pursued betimes, may reach the dignity of crimes.' The early formation of a good character is an all important matter. The following contains a corresponding and undeniable truth: 'An unrestrained childhood is the nursery for the prison, the almshouse and a premature grave.' Colton condemns the 'wild oats' apology in these words: 'The excesses of our youth are drafts upon our old age, payable with fearful interest from twenty to thirty years after date, and often much sooner.' It is strange that there should be so much heedlessness and latitude on the part of parents and guardians in this respect. Healthful freedom, frolic and varied innocent entertainments appropriate to early life, promate happiness and insure pleasant recollections in after years, but wiien moral laxity is allowed, the consequences of suffering, sorrow and disgrace are as positive and certain. 'Train up a child in the way it should go' was the command. Many have credited their successes in life to early teaching and discipline, and all who have chosen not to depart from them, rejoice continually in their virtuous beginnings. If we sow and cultivate good grain, and persistently destroy the evils that seem involuntarily to vegetate in the soil of our minds, we shall find that we have enough to do, without wantonly and deliberately sowing tares or any evil seed, which according to its kind, will bear the bitter fruits of pain and regret. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.