THE KENTUCKY REVIVAL. By Richard M'Nemar of Union Village, Ohio. Published in Albany, N. Y'., in 1808. No. 19. Explanations. Continued. THE MODE OF CONSTITUTION. Though God had much people scattered abroad among the men of the world, yet they were not properly constituted into a distinct body, nor vested with the powers of mutual government, until after Christ's resurrection. 'Other sheep have I, (that is, loving believers) which ai'e not of this fold; them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice, h,nd there shall be one fold and one shepherd.' The state of believers, or those that worshiped God at that time in the spirit of simple love, may be compared to the materials of the tabernacle, before it was erected. They were scattered abroad in different places, and did not exhibit that beautiful appearance or construction which they afterward assumed. The miracles of Christ, and the wonders which attended his death, the unnatural eclipse of the sun, the earthquake, the rending of the veil, the opening of the graves, the resurrection, were calculated to bring the expectants of his kingdom to Jerusalem, from almost every quarter of the world. Accordingly, about that time, we find a vast concourse of people met together at that place. The Apostles who had long been in the habit of believing the truth, were then by faith and fervent prayer waiting for the promise of the Father Acts i., 4-5, and Acts ii., throughout. Christ had promised that they should be baptized with the Holy Spirit and endued with power from on high. Accordingly on the day of Pentecost, the spirit came like the rushing of a mighty wind, and they were all filled with the Holy Spirit and spake with other tongues, as the spirit gave them utterance. They being thus publicly set apart, and anointed with the Holy Spirit, were laid as the foundation of this spiritual tabernacle. Men had long been accustomed to look for God on a mount that might be touched, or in a temple made with hands; but now the dispensation is changed and we behold the foundation of a spiritual temple, an house not made with hands, nor built of dead materials, but of living stones. 1 Peter ii., 5. While Jerusalem was the place to worship, the temple stood there and never moved out of the spot, nor grew any larger, but this new temple was designed to eclipse all the glory of the former, and fill the whole earth. Hag. ii., 9. Dan. ii., 35. The same day there were added to this building about three thousand, who continued steadfastly in the Apostles' doctrine, in breaking of bread and in prayers; and the Lord added to the church daily, such as should be saved. This one church is represented as a growing body, but never a single idea of others being formed out of it. Unity is one of its essential characteristics. Eph. iv., 4, 5. There is one body and one spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your calling; one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God, and Father of all, who is above all, and through all and in you all. This one church whose center was visibly marked at Jerusalem, spread its circumference to all the countries round about, and will not cease to increase till it includes the whole world, as leaven which is hid in three measures of meal, till the whole is leavened ; or as mustard seed hid in the ground grows up into a great tree till the fowls of the air can lodge in the branches of it. In a short time after the day of Pentecost, we find the church of God planted in Samaria, at Damascus, in the house of Cornelius, where it still appeared the same, composed of Believers, set up and anointed with the Holy Spirit. Great opposition was made to its progress, but the more difl it daily increase, and believers were the more added to the Lord, multitudes, both of men and women. This one church of God did not respect the persons, but the characters of men. It included Jews and Greeks, Barbarians, Scythians, bond and free. Hence we find, in a little time its members were dispersed over all the world, and were found in every nation under heaven, of every kindred and tongue upon the face of the earth. From this view of the matter would it not appear next to impossible, that persons so widely dispersed could be preserved in unity? How were they fashioned alike? Upon what principle were they united? And by what rules were they obliged to walk ? What confession of faith had they as a bond of union? What compendium of doctrines or definite code of laws to be universally subscribed? Unhappy for the church in our day, if there were such, they have been lost in the ruins of time, so that not a single trace of them is to be found. The only bond of union transmitted to us, and which is indeed the only bond that can unite Christians, is found in the holy Scriptures, the true confession of faith, see Eph. iv., 15, 16. But speaking the truth in love may grow up into him in all things, who is the head even Christ, from whom the whole body fitly joined together, by that which every joint supplieth (or by the supply of every joint) according to the effectual working, or energy in the measure of every part, maketh increase of the body unto the edifying, or building up, of itself in love. Col. ii., 19. Holding the head, from which the whole body by joints and bands having nourishment ministered, and knit together increaseth with the increase of God. We see here that from Christ the head, the living spirit flows to all the members, which fitly or exactly joins, compacts and knits them together in the bonds of love, builds or rears them up, worketh effectually, or exerts and exercises its energy according to the measure or size of every part, and ministers proper nourishment to promote the proportionate growth of every member of the body of Christ. This is the sweet anointing oil, the unction from the holy One, the spirit of God, or it is Christ himself by his spirit shed abroad or diffused throughout the whole body, according to the capacity of every member. This spirit is the cement, 'the true bond of union. Thus Christ prays, John xvii., 11, 21, 23. 'Holy Father, keep through thine own name, those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one, as thou, Father, art in me and I in thee, that they also may be one even as we are one ; I in them and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one.' We find here that Christ's prayer is, that his followers may be made one, and kept completely so, not by means of some external law or form of words, but by the name of God. That they may be one in us says he, living and walking in the Father and the Son, and the Father and the Son living and walking in them; and thus to form and preserve the union, he gives them the glory which he received from the Father, whereby they are constituted one; for 'He that is joined to the Lord is one spirit. 1 Cor. vi., 17. Christ dwells in his heart by faith, and as long as the members of the body continue in the faith they are so intimately united, that any outward bond could only serve as a burdensome yoke. But if any of his professed members are not joined to the Lord in one spirit, their outward bonds are only like binding two or more dead bodies together, which hastens their putrefaction and renders their ill savor more intolerable to the living. Without this living spirit the most perfect form or set of rules which could be made, though it were even by God himself, could not cement them together in the bonds of love, nor make them one in heart. Mankind are not bound together like the parts of a machine, nor put in motion by external force ; they must be influenced by motive, and that motive must be in the heart. This is the law of God received and engraven on the heart through faith; hence it is said to be written, not with ink, but with the spirit of the living God; not on tables of stone, but on fleshly tables of the heart. 2 Cor. iii., 3. After these days saith the Lord, I will put my laws in their inward parts, and write them in their hearts. Jer. xxxi., 32. Christ is the end of the law for righteousness, to every one that belie veth. Rom. x., 4. Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart. He that dwelleth in love, dwelleth in God, and God in him. The husbandman had an external law for his fig-tree, that if it bore fruit, well, if not, he would cut it down. But the fig-tree was not governed by this law, it acted according to a law in itself. So we are commanded to bring forth the fruits of holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord. But this command, so long as it is not in oar nature, has no more influence in the production of those fruits than the command of the husbandman to his fig-tree. We see no outward law necessary to impel the rivers to the ocean, bind the stones to the surface of the earth, or prevent the trees from growing downward. No more does a Believer want an external law to oblige him to love God and his neighbor, for if there had been an external law given which could have given life, verily righteousness should have been by the law. Examine your wheat-field and you will find uniformity among all the grains. By what rule is this uniformity effected? You may observe the same uniformity in every species of vegetables, plants and trees. And are those meaner things governed by real operative laws, and yet God's noblest creature, man, left at random to follow every shadow or image, and bend to every device of human wisdom? Nay, there is one law and one government for man, and all that are under that government are as uniform as the leaves on. an apple-tree. This law is nothing less than the one spirit of the eternal God, which lives and operates in the church as his body, for by one spirit we are all baptized into one body, and have all been made to drink into that one spirit. Therefore, they that have not this spirit, are iawless and disobedient, filthy dreamers that defile the flesh, despise government, presumptuous are they, self-willed, who are not afraid to speak evil/of dignities ; for if any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his. Thus it appears that the Christian's law is in his heart, a copy of which is drawn out in the New Testament. The members of the human body need no bond of union to cause them to act in concert, or to ktepthem from quarrelling and separating, but that spirit which animates the whole frame. The whole current of the New Testament goes to show that the spirit of Jesus is the true bond of union in his church ; but we find not the least intimation of any other bond being necessary. All who have received this one spirit, and are living and walking in it, are united together by the hand of God ; and what God hath joined together, let not man put asunder; nay, it cannot be done, they are and must continue one, though they should be called by never so many names, or externally distinguished by many peculiarities. The most that these things can do is to make them think they are divided, and to prevent their external communion, sweet fellowship and mutual comfort. But seeing Christians are one and have fellowship with the Father and the Son by one spirit, it is the most unreasonable thing in the world for them to be separated in their external com- munion. This separation has been the work of error, and it is by this means that it is continued in the world. Let Christians look back to the history of primitive Christianity, as recorded in the New Testament. Let them take a view of the plain and native simplicity which shines out there, the beautiful equality that reigned among the Apostolic churches, and let them pant to breathe that native air. They were all Brethren and Sisters, met together with one accord, united in one mind and one judgment. They ate their meat with gladness and singleness of heart, they went from house to house, from one love-feast to another, were strictly forbidden to call themselves by the name of Paul or Apollos, and such as did, were pronounced carnal, sensual, having not the spirit. View the churches scattered abroad, planted and visited by the Apostles and others: They had all access to each other, and communion together. And that one spirit of God which lives in every Christian, has made no provision for acting otherwise, till the end of time. The evangelists went out two and two or in larger companies, and in every place where the word was gladly received, those who gave public testimony of their faith, were baptized, received the Holy Spirit, and were set in order for the admission of others who might afterwards believe. E^Go and do likewise. Christ. THE END.