In Memory of ELDER NATHANIEL FRY. Orrin Beaver. Another well tried veteran and faithful toiler in Zion's fold has left our ranks to join the band of brave, heroic souls who have made the way of God their choice, and freely sacrificed all earthly pleasures, for an enduring inheritance with justified spirits in heaven. For nearly half a century he has stood as a firm pillar in the cause of Christian purity. Ever battling in the cause of right, never ashamed to be called a true Shaker, but ever ready to speak in defence of its glorious principles before an unbelieving world. His parental advice to those young in the faith was ever most judiciously given, and his great concern seemed to be that they might gain a firm planting in the true principles of Mother's gospel, that would prove an anchor to the soul,, sure and steadfast. A faithful Brother in the discharge of all temporal duties, he was equally alive and zealous in support of all known spiritual ones. Nothing in his later years gave him more pleasure than to listen to some soulstirring communication, as given through our inspired spiritual instruments. At such times his eyes would seem to kindle with all the enthusiasm of early youth and he would exclaim: Oh, how it rejoices my soul to hear these precious promises of God to his chosen people. I have full assurance that they will all be fulfilled to the very letter. He was a model of neatness in all the relations of life, kind, loving and charita ble to all his Brethren and Sisters and pa. tient in the midst of severe afflictions in a most remarkable degree. None but those who were with him during his last illness can ever be fully conscious of the wonderful nerve and fortitude displayed by him. During his greatest * physical suffering hardly a murmur or complaint ever escaped his lips. We rejoice that his long-suffering spirit is at last released from its weary prisonhouse of clay, and trust that it is happier than it was possible for it to be here in time. His life-work was nobly, faithfully done, and in those star-gemmed mansions of immortal life, he will, no doubt, be crowned with a royal diadem, while through the corridors of heaven will ring the joyful refrain,'Well done good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.'