SCRIPTURE TEXT. The Puzzled Young Man. If any man come to me and hate not his father and mother, and wife and children, and brethren and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple. Luke xiv., 26. We do not wonder that he was puzzled. It must have sounded like a very singular religion, to teach people to hate their best friends. The Teacher, so far as he was known, manifested a very kind and sympathizing spirit toward the poor, and those under affliction, and then to preach such a sweeping system of hatred was an unsolved enigma. This same text remains a puzzle. Christians and Infidels are, alike, unable to render a reason for such a remark. The Christians with their untempered mortar, attempt to cover it from sight or to so blind the eyes of the readers that they shall not see it. And then they illustrate it by saying that he did not mean for his disciples to hate any of these relations, but only that they should not love them quite so much as they loved Jesus, while the Infidels say that Jesus went a little too far in his zeal and overstepped the bounds of propriety. Some think that this is in strange contrast with his language at another time when he said, 'Love your enemies, though they despitefully use you and persecute you.' To teach people to love a class of men and women who are doing all that lies in their power to ruin your character and to destroy your happiness, and at the same time, teach them to hate their fathers and mothers and children, is enough to puzzle a young man or even an aged wise man. But as Jesus was the Teacher of a new and living way, the head of a new creation of God, his doctrine was not and is not fully understood by either the Christians or Infidels who still claim Adam as their gospel father, and the life of the generative world as their sacred treasure. The new way of holiness does not harmonize with the old way of worldiiuess. The first teaches the principles of peace on earth, and' that a virgin or spiritual life are the only sure passports by which to enter the City of God, while the others teach that might is right, whether of the brain or muscle ; and then the Christian steps in to say that wars and the carnage that follows is ordained of God, and that sensuality under cover of sensual lawgivers is justifiable.