OPEN LETTER, To John McCabe. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Apr. 1891. Respected Friend ;Your plea for Liberty of Conscience published in the 'Evening Journal,' Albany, N. Y., respecting the separation of Church and State, is good and timelya word in season. It is as 'apples of gold in pictures of silver.' One generation goeth, another cometh. Fifty years ago, the same problems about the Sabbath, Liberty of Conscience, the Rights of man and woman, of Capital and Labor that you set forth, were propounded and discussed, that are now agitating the whole civilized world. These problems can only be settled by war. It is simply a question, shall it be a war of monitors, guns and swords or a 'war of ideas' as Napoleon predicted ? Think there can be no doubt but that the last and final war that mankind will ever wage that will precede the Millennium will be a war of ideas, of words, of reasoning, a mental war. Washington declared that Paine did more with his pen, than he had done with his sword for the ultimate success of the American Revolution. Are we ready for that kind of war. Then will come the New Earthly Order receiving the inherent, inalienable rights of man and woman, common sense, entire separation of Church and State into two distinct orders in which there shaU be no theology and that will be founded in righteousness, giving to each child, hereafter to be born, a natural, rational parentage. No more come-bychance, unwelcome children; children of lust, to become victims of poverty, and material for Christian wars and murders. In America lefc us have universal equal education in Public Industrial Schools, in which each child shall have the same privileges and opportunities with every other child. Knowledge is powerno class education, enabling one part of the people to rob the other part by making and enacting Constitutions and Laws, without the robbed-oppressed understanding or knowing how and why it is done. Inasmuch as all people have an inalienable right to an inheritance in all the elements of life, land, sea, air, water, light, labor and reason, wherefore should a present living generation be burdened with paying debts contracted by their dead ancestors ? Lot each generation pay as they go, the dead have no rights the living are bound to respect, as regards the earth and all there is therein. Abolish all laws for the collection of debts, private and national, and in their place substitute a code of honor. More private debts would then be paid than at present, when the lawyers get more money for collecting than comes to the creditors. That would be a New Earth. And a New Heaven would come into existence, a purely spiritual order, with its non-religious theology, free from politics and perfectly separate from the State, or New Earth. It will be a Christian Church not of this world and therefore its subjects wTould not fight nor marry, leaving that for the children of this world. It wrould attach no blame to a clear materialist, like Paine, Lincoln and Ingersoll, as belief is a result of evidence not of authority. Force, however applied, cannot compel belief. An inquisition is unreasonable, illogical, it is insanitylike war. If nations intend to do right all the use of fighting is to humble the billigerents so that they will be willing to reason, to arbitrate. In the Millennium, Krupp's cannon weighing 170, OOOlbs, sending a ball 4ft. long, weighing 3600 lbs., together with monitors and all the munition of Christian wars will be kept as curiosities, as we now keop the curious instruments of torture for heretics, which the Earl of Shrewsbury has bought and brought from the castle of Nuremburg to London. In the times you refer to, G-. H. Evans occupied the position that Henry George is now filling so efficiently. He edited 'The Man,' 'Young America,' 'Working Man's Advocate,' the 'Free Enquirer' and printed the 'Bible of Reason.' I have imperfect files of these papers. Arthur Tapping was the leading orthodox fanatic. Stopping the mail on Sunday was a favorite measure, of which you speak so wisely. The present generation must fight these battles over again, or we shall become Church and State and be ready for some new form of the Inquisition. Our own times must bring forth its own leaders as did the civil war. In the Crimean War, England sent 'an army of Lion's commanded by Jackasses.' As the warprogresed the right men got into their right places. Will not the World's Fair do the same? The fanatical, fighting, marrying, Inquisition clericals will think they have achieved a great victory in closing the Fair on their manmade anti-christian Sabbath. Incon:mon sense, are they not braying out their own shame and proclaiming to all nations that they are not equal to the great occasion of a World's Fair? They can bray and kick but cannot command the respect of the great army of lions who will be at the World's Fair, who have seven days of Sabbath one just as good as the other, and each one as sacred and with the same right to have their Sabbath kept by all the others as have the misnamed Christians. F. W. Evans.