PHYSICAL and SPIRITUAL LIGHT. Anna White. 'Light is the agent through which objects become visible to our senses ; it is indispensable to the growth and development of all material substances ; without it there can be no perfection.' 'To them that sat in death, light is sprung up.' Matt. iv. 16. Plants kept in dark cellars are pale and sickly in appearance, while those of tne same kind, when exposed to the vivifying rays of the sun, present a richer, deeper hue. The same rule that leads the horticulturist to prune and dress his vines, and the agriculturist to trench and prepare land for his crops of grain and vegetables, should likewise lead him to observe and obey the laws of his being, and that light as the focalizing source of his existence, should be woven in that existence until it becomes an inseparable part of the integral body. If the law of ' 'loving the neighbor as thyself' was imperative, this would be the case, and the common blessings of a kind Providence be equally distributed upon each and every one of the human family, but, unfortunately selfish interests and world- ly loves for me and mine predominate among all classes in so-called Christendom to an alarming extent, producing inequality, injustice and avarice. We need but visit the coal mines of our own country, to witness, in the truest meaning of the term, the culmination of an iniquitous nefarious system. Here, hundreds of feet under ground, are men plodding from morn ing till night and from night until morning without a sunbeam or a ray of diffused light to brighten existence. Is it any wonder that we stop and question if these miserable specimens of humanity were made in the image of the Creatora little lower than the angelsendowed with reason and capacities exceeding all the other works of his hand? In our large factories and dry goods' stores, where young delicate womanhood is forced to stand all the day long in an unnatural, unhealthy atmosphere, we see the operation of the same law. And so with the tenantry in oul' great cities, deprived of the main sources of existence, they become mere beasts of burden, or resort to immorality and crimes as a consequence of their low conditions. 'The earth is the Lord's and the fulness thereof,' though man claims to be the lord of creation. He has certainly circumvented other ways, has hewn out cisternsbroken cisterns that hold only the foul muddy waters of sensuality, selfishness and greed; still, through the progress of the race in scientific truths, it will be shown that 'the nations are as a drop of a bucket and are counted as the small dust of the balance: 'behold, He taketh up the isles as a very little thing.' From thorns and briars, from insect ravages and destructive cyclones, the new earth is destined to be free, as well as from sickness, pain and disease. We are convinced that physically, it is impossible to exist in a healthy state without light. A dwelling or an apartment void of it, is unfit for occupancy. It was God's first gift to earth. 'Let there be light and there was light, and God saw the light and it was good.' Let us not shut itout. Spiritually, we need the light 'as a lamp that burneth;' the soul requires it for its advancement in spiritual life, as much as the body needs it for physical development. By the light of divine revelation Mother Ann was enabled to see through the veil of the flesh, and power was given her from the Christ spirit to rend this veil in twain, and declare to the world the testimony of eternal truth. When this was done persecution commenced, 'for every one that doeth evil hateth the light, lest their deeds become manifest.' The same wicked spirit that crucified Jesus in his day, was as rife in her day, and though she met not the same ignominious death, her physical life was prematurely shortened by the sufferings she was forced to endure in pursuance of the spiritual gift of God which rested upon and took up its abode with her. To Mother Ann was committed the keys of the kingdom, and no one could enter into the fold but through the door of confession. So keen was her spiritual vision that she could see the sins of a person, and when there was a reluctance in confessing sins would read them aloud to that person, until in agony the soul would cry for mercy and beg for a privilege to confess them. That was bringing light out of darkness, with convincing proof that Christ had indeed 'appeared the second time without sin unto salvation.' When the blessed Millennium shall have come to the many, as it has come to a few, the external and internal, or the physical and the spiritual light, will penetrate and dispel all darkness. The soul that is touched with the Christ baptism, and becomes imbued with saving power from on high, and faith to bring to light all the hidden works of darkness in thought, word and action according to God's order, is already in the Millennium. ' 'And there shall be no night there ; and they need no candle, neither light of the sun, for the Lord God giveth them light; and they shall reign forever and ever.' Rev. xxii., 5. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.