Books and Papers. Ladies' Home Journal Bret Harte's young daughter, Miss Jessamy Harte, will make her literary debut in the July Ladies' Home Journal with a most entertaining description of 'Camp Life in the Adirondack^,' in which it is claimed every evidence shows itself of inherited literary tendencies not unlike those evidenced in Bret Harte's earlier work. Miss Harte is a girl still in her teens, and has artistic as well as literary proclivities, as one of the illustrations accompanying her first article shows. The World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated The World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated for June.This charming number retains those attractions that have made its predecessors so popular, while it introduces new features that will make it more interesting than ever. The question has often been asked, 'Who reads a Chicago book? ' The 100,000 copies of this magazine now sold each month would seem to forcibly indicate the propriety of the question, 'Who does not read the 'World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated'? ' Certainly none should fail to read it who desire to be fully abreast of the times and know of the grandest Exposition the world has ever seen. In the language of our Consul-General to Austria, 'It is the greatest feat of journalism of the age and a credit to America.' A mong its leading and interesting attractions we notice a splendid full page engraving of the Hon. Elijah B. Martindale, National Commissioner from Indiana, together with his biographical sketch. There is also sin admirable full page engraving of the Indiana State Building, a gem of 'architectural beauty. There are several articles and engravings relating to Indiana's exhibit and its management. Altogether the number is of vast interest, and will win many friends to the great Exposition to which it i.-&gt; exclusively devoted. There have been sixteen numbers issued to date. From first to last there will be five volumes of twelve numbers each, or sixtjr numbers in all. Price 25 cents a copy. Subscribers for twelve issues at $3.00 will receive free the World's.. Fair Album, containing views of the Exposition Buildings in richest colors. Price of Album alone, 50 cents. J. B. CAMPBELL, President, 159 &amp; 161 Adams St., Chicago, III., U. S. A. The friends of practical art and design will be highly pleased with the exceedingly well written sketch of Prof. Charles A. Barry, who made the first portrait of President Lincoln. The late sudden death of Professor Barry must add much interest to the publication. Dr. Edward A. Freeman, the emhiQsSfc' historian, is very properly considered, and a portrait accompanies the brief account of the man. Another worthy laborer in the phrenological field comes in for his share of noticeMr. Phineas L. Buella descendant of the old Puritan stock. Why phrenology should be studied is aptly shown by M. A. Thatcher. The transition period in child life furnishes new hints to the parent, while the psychology of childhood confirms in scientific fashion the plain truths of Mrs. Hull's article. Dreams are discussed. H. S. D. answers certain pertinent questions regarding phases of catarrh that relate to deafness. An enthusiastic writer draws a close connection between phrenology and substantialism, and the editor comments on the late Chevalier de Quatrefages. Notes in Anthropology are more than usually varied and instructive, and the editor's fresh paper on Systematic Moral Education contains statements of an awakening character. The Journal is published at $1.50 a year, or 15 cents a number, and is issued from the office of Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 25 East Twenty-first street, New York. REMOVAL UP TOWN. Fowler . &amp; Wells Co., Phrenologists aud Publishers, Have removed to 27 E. 21st. Street, near Broadway, Where exchanges and all letters or other communications should be addressed. New England Magazine All interested in educational and Christian work will turn to the article on 'General Armstrong and the Hampton Institute,' by Edwin H. Start in the New England Magazine for June. It deals with the aims and methods of the institution, and describes minutely the internal machinery of this great sociological experiment. An account is given of the progress of the work since the founding of the institution, and a biographical sketch of General Samuel Chapman Armstrong adds interest to the whole. The article is finely illustrated from photographs and sketches made on the spot, the management of the New England Magazine having sent the author and artist to Hampton, Va., to prepare the article leisurely to get saturated with the ideas of the school and the work.