NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. May. Thermometer. Bain. 1891. 55.48 2 in. 1892. 51.16 &amp;}4 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 84. Lowest ' ' ' ' 36. Mean ' ' ' ' 51.16 Total Eainfall ' ' ' 8% in. Number of rainy days ' ' 16 C. R. June 12, 1892. 'What is so rare as a day in June.' Thus said the poet Lowell, and in reply we would say, 'a day in July.' June has so long been the popular queen of the year, that the beauties of the succeeding month seem lost under her royal shadows, and all the credit July gets is for heat and thunder. But in this as in other things we take for granted what some one else has thought, and forget that we can think for ourselves. Still there is a good reason for the worship which the queenly June receives. After the cold, stormy winter and fickle spring have passed we appreciate a beautiful day in May or June, when vegetation almost suddenly dons its robe of delicate green, and the air seems full of birds, blossoms and bees. By and by we become so used to the beautiful about us, that we neglect to admire it. If a little thought is given to it we who live above the forty-first parallel will find some of the rarest days of the year in July. The fine weather is no longer a petted guest, but it lias come to stay, and is 'at home' and settled down to business. There are days in July when the transparent atmosphere would vie with that of far-famed Italy, and the rich leafy verdure of the surrounding hillsides, with that of the tropics. Can we not gather a lesson from this, and see if each and all about us who are toiling patiently in and for the right, receive the appreciation and commendation they deserve? 'The plaudits of the crowd' are transient and fickle, but the kind word as we pass is a quiet and living inspiration, a panacea for most of the troubles of life. Home is about the same as when last reported. Crops in and growing finely. Showers and sunshine seem to be hurrying matters along, and all from the oldest to the youngest are putting shoulders to the wheel, comforted in the reflection, that 'If denied the victor's meed, We shall not lack the toiler's pay.' Apples, pears, peaches, plums and cherries bloomed as full as last year, and it only remains to be seen how much the blasting east storm of tliree days duration in May, injured the fruit. We hope not much, for we observe that already the early cherry trees begin to show the scarlet fruit. The piercing cold of that storm bade us expect a solid freeze when the wind changed. But fortunately the skies remained cloudy until the balmy south wind came to the rescue, and we experienced such a relief from anxiety, that our joy was indeed, 'a sweet and glad surprise.' A. J. C. KTortli TTamily. June 12, 1892. The June Manifesto came along ahead of time; but upon looking for the music we found none. However, upon reflection, we remembered that in the May number we had two pages; so we felt better. I love the inspirational songs of Zion; they are the chief avenue of spiritual life between the heavens and the earth. On the 5th. inst. our Society meetings opened for the season, very much to the satisfaction of all. On the 3rd. we had the very great pleasure of entertaining our beloved Elder George Wilcox who was expected to journey to the land of souls a short time since. We rejoiced heartily. How much we need a manifestation of the Divine Spirit, to quicken within us faith in the power of the gospel of Christ and Mother. Was it not the manifestation of the power of good in the life of Jesus and Mother Ann, that inspired the faith of the early and later saints. Webster defines saint as a person sanctified; one eminent for piety and virtue. We are sanctified through obedience to the truth; obedience to the truth means aggressive warfare against error and sin, which is the violation of the law of good. Negative goodness is very pretty and should be the natural inheritance of all children: but alas, it is not. Positive goodness that brings the saint out of the sinner, and makes the just man perfect, is attained only by a positive warfare against all the causes of evil in the individual, and in the systems under which individuals live, which systems are very largely responsible for the condition of misery and degradation under which they are forced to iive. The season with us is still behindhand, and unless the summer days are extended we shall probably fall short in some things. The long continued, cold wet weather has made it necessary to replant some fields of corn. Even the weeds keep growing where they are let alone, which is a constant reminder to be up and doing. It looks now, as though the great promise of fruit we had in the profuse blossoms would, in part at least, be a failure: but it is a little too soon to pass judgment. In kindest love, D. O. All in usual health at the Mount. Spring work outdoors and in presses with uncommon force. Sisters have on hand over 200 doz. shirts. Two hundred pounds of wool is being sorted, cleansed and dyed in the old fashioned indigo blueing tub. Four hundred yards of cotton cloth bleached in chloride. Window painting, wall painting, staining, etc., is included in the sum. Brethren are seen skipping here and there between the rain drops, to replant, or with hoe in hand to uproot and so it goes. A. W. Shakers, N. Y. June, 1892. Since writing our Home Notes for June, we have had thoughts about Noah's Ark, but fortunately May had only thirty-one days. We concluded our elevation would save us from the necessity of building the second ark, but we have had rain, rain, rain. Crops are backward and we shall have to trust Providence and better weather for the result of the harvest. We had a pleasant visit from gospel kindred on the 29th. ult. from the 'Happy land of Canaan;' Sister Miriam Offord, with four young Sisters, and while at Watervliet, established head quarters at our Family. Although the reaper Death visited us twice during their short stay, we believe that they with us enjoyed a pleasant season of love and exchange of good feelings. We would say to all concerned that they honored their name and profession. Eldress Alvira Conklin of our Family started to-day on a mission of love to the little Society of Believers in the city of brotherly love; with her goes our love and prayers for the welfare of the little band who are gathered there, striving to grow and increase in the knowledge of the Lord, also for the whole household of faith. Elder Josiah Barker of the Church Family and Sisters, Anna Case and Isabella Graves of the South Family have started on a visit to the eastern Societies of Believers. Through the medium of the Manifesto, we send love to them, and we hope they may impart and also receive much good to bring home. Through the same medium, we send love and kindly greetings to all Believers east and west, and a double store to our afflicted parents Elder Daniel and Eldress Ann. May Zion have a spiritual baptism equal to the water baptism of the past month is our sincere desire and prayer. * Canaan, N. Y. June, 1892. We are enjoying this pleasant season, having had an abundance of rain and cold weather. Nature has, indeed, put on her most beautiful array. Orchards, gardens, meadows, yea, all things seem to vie with each other in splendor and rapid growth. Surely 'the lines have fallen unto us in a pleasant place.' Plowing, planting and sowing have been done with zeal and energy. Sisters have done their part by getting various kinds of plants well started in hot beds; besides many plants and flowers with which to beautify our home. All, even to the children, have taken a lively interest in helping on the good work of building up and supporting the cause, gladly performing manual labor and home duties of every kind with the prospect of enjoying in common, the fruits of unselfish, united labor. More than this, we are blest with good spiritual meetings, blessed opportunities for developing the better part of our beings, for awakening pure thoughts and holy aspirations and drawing down those heavenly ministrations which strengthen both body and mind. What hour is so blest as that spent in spiritual devotion when all hearts in unison are striving for the pearl of great price, the true spirit of holiness. A good Shaker meeting, in which every heart is free from sin by an honest confession and is therefore free in the spirit to impart and make manifest their best gifts, is really and truly a feast of good things. It is the true impetus, the great motor which gives life and growth to a religious organization. Then let us raise higher the gospel banner and through the efficacy of living testimony and inspirational song, gather that abiding power that wrill be a substance and treasure for other souls, that they also may come and glorify the eternal spirit of goodness by helping to carry on the grand work of human redemption. Our five Sisters who have been visiting the friends at Watervliet, have returned laden with gospel love and renewed energy to persevere in well-doing, feeling quite refreshed by the kind hospitality so nobly extended toward them. E. O. West Pittsfield, Mass. June, 1892. Weather at present in our vicinity is extremely warm. July having taken April as a precedent, seems to be endeavoring to supersede the month of June. A few days since, our fruit trees were gorgeously bedecked with bloom and beauty. Grass is looking finely, and present appearances betoken a fruitful season. Although there may not have been too much of a rainfall, yet so much rainy weather has somewhat impeded the work of the farmers. Nevertheless, with tact and energy our farmers and gardeners have succeeded in getting in their crops in good time. Br. Ira, through the goodness of an all-wise, compassionate Father, and the assiduous attention and care of physicians and nurses, is rapidly regaining his health. Elder George Wilcox who had almost worked Ids passage to the summer land, kindly favored us with his benign presence on the 31st. ult. It would have been a great satisfaction could we have enjoyed the privilege of entertaining him in our midst for many days, but he felt that home duties claimed his attention, and as is his wont, pleasure and the rest and change he so much needed were sacrificed, and he returned alter the brief stay of only three or four days. The age of miracles seems not to have wholly passed away. Are not these two cases instances of almost physical resurrection, though unlike Lazarus they had not been entombed? J. L. S. Shaker Station, Conn. 'Give us this day our daily bre^d.' Why should we ask the Lord to give us what He is constantly providing in some measure, whether we ask Him or not? Because by asking we acknowledge that we are dependent upon Him for our bread by whatever agencies He sends it to us. He feeds the fowls of the air and the beasts of the field. He clothes the lilies with beauty and makes the hills and valleys smile with harvests. Our spiritual and temporal food is truly the Lord's gift, and we should feel our absolute dependence upon Him for all blessings. We should pray without ceasing and with perfect faith, 'Give us this day our daily bread.' If we are living to God, our hearts will overflow with gratitude and thankfulness, for blessings chiefly spiritual, but also temporal. Let us praise God for his unbounded goodness. Our Hubbard squashes that sold at three cents a pound were a paying crop. When stored in a dry and cool cellar they can be kept until May. The poultry business is peculiarly adapted to all classes of society. The hen is a general favorite all over the land, and she is ever ready to do a good deed for humanity. Keeping fowls is a business that one should know something about before investing too largely. Economical feeding involves a knowledge of the needs of the fowls as well as the composition of the foods. Too much whole grain is not so good as a fair supply of bran and milk. When chickens are two weeks old cracked corn may be used to some extentcorn meal and bran. When grown together in large numbers and they have little or no opportunity to forage for themselves, the food should be suited to their age and wants. 4345 spaces of cream were sold in May. D. Okottt. Ayer, Mass. June, 1892. After a week of disagreeable, rainy weather, which has hindered outdoor work and travel for that length of time, we have a chance to welcome again the rays of old Sol, as almost a stranger. The faces of the farmers are brightened as they feel assured that their hard work for the summer is not to be cut off by untimely frost. All hail to the faithful worker of the soil, as he follows his plough and turns the sod, that will give to us our corn and potatoes. The farmer's life is one of labor, if there would be success. The life of a Shaker is a life of industrious toil and if we live aright we must labor; and as this is the home of our choice, why not put forth our best life efforts to make it a beautiful home. It is said that the outward is often an index of the inner man, and if we would convert others to our faith, we must have our premises neat and orderly. There is but little hope for the sloven, but God will bless the intelligent and persevering worker. June 1st. finds our crops all in. We have about thirty acres under cultivation, and shall look forward to a fruitful harvest. Our orchards give evidence of a bounteous crop of apples, and that will make the whole family feel joyful as they anticipate the coming of another year. Warm weather has driven away nearly all the sickness. A. D. B.