In Memory of our Young Sister, ADA M. WAYNE. There is no Mystery-no Death. Cecelia De Vere. The germs of fruit cast petals on the ground, With perfume sweet exhaled on morning's breath; And we perceive 'tis in the plan profound, We call it change, we never call it death! The nurturing shell may now all broken lie, The chirping tenant leave the transient nest, To gladly, freely, through the ether fly; And that is life, developed and progressed. We mourn not day, that kissed the evening cloud, And left the crimson to dissolve in night, We heed not whether black or silvery shroud Enwraps the hours,we wait the coming light. And whether red leaves fall or spring delays, We cavil not, nor dread a chaos near, The natural thought keeps pace with natural ways, And marks the certain advent of the year. When cold the ice gate closes on the world, And snow-crowned evergreens their hands upraise, Though wild tornadoes through the air are hurled, We know the coming of the sunny days. But wrhen the hand of pain the door unbars And liberates the soul. Why should we mourn? We do not tremble for the hidden stars, When morning o'er the firmament is born. But where is reason when grief bows the head, And doubts rush in like comforters of yore, When wailing voices cry, 'the dead, the dead!' And have we lost them? lost them, evermore? Ah, there is blasphemy in every breath, In every motion prompted by despair, Who dares to call the soul's departure,Death, When God hath joined and keeps us in his care. He gave our souls affection, as a bond For mutual help, for mutual growth while here, And stretched its circle to the life beyond, That immortality might bless and cheer. And now behind the screen that lightly veils, She has just slipped, a child that close we held. Safe is she now where evil ne'er assails, Where note of sorrow, never sadly knelled. Dear one, we loved thee, in thy tender heart There was a friendship sweet as violets' dew; A strong affection, undefaced by art, Where pure, confiding trust its mantle threw. The simpleness that fathomed not the well Wherein the pearl of truth in beauty gleamed; Nor noted its possession, nor could tell How great to other eyes its value seemed. We will not say adieu, nor parting take, But on thy heart we lay a lily-flower, The love we bear thee, may its bloom awake Within thy soul unfailing source of power. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.