The best use of the armor of the God of Peace... The best use of the armor of the God of Peace is becoming more and more a matter of necessity. Professed followers of the divine Teacher have taught a singular gospel. They have said,'Thou shalt love thy enemies,' and then immediately send armies of tens of thousands with implements of war to lay waste whole cities and villages, in the name of this peace-loving Teacher. History affords us wonderful scenes of the great war gods who gloried in the immolation of their victims, and made their highway a road of devastation, and their glory the ruin of those who fell in their way. The religious thought of the nations could get but a short distance above the heads of those war-loving races, and as a natural result, their God was a god of war, and no less a god of sensuality. These soldiers, however, had been learning to defend themselves, skillfully, against their equally savage neighbors, by cunningly devised armor which St. Paul observes with great interest, and makes of it a religious lesson, well worthy the attention of a Christian pilgrim. If these murderous soldiers could use such special care in their equipment to defend themselves against the weapons of an earthly enemy, then, indeed, the follower of the peaceloving Jesus, should take no less care to defend himself against the enemies that are seeking the ruin of his hope of life both in this world and in that which is to come. It is needed, at the present day, most emphatically, that men should put on the whole armor of God, and this armor should be complete in its every part. So essential is this for the victory over evil, that some spiritually awakened minds have written that 'one reserve,' one error persisted in may result in complete failure. Deviations from the principle of right-doing is one of the dangerous places in which some are inclined to walk. Their armor is defective and through a careless indifference they easily fall a prey to the spirit of evil, and when quite too late, find that instead of having on the armor of God, they have accepted a very inferior article. To the disciple of the man Jesus, it becomes a matter of the greatest importance in our several homes, that our order of life should be one of unflinching integrity, one of honest labor for the good of our fellow men, and one of spiritual advancement over and beyond the idol worship that so prominently rises before us. Of what benefit may a work be to those who seek, if they are never able to find any satisfactory result? Of what benefit is it to any one, as said the good Apostle, if 'I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and give my body to be burned,' and do not accompany this with charity toward our fellow men ? It is all valueless, time wasted without compensation. Would it not be well to look a little more carefully to our armor and especially to our breastplate of righteousness, which more than all things else, aids us in doing to others as we would that they should do to us ? Of course we are all interested in being successful in the maintenance of our gospel home ; of securing the great blessings which have been promised to those who walk uprightly, and in making our life to harmonize with the testimony we preach, and with the faith which we profess. It is our great privilege to lovej God, and to depart from all iniquity. To establish an honesty of purpose, and through this to inspire others with an earnestness to seek with diligence the inestimable treasures of the kingdom of heaven.