NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. May. Thermometer. Bain. 1891. 55.48 2 in. 1892. 51.16 &amp;}4 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 84. Lowest ' ' ' ' 36. Mean ' ' ' ' 51.16 Total Eainfall ' ' ' 8% in. Number of rainy days ' ' 16 C. R. June 12, 1892. 'What is so rare as a day in June.' Thus said the poet Lowell, and in reply we would say, 'a day in July.' June has so long been the popular queen of the year, that the beauties of the succeeding month seem lost under her royal shadows, and all the credit July gets is for heat and thunder. But in this as in other things we take for granted what some one else has thought, and forget that we can think for ourselves. Still there is a good reason for the worship which the queenly June receives. After the cold, stormy winter and fickle spring have passed we appreciate a beautiful day in May or June, when vegetation almost suddenly dons its robe of delicate green, and the air seems full of birds, blossoms and bees. By and by we become so used to the beautiful about us, that we neglect to admire it. If a little thought is given to it we who live above the forty-first parallel will find some of the rarest days of the year in July. The fine weather is no longer a petted guest, but it lias come to stay, and is 'at home' and settled down to business. There are days in July when the transparent atmosphere would vie with that of far-famed Italy, and the rich leafy verdure of the surrounding hillsides, with that of the tropics. Can we not gather a lesson from this, and see if each and all about us who are toiling patiently in and for the right, receive the appreciation and commendation they deserve? 'The plaudits of the crowd' are transient and fickle, but the kind word as we pass is a quiet and living inspiration, a panacea for most of the troubles of life. Home is about the same as when last reported. Crops in and growing finely. Showers and sunshine seem to be hurrying matters along, and all from the oldest to the youngest are putting shoulders to the wheel, comforted in the reflection, that 'If denied the victor's meed, We shall not lack the toiler's pay.' Apples, pears, peaches, plums and cherries bloomed as full as last year, and it only remains to be seen how much the blasting east storm of tliree days duration in May, injured the fruit. We hope not much, for we observe that already the early cherry trees begin to show the scarlet fruit. The piercing cold of that storm bade us expect a solid freeze when the wind changed. But fortunately the skies remained cloudy until the balmy south wind came to the rescue, and we experienced such a relief from anxiety, that our joy was indeed, 'a sweet and glad surprise.' A. J. C. KTortli TTamily. June 12, 1892. The June Manifesto came along ahead of time; but upon looking for the music we found none. However, upon reflection, we remembered that in the May number we had two pages; so we felt better. I love the inspirational songs of Zion; they are the chief avenue of spiritual life between the heavens and the earth. On the 5th. inst. our Society meetings opened for the season, very much to the satisfaction of all. On the 3rd. we had the very great pleasure of entertaining our beloved Elder George Wilcox who was expected to journey to the land of souls a short time since. We rejoiced heartily. How much we need a manifestation of the Divine Spirit, to quicken within us faith in the power of the gospel of Christ and Mother. Was it not the manifestation of the power of good in the life of Jesus and Mother Ann, that inspired the faith of the early and later saints. Webster defines saint as a person sanctified; one eminent for piety and virtue. We are sanctified through obedience to the truth; obedience to the truth means aggressive warfare against error and sin, which is the violation of the law of good. Negative goodness is very pretty and should be the natural inheritance of all children: but alas, it is not. Positive goodness that brings the saint out of the sinner, and makes the just man perfect, is attained only by a positive warfare against all the causes of evil in the individual, and in the systems under which individuals live, which systems are very largely responsible for the condition of misery and degradation under which they are forced to iive. The season with us is still behindhand, and unless the summer days are extended we shall probably fall short in some things. The long continued, cold wet weather has made it necessary to replant some fields of corn. Even the weeds keep growing where they are let alone, which is a constant reminder to be up and doing. It looks now, as though the great promise of fruit we had in the profuse blossoms would, in part at least, be a failure: but it is a little too soon to pass judgment. In kindest love, D. O. All in usual health at the Mount. Spring work outdoors and in presses with uncommon force. Sisters have on hand over 200 doz. shirts. Two hundred pounds of wool is being sorted, cleansed and dyed in the old fashioned indigo blueing tub. Four hundred yards of cotton cloth bleached in chloride. Window painting, wall painting, staining, etc., is included in the sum. Brethren are seen skipping here and there between the rain drops, to replant, or with hoe in hand to uproot and so it goes. A. W.