CONFESSION OF SIN. Martha J. Anderson. 'He that covereth his sins shall not prosper, but whoso confesseth and forsaketh them shall find mercy.'1'' Prov. xxviii., 13. The voice of one crying in the wilderness, 'repent ye for the kingdom of heaven is at hand,' is the voice of the true prophet or witness of God, who, bearing the torch of truth, lighted by divine inspiration, precurses the opening of each new dispensation or degree of progress among mankind. The wilderness signifies the uncultured spiritual condition of humanity, the gross sensual state, where moral blindness precludes the light. Only as new waves of life from the inner spheres of goodness and holiness roll over the earth, penetrating the darkness and unfolding in the race a state of receptivity, is there an awakening to soul needs, and at certain times there cometh the tpirtiially illumed teacher or witness, imbued with power from on high, and a testimony that brings conviction for wrong doing, as on the day of Pentecost when there was a mighty outpouring of the Spirit.' 'Many that believed' or were convicted, 'came and showed their deeds.' Acts xix., 18. Israel had prophets of the Lord to proclaim judgment, with priests and elders to hear the oral confessions of the people, and make atonement by offerings and sacrifices, for all the sins they committed against moral and physical law. John the Baptist came with a further degree of light; merging from the dispensation of types and shadows he proclaimed the ushering in of a more spiritual work, 'when the axe should be laid at the root of the evil tree.' He baptized with water, which signified a cleansing of spirit from all impurity, and as he preached the word of righteousness, the people came confessing their sins. Jesus came also, and upon him descended the Christ anointing. His baptism was of fire and the Holy Spirit, the flame that reveals and then consumes the man and woman of sin, whose carnal thoughts and deeds have defiled the very citadel of life through all the ages. Verily in the great day of the Lord when the 'veil of the covering'the lust of the flesh'shall be taken from the nations,' 'that which is done in secret shall be revealed on the housetops,' not whispered in the ear of the Infinite, who knows all our errors; but, confessed before the faithful servants of God, who have passed through the searching ordeal, and through mortification and contrition have found and felt the loving mercy and tender forgiveness of the Father and Mother of all. Joshua said to Achan, who brought judgment on the camp because he hid the goodly garment and the wedge of gold ; 'My son, give I pray thee, glory to the Lord God of Israel and make confession unto Him, and tell me now what thou hast done.' He Joshuastood as a witness, heard the acknowledgment, and passed judgment on the sinful deed. The open confession of sin was practiced in the days of the apostolic fathers, and was deemed essential to the privilege of membership in the first Christian Church. 'If we say we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us. If we confess our sins, he is fiatliful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.' John i., 8, 9. The Catholic Church hold this as a cardinal doctrine, but the abuse of the sacred functions of the clergy, has turned a real blessing into a curse. Human nature is weak through the flesh. Masculine dominance with its powerful impulses towards sensuality, has not been able to withstand the temptation of the confessional, and saving grace has departed from whut should be the holy of holies. Woman should confide to woman her heart secrets ; but, she had no voice or place in ministerial administration, until Ann Lee, the first born among many sisters in the Second Christian Dispensation, revealed the Motherhood in Deity, the starting point of woman's emancipation from sexual thralldom. She who came up out of great tribulation, baptized and regenerated by the Christ influence, has wrought wisely in establishing equality in spiritual as well as in temporal affairs, in the organization that bears the name of 'Believers in Christ's first and second appearing.' Each sex comprehends its own frailties, and each has its own spiritual advisers, in the order of Elders ; and where there is harmonious action 'the counsel of peace is between them,' and the law of virgin purity is maintained. 'Now has come salvation and strength, the kingdom of our God and the power of his Christ.' The wings of the Cherubim touch over the mercy seat; and Urim and Thummimlight and perfection shine in the breastplate of righteousness which is worn by those who minister at the altar. In associative relations where persons are gathered together in a communistic home, it is necessary that the chai'acter of each individual should be known; and the true brotherhood and sisterhood formed on the basis of a religious life can only be permanent by each member putting away the sins and errors of the old life in nature. The power of protection can only be kept, through union with and confidence in a spiritual lead, from' whom no secrets should be withheld. 'Now, therefore, there is no condemnation to those who walk with Christ,' for they have put off the deeds of the old man and woman and are clothed in the clean garments of the resurrection. 'Light is sown for the righteous and joy for the upright in heart;' and those who are true to the principles and rules of an organization whose object is human redemption, cannot fail to find peace of mind and rest of spirit. 'Such shall see the travel of their souls and be satisfied with the goodness of God.' Mount Lebanon, N. Y.