THE SECRET OF REST. Oliver C. Hampton. A blazing torch is capable of imparting its heat and light to other bodies contiguous to it. This may also be said of the heat and light of spiritual inspiration. A person possessing these in a high degree may impart the same to others so as often to make them feel highly charged with good feelings and heavenly ministrations. This is excellent for those of short travel and small experience. It helps them along and comforts them in hours of sorrow and darkness. Too high an estimate of this extraneous blessing and boon cannot be made, especially in regard to the weak' and inexperienced. But there cometh a time when these ministrations seem to be withdrawn and the spirit is left alone to the task of its own emancipation from its negative state ; from its inward thralldom and its adverse outward environments. Jesus referred to this time in our spiritual experience as an unavoidable and indispensable necessity. It seemed at times in fact that the Savior became anxious for fear his followers would become too much attached to his person. He knew that this would be not only a mild form of idolatry, but would prevent the final permanent evolution of the Holy Spirit in them. So long as he was present with them personally, and was ready to make such remarkable demonstrations of his divine power in favor and for their comfort and safety, they could see no necessity for anything more. Under his anxiety about this matter, he said, 'It is expedient for you that I go away, for if I go not away the Comforter will not come unto you, but if I depart I will send him unto you.' Another proof and illustration that invisible energies are always behind visible entities and results. Jesus' disciples and followers must sooner or later, through self-discipline and self-abnegation, come to develop that kingdom of heaven in themselves which would constitute the Comforter, or permanently abiding condition of peace, salvation, and complete ascendency over all negative states of disease of both body and soul. Notice this remarkable expression : 'Even the spirit of Truth whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, but ye know him for he dwelleth with you and shall be in you;' where the word 'with' alludes to the present tense while 'in' alludes to the future tense. So when he should become invisible he could impart the energy necessary to wake up and bring to life that latent 'kingdom of heaven' which he declared was in them and which when vitalized would urge upon them the abandonment and crucifixion of all lusts of inferior things, and substitute pure, holy and progressive conditions. If the kingdom of heaven is within you the King of course must also be there; and who better able to lead us into all truth than the Father of all truth? Will this furnish any excuse for ignoring fidelity and sacred allegiance to the visible Order of the church? By no means. Did Ananias and Diotrephes ignore that sacred Order with impunity? Not at all. One was engulfed in the maelstrom of pride and haughtiness 'in wanting to have the pre-eminence,' and the other in that of blasphemously ''keepingback part of the price' when he was under no obligations to surrender any of it unless he chose to. Organization and systematic arrangement are necessary to the very existence of a church, and an organiization which secures the greatest amount of good to the greatest number, and wherein 'without all contradiction the less is blest of the better,' is the only one which will make a church a permanent success and at the same time secure to every sincere and faithful member thereof, a complete at-one-ment with God, when persevered in a sufficient length of time to wear out, and do away with, by self-discipline, all old negations of sin, sorrow and sickness. But such organization cannot proceed without compliance on the part of its in embers, with the direction and instruction of its Leaders every time. This was the Pentecostal philosophy of Jesus and Mother Ann, and so far, this philosophy has never failed of happy, sure, and permanent results, so long as conscientiously adhered to by the church, collectively and individually. I speak from long experience and observation, having thoroughly and practically traveled over every inch of the ground herein described, and therefore do know of the doctrine from being a doer of the work; also having noted the experience of others, both those who have been able 'to make their calling and election sure' by faithfulness, and those who have failed through unfaithfulness. It is folly to deny that there are some painful sacrifices in this Christ life, but when these are over and 'the wicked one cometh and findeth nothing in us,' then do we begin to 'turn and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon our headsthen we have obtained joy and gladness, and sorrow and sighing have fled away forever.' Union Village, Ohio.