Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. June. Thermometer. Barn. 1891. 65.32 3*.88 in. 1892. 69.53 3.19 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 92. Lowest ' ' ' ' 52. Total Rainfall ' ' ' 3% in. Number of rainy days ' ' 12 C. G. E. July, 1892. Working, growing, developing, progressing spiritually was the earnest tone of our Society meeting this morning; and 'en, rapport' with this comes the pleading inquiry, how best can we accomplish it? The growth and perfection of the arts and sciences are attained by adding knowledge to knowledge, experience to experience by conferences, associations, debates, criticisms, etc; each scientific illumination seeking to dispel the mists of former ignorance, until the best light of the present is attained. Ought not spirit growth to take example by the scientific? Blest as we are with a threefold life, physical, mental and spiritual, who is able to solve the intricate problem of its equal growth? Who with a knowledge of political economy would consider it wise to expend more labor on production, than its possible remuneration? Yet is not this the constant mistake of household economy? Do we not use so much time and strength on the maintenance of the body, that the mind is crippled, and the soul undeveloped? Still we are obliged to confess that circumstances often bind us to these conditions. Ought it to be thus? Can a spiritual, intelligent people afford to lose their rightful inheritance, when the conserved wisdom of many in our own Societies could come to the rescue? Gail Hamilton says, 'Utter no complaint whatever betide, for complaining is the sign of weakness; if your trouble can be helped, help it; if not, bear it.' Thus our desire to be strong and brave mid the trials which everywhere creep into life, causes us to take for granted that 'whatever is, is right,' when if we had the will and power to climb out of the ruts, we should see that many things are possible with the energetic and persevering. Our household economy should be constantly growing to perfection. Communal life, division of labor, united interests, ought certainly to solve the problem of how the body, mind and spirit can and shall be properly developed, without either of the three infringing on the other. Who among the noble, brave-hearted Sisterhood will give us the benefit of their experience, that our Zion home may be rich in members having sound minds in sound bodies, pure and refined spirits, able to be the counterpart of angels. But my space is filled ere I have time to say, that of all beautiful scenery, we think nothing can surpass our home and its environments at this season of the year. The neatly cultivated gardens and fields in close proximity with the leafy fulness of the wooded hills beyond, make a natural picture such as many spend time and money in traveling to see. A. J. C. Center Family. July 10, 1892. We again find ourselves in the month of the merry hay-makers, when the harvesting really commences. Brethren have been busily engaged the past week, haying, and much interest was manifested, as we find them working after supper getting it under shelter, lest the rain come, and spoil their labor. Corn, beans and potatoes are doing nicely. We had our first meal of peas June 26th; rather early, was it not? Cherries are not as plentiful as some years, nevertheless they are fine. Sisters are putting up some of the small fruit for winter use already. Our Sunday Service has been held at the meeting house this season but no public meeting and the rain lias not kept us at home thus far. Last Sunday two Sisters representing the Koreshan Community attended and the general impression made was that they are sincerely living out tljeir principles of right. They have the heart-felt wishes of the people here for their success. The weather has been quite an improvement this month on last, and July if it continues, may redeem June's rainy character. General good health prevails in the family. Early potatoes this morning. I. L. P. HNTortlx Family. July, 1892. We are now in the haying season with harvest of grain close at hand. The hay crop with us is very light, except where the land has been highly fertilized. Rye generally very good; oats medium. Fruit very much less than was anticipated. Eecently we have enjoyed a very pleasant and profitable visit with the two leading sisters of the Koreshan Unity: Annie G. Ordway and Virginia Andrews. Very interesting, inasmuch as all doubt as to the virgin celibate character of the members of the Unity is removed, and a Christian communistic relation maintained: they living the same lives as do all true members of our Shaker Communities. Profitable, because we felt a renewed baptism of courage, hope and life; an inspiration that prompted to more zeal in the spiritual work of God. Their theology being based upon an entirely new system of astronomy, overthrowing all our preconceived ideas, was well nigh enough to turn the balance against them. But coming to a knowledge of their lives by personal contact, (Br. Benjamin Gates having visited them in their own home at Chicago and now their leading sisters visiting our home,) the prejudice has been removed, and we feel free to look into and examine their theology and cosmogony; knowing that the truth will in the end prevail. It is a matter for heart-felt gratitude that we have no cast-iron creed to keep the soul from growing into a more perfect knowledge of the truth continually. Above all peoples should 'we be the most free, and the most willing to acknowledge truth wherever it is manifested. Is there any other way we can come in unity of faith unto perfect men and women, to the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ? We are now on the declining side of the year 1892, which is our centennial of the gathering of our church into gospel order. Believers have had much experience and learned many things in their hundred years of travel that would be very interesting and profitable for the rising generation to know, and might save a good deal of blundering repetition in the future. 'A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.' While we have living witnesses to speak, could we not learn more and better from them, than from future history made up of inferences gathered from circumstances? A series of meetings composed of representatives from every Society to exchange experience, thought, and suggestions on the living, vital issues pertaining to the increase of Christ's kingdom in the earth, would be very inspiring and soul awakening. Shall the spiritual work of God be left, for the most part to invisible agency, and we poor mortals just drift Avith the current? The times are propitious, the fire is aglow, and the iron heating; who will tell when to strike? In kindest love, D. O.