Correspondence. My Dear Sisters, M. E. and J.--A trinity... Boston, Mass., 1891. My Dear Sisters, M. E. &amp; J.A trinity, and let us hope, three Sisters eternally connected by one holy principle, a unit in faith, courage, and noble resolution, never doubting, never halting by the way. You have chosen the better part; have entered the path to Life Eternal, which leads straight to the Kingdom. Howbeit tempters may stand at many points of your journey, endeavoring to draw you aside. They may appear as relatives, urging, 'Duty to natural kindred,' and thus arousing your sympathies for ' 'poor father, dear mother, or needy brother and feeble sister.' They may come as fanciful pictures of a beautiful world, full of enjoyment, which you have but to reach forth your hand to possess, and it is yours. Tempters may appear in uncurbed desires, in powerful inclinations to be more independent; to come and go as you please, without questioning and without restraint. Scholarship, literature and art may offer peculiar inducements. The natural desire of woman to please, and to please selfishly some one man, and to be pleased selfishly by some one man : to gratify pride, vanity and attendant evils. All these tempters will try to seduce you and test you as strongly as they have tested other souls, some of whom have stood in honor and nobly triumphed. For those who have fallen by the way we will leave our prayers and our word of pity as we pass on, trying to keep step, if possible, with the volunteers who are pressing earnestly forward to join the ransomed. Does a doubt as to which way your feet shall walk ever confront you? Does a perverse way seem very plausible? Ask; Is it right? Does my faith, my conscience lead me, or is it rather my animal affection; a judgment warped by selfish and personal inclinations? Is it this which exerts such a powerful spell upon me? Sisters, in your humble trust and dutiful obedience to your faith, you are beautiful, more so than you now think, and yet, how easily you may fall; more easily than you can realize. Those robes of lovely innocence and purity, which you love to wear, will, if draggled in muddy pools of self-love, seem more odious by contrast, than the already soiled garments of the habitually unclean. Are you firm in your determination to abide every trial 'of your faith? Can you withstand the pleadings of your own hearts, or should the tempter appear in the guise of one whom you may have and still do dearly love? Can you forsake father, mother, brother, sister, husband, lands and your own lives also to enjoy a fullness of gospel liberty, and an assurance of Life Eternal ? It is the motto of nations, 'In time of peace, prepare for war,' again, 'In eternal vigilance is the price of safety,' as well as liberty, and is quite as applicable to individuals as to nations. We must walk carefully, prayerfully and fearfully, closely inspecting every step of ground, lest suddenly we encounter a bog, and find ourselves mired: yet there is no danger of sur- prise to the watchful, but the unwary are easily ambushed by the enemy. How is it Mare you booked for the Kingdom ? Eare you sure of your allegiance to your faith? Jare you fortified against every possible contingency ? Is your danger signal out? Is your sheet-anchor cast and helm lashed? ]f so you can laugh at breakers and sing in spite of the tempest, for if every sail is trimmed and your chart is clear you are safe. The rock bound coast has no terrors for the home pilot. Now shall I tell you the source of this peculiar effusion? Well, these thoughts with many more passed swiftly through my mind, as I rode into the City with Br. J. this evening and saw so many of our fashionable sisters wandering aimlessly up and down the streets, with no purpose, seemingly, but to exhibit their finery or to attract attention to their persons. There ace some noble women in Boston; many who attend prayer meetings, and charitable associations, instead of patronizing theaters, and parading themselves in public, as if in the market; but too many will act foolishly, and in my opinion the best of these will not compare with pure-minded, cross-bearing Shaker Sisters. I love our home, peopled with beautiful consecrated souls, dear Fathers, Mothers, Brothers and Sisters. God preserve our lovely Zion home. Guard it well, dear Sisters. To all rny youngfriends I make a strong appeal, for I love your souls' interest as a gospel Brother. In kindest love, N. A. Briggs. William Wilson, Beloved Brother:--I hear of you a good report... Mount Lebanon, N. Y., June, 1892. William Wilson, Beloved Brother : I hear of you a good report from various quarters. It is said, that you have discontinued eating the corpses of your fellow creatures, whether they have four legs ol- only two, and that you have entered into a covenant of peace with all herbivorous animals. And that if the Egyptian craving for flesh meat should, for a short season, again assert itself, you will restrict the desire for 'evil things' to the carnivorawhich are evil. The lions, leopards, catamounts, hyenas, dogs, cats, bears, wolves, foxes with skunks and hogs. These animals being carnivorous, cannot justly complain if carnivorous men and women eat them. But when human beings, the heads and lords of creation imbue their hands in the blood of lambs who 'lick the hands just raised to shed their blood,' unsophisticated nature protests, revolts against it. The herbivorous cattle on a thousand hills look to man for protection against the ferocious cruelty of carnivorous animals. Many instances are on record of wild birds and helpless herbivorous anhiials fleeing to human beings when pursued by their natural enemiesthe carnivora. On one occasion, Mother Ann was brought into deep tribulation and realized her mission as being to all God's creation and said: 'O that the fishes of the sea and the fowls of the air and all things that have life and breath, yea, all the trees of the forest and the grass of the fields would pray to God for me! ' In that spirit would she rise from her knees and kill to eat? I trow not. She was beingtaught of God, and was baptized as a Mother indeed to all the creation of God. As such, she would not 'hurt nor harm' any thing that she called upon to pray for her. Whence come wars and fightings, persecutions and inquisitions, come they not of lust the lust of eating and drinking and the sexual lusts ? War will not cease to the end of the earth until, 'Thou shalt not kill,' is recognized as the first and great command in place of 'multiply and replenish.' Non-resistant religious sects, as Mennonites, Moravians, Essenes and many other names, of. which Babylon is full, have always been a prey because they departed from fashionable iniquity. Would vegetarian celibates, communistic non-resistants, ever have had a 'Salem witchcraft,' or 'St. Bartholomew massacre' and have exhausted the national resources of all Christendom in raising armies and navies and building forts and barracks on land, and immense monitors and war ships on the ocean ? As a man eateth and drinketh so is he. The Jews, coming out of flesh eating Egypt, fasted forty years from flesh eating. They did this as a nation. Their food was purely vegetable. It changed the character of the people, and separated them from all the peoples on the face of the earth. They are like the Gulf stream, that runs through the ocean, warming and fructifying, but not mingling with its waters, Israel dwells alone and is persecuted by all nations and people. John, the forerunner of Jesus, ate the honey-locusts and wild honey; 'he came neither eating nor drinking' like other people. Jesus fasted forty days to cast out of himself the carnivorous appetites latent in him as a human being. He was an 'overcomer.' He ruled over all the elements of which he was constituted. Dear Brother, peace, the peace of God be with you and abide. Know that the power of changing old and perhaps inherited habits is of God. It should be highly prized by those who have it. How else can we become new creatures ? Conscientious consecration of doing right and 'swearing' to our own heart and changing not,' is an inestimable blessing. It brings the kingdom of heaven within our own souls. What is the increasing with the increase of God, but perpetual daily change from bad to good; from good to better? We have the whole human race to redeem and have eternity to do it in. F. W. Evans.