Correspondence. My Dear Sisters, M. E. and J.--A trinity... Boston, Mass., 1891. My Dear Sisters, M. E. &amp; J.A trinity, and let us hope, three Sisters eternally connected by one holy principle, a unit in faith, courage, and noble resolution, never doubting, never halting by the way. You have chosen the better part; have entered the path to Life Eternal, which leads straight to the Kingdom. Howbeit tempters may stand at many points of your journey, endeavoring to draw you aside. They may appear as relatives, urging, 'Duty to natural kindred,' and thus arousing your sympathies for ' 'poor father, dear mother, or needy brother and feeble sister.' They may come as fanciful pictures of a beautiful world, full of enjoyment, which you have but to reach forth your hand to possess, and it is yours. Tempters may appear in uncurbed desires, in powerful inclinations to be more independent; to come and go as you please, without questioning and without restraint. Scholarship, literature and art may offer peculiar inducements. The natural desire of woman to please, and to please selfishly some one man, and to be pleased selfishly by some one man : to gratify pride, vanity and attendant evils. All these tempters will try to seduce you and test you as strongly as they have tested other souls, some of whom have stood in honor and nobly triumphed. For those who have fallen by the way we will leave our prayers and our word of pity as we pass on, trying to keep step, if possible, with the volunteers who are pressing earnestly forward to join the ransomed. Does a doubt as to which way your feet shall walk ever confront you? Does a perverse way seem very plausible? Ask; Is it right? Does my faith, my conscience lead me, or is it rather my animal affection; a judgment warped by selfish and personal inclinations? Is it this which exerts such a powerful spell upon me? Sisters, in your humble trust and dutiful obedience to your faith, you are beautiful, more so than you now think, and yet, how easily you may fall; more easily than you can realize. Those robes of lovely innocence and purity, which you love to wear, will, if draggled in muddy pools of self-love, seem more odious by contrast, than the already soiled garments of the habitually unclean. Are you firm in your determination to abide every trial 'of your faith? Can you withstand the pleadings of your own hearts, or should the tempter appear in the guise of one whom you may have and still do dearly love? Can you forsake father, mother, brother, sister, husband, lands and your own lives also to enjoy a fullness of gospel liberty, and an assurance of Life Eternal ? It is the motto of nations, 'In time of peace, prepare for war,' again, 'In eternal vigilance is the price of safety,' as well as liberty, and is quite as applicable to individuals as to nations. We must walk carefully, prayerfully and fearfully, closely inspecting every step of ground, lest suddenly we encounter a bog, and find ourselves mired: yet there is no danger of sur- prise to the watchful, but the unwary are easily ambushed by the enemy. How is it Mare you booked for the Kingdom ? Eare you sure of your allegiance to your faith? Jare you fortified against every possible contingency ? Is your danger signal out? Is your sheet-anchor cast and helm lashed? ]f so you can laugh at breakers and sing in spite of the tempest, for if every sail is trimmed and your chart is clear you are safe. The rock bound coast has no terrors for the home pilot. Now shall I tell you the source of this peculiar effusion? Well, these thoughts with many more passed swiftly through my mind, as I rode into the City with Br. J. this evening and saw so many of our fashionable sisters wandering aimlessly up and down the streets, with no purpose, seemingly, but to exhibit their finery or to attract attention to their persons. There ace some noble women in Boston; many who attend prayer meetings, and charitable associations, instead of patronizing theaters, and parading themselves in public, as if in the market; but too many will act foolishly, and in my opinion the best of these will not compare with pure-minded, cross-bearing Shaker Sisters. I love our home, peopled with beautiful consecrated souls, dear Fathers, Mothers, Brothers and Sisters. God preserve our lovely Zion home. Guard it well, dear Sisters. To all rny youngfriends I make a strong appeal, for I love your souls' interest as a gospel Brother. In kindest love, N. A. Briggs. William Wilson, Beloved Brother:--I hear of you a good report... Mount Lebanon, N. Y., June, 1892. William Wilson, Beloved Brother : I hear of you a good report from various quarters. It is said, that you have discontinued eating the corpses of your fellow creatures, whether they have four legs ol- only two, and that you have entered into a covenant of peace with all herbivorous animals. And that if the Egyptian craving for flesh meat should, for a short season, again assert itself, you will restrict the desire for 'evil things' to the carnivorawhich are evil. The lions, leopards, catamounts, hyenas, dogs, cats, bears, wolves, foxes with skunks and hogs. These animals being carnivorous, cannot justly complain if carnivorous men and women eat them. But when human beings, the heads and lords of creation imbue their hands in the blood of lambs who 'lick the hands just raised to shed their blood,' unsophisticated nature protests, revolts against it. The herbivorous cattle on a thousand hills look to man for protection against the ferocious cruelty of carnivorous animals. Many instances are on record of wild birds and helpless herbivorous anhiials fleeing to human beings when pursued by their natural enemiesthe carnivora. On one occasion, Mother Ann was brought into deep tribulation and realized her mission as being to all God's creation and said: 'O that the fishes of the sea and the fowls of the air and all things that have life and breath, yea, all the trees of the forest and the grass of the fields would pray to God for me! ' In that spirit would she rise from her knees and kill to eat? I trow not. She was beingtaught of God, and was baptized as a Mother indeed to all the creation of God. As such, she would not 'hurt nor harm' any thing that she called upon to pray for her. Whence come wars and fightings, persecutions and inquisitions, come they not of lust the lust of eating and drinking and the sexual lusts ? War will not cease to the end of the earth until, 'Thou shalt not kill,' is recognized as the first and great command in place of 'multiply and replenish.' Non-resistant religious sects, as Mennonites, Moravians, Essenes and many other names, of. which Babylon is full, have always been a prey because they departed from fashionable iniquity. Would vegetarian celibates, communistic non-resistants, ever have had a 'Salem witchcraft,' or 'St. Bartholomew massacre' and have exhausted the national resources of all Christendom in raising armies and navies and building forts and barracks on land, and immense monitors and war ships on the ocean ? As a man eateth and drinketh so is he. The Jews, coming out of flesh eating Egypt, fasted forty years from flesh eating. They did this as a nation. Their food was purely vegetable. It changed the character of the people, and separated them from all the peoples on the face of the earth. They are like the Gulf stream, that runs through the ocean, warming and fructifying, but not mingling with its waters, Israel dwells alone and is persecuted by all nations and people. John, the forerunner of Jesus, ate the honey-locusts and wild honey; 'he came neither eating nor drinking' like other people. Jesus fasted forty days to cast out of himself the carnivorous appetites latent in him as a human being. He was an 'overcomer.' He ruled over all the elements of which he was constituted. Dear Brother, peace, the peace of God be with you and abide. Know that the power of changing old and perhaps inherited habits is of God. It should be highly prized by those who have it. How else can we become new creatures ? Conscientious consecration of doing right and 'swearing' to our own heart and changing not,' is an inestimable blessing. It brings the kingdom of heaven within our own souls. What is the increasing with the increase of God, but perpetual daily change from bad to good; from good to better? We have the whole human race to redeem and have eternity to do it in. F. W. Evans. Brother Hamilton:--I received the Mt. Morris paper in which was... Fredonia, N. Y. Jan. 9, 1892. Brother Hamilton :I received the Mt. Morris paper in which was a marked thought from your mint. I also received a postal from my brother asking me to send for the 'World's Advance Thought' of December because of a piece of thought from his mint upon the subject Armageddon. This subject, by the way, I. am but remotely interested in, am much more interested in my brother and yourself than I am in the instability of human institutions, which God is so evidently shaking down to a common level even to the bottom of the seas of unbelief. That part or parcel of Armageddon pertaining to my individuality does trouble me, and how to come to life out of its valley is a matter of the first importance to me. This hoio to do, has been told me plainly by a woman, Ann Lee; Mother, Bride of Christ, the Truth, the Light, the Way. She confessed her sins one by one, just as she committed them and had faith that she could take up her cross against all that she knew or thought to be sin, and told me to do the same. Having been a faithful student of the Bible, Ann's teaching is to my apprehension confirmed by the teaching of the Bible from the first chapter to the last. First, obey. Next, having disobej^ed, confess and obey. This sums up the whole matter in a nutshell. Nowhere in the lids of the Bible do I read that man is commanded to think, but frequently man is commanded to do and to seek. I do read that 'your thoughts are not as my thoughts, nor your ways as my ways, saith the Lord.' I see this world run thought-mad, every one in haste to get his thought before his brother either as to investing or making of pelf, home or happiness, the founding of states, honoring of men and women, fighting a branch of the great tree of evil as prohibition. Associations without end, investigations of the past and pryings into the future. Close and familiar acquaintance with every spirit in heaven and earth but one's own spirit. Always before our spiritual eyes are our own perverted selves; we turn away from that view and are confronted alway and everywhere by the final judgment of that self. One more spiritual sight is permitted us and that is the righteousness that is to be obtained by faith that is in Christ. No act of faith was ever enacted that did not take the actors out and above themselves for the time being. Hence all progress whatsoever is due to acts of faith^ and not oi; speculation, ratiocination, contemplation or observation. I do read that 'as a man thinketh, so is he.' But I also read that 'the thoughts of man's heart are evil continually before God,' and his heart 'is deceitful and desperately wicked above all things.' I am sick of the whole world of thought, a vast amount of chaff and some precious wheat. If a man must sift his mental pabulum from men's rehash of God's thoughts so simply put forth in his commandments, he will full soon have arrived at that outer darkness where there is weeping, wailing and gnashing of teethor insanity. What is it that troubles the mental and spiritual world most if it is not insanity? Every soul that is not marching with fearless tread to victory over their own spirit, soul and body, by the faith that is in Christ, is insane. And such approach death's door with anxiety and fear, because they have not chosen in this life to believe wholly in the power of Christ over all flesh. 'Life is not what they planned it to be.' This is the oft-repeated story; I have but just heard it from a hearty, wholesome man and professed believer in Christ, who is now facing the uncertainty of earthly relationships by death, which his profession called him to make certainly uncertain in this life. This busily thinking world has made the way of truth (?) exceeding broad and easy to the extent of giving all and keeping all: to the adaptation of truth (?) to circumstances of pleasurable environment, rather than binding pleasure with cords to the horns of the altar, which is death. This is only berating the evil I see, perhaps with a beam in my eye. It is coining thoughts from my mint, when all thoughts should bear the impress of God's mind without human perversion. I might run through my camera the whole of human motive, aspiration, and result, and not add tone enough to inspire one soul unto salvation, nor be able to furnish a dress modest enough for the public eye. And if the dress should please, I should be glorified and exalted, whereas all glory is due unto God. Nay, I will prefer the 119th Psalm. That prayer which only our Redeemer could pray, and try to reach the keeping of the precepts, commandments, judgments, testimonies and laws of my God, for it would be impossible for this imperfect creature to be glo rifled. Truly I am deeply indebted to the thoughts of others for much inspiration and companionship. Great aspirations after godliness and all true and undisguised truth is the bread of life to every soul at some period. But they are only temporarily mine unless by suffering I have evolved them out of, or through my suffering to bring them to the birth in my heart. Let one have brushed aside all sophistries that would prevent his generosity in a worthy cause, and how easily he inspires his audience to give. William Booth has but just launched a mighty force spreading in all directions and for good ; because first he was willing to suffer many things to gain faith himself. Christ was our mighty exemplar, and Christ in Ann Lee is our mightiest example of what personal suffering can do in one individual to bring to birth a faith almighty and sufficient to compass that strongest passion of the human heart, the power of a life to create a life for the selfish pleasure of the act. That a woman should be able to inspire thousands to forsake the cherished perquisite of animal life by the faith that was in her revealed through suffering'. And who will renew for the world again this suffering for a great faith? Must not each generation suffer for itself ? Supposing we were all compelled for a little to part company with shelter, lands and companionship, without fire, to sit upon a stone with a crust and a cruse of vinegar, to test whether we would yet hold our faith. Again, the long life of increasing self-denial step by step of the honest Shaker is more than the short, sharp test by fire and the sword ; and the poor and despised Shakers are the salt of the earth, the hope of mankind, the glory of God on the earth, but not of it. What a wide gulf as to the sympathies which are fast binding all religious denominations in a compact, as it were, to go up and war against the only visible Jerusalem, and none to spare for those who 'make no provision for the flesh to fulfill the lusts thereof.' There is a severe trial coming upon all flesh and a great reward coming also. 'The word of God is nigh us even m our hearts, and in our mouths that we can do it.' Away with the bother of worldly gossip commonly called thought and give me the power to see myself as God sees me. It will bring that best of all gifts, tribulation. Amen. From your Brother in the faith once committed to the saints. G. H. Hollister.