Shaker Station, Conn. 'Paul may plant and Apollos may water, but God giveth the increase'giveth it not in our own time it may be, but in his own best time, in his own wise way, and no repining on our part, no impatience at the delay can hasten its growth. 'As the heaven is high above the earth, so is his thought above our thought, and his way above our way.' We see how nature works and waits from spring to fall and from fall to spring again, and watch how slowly the seed sown in the spring-time makes progress toward the ripened fruit. Knowing this to be God's own way of working, we should apply the same rule to spiritual life. Let us be sure we are sowing pure seed in the heart, sure we ought to do just what we are doing, and all will be well. We have but to do our part and wait in faith for God to do his. He will surely do it, and as surely will He see to it that no effort of ours toward the right fails of its reward. 'Having done all to stand.' The Manifesto is a visitor at our home every month. It is like the face of a dear friend. How quickly we scan the pages to see if our friends have sent us their words of soul cheer and good-will. It is just what we need, we get so many instructive lessons from it we should be sorry to miss its visits. Our ever bearing strawberry plants are a success. The crop was abundant. It may prove to be the ideal berry. The poultry business is a study. It means something more than throwing down corn to chickens. Just which breed to keep is what might be discussed every month. It is a matter of experience. Every thing can not be put plainly on paper, but we can talk about it and get ideas from each other. 5193 spaces of cream were sold in June. D. Obcutt. Sontli ITartLily. Again we are reminded that 'Home Notes' are due for the Manifesto, and with those who so freely give for the benefit of others I would unite and speak of the many blessings whick are ours to enjoy. Health, the best of all earthly blessings, has be'en conferred upon us, and contributes much to the demands upon our time at this season of interest and occupation within and without, when every thing is teeming with life and joy. The New England climate we protest is very anti-christian weather. If there is any normal condition for the weather, it appears of late to be one of rain, hot sun and disagreeable winds. We have heard it hinted that certain spots on the sun are the cause of the trouble. If so, soon may they leave us in peace. Our farmers look and feel disconsolate because harvest is here and no good weather to secure it. Hoed crops are behindhand for the same cause, every thing is growing, weeds and all. We would mention the value of Breed's Weeder in keeping weeds down. But we believe that God's blessing will eventually rest on faithful labors done in his service; in doing our part and leaving results with a higher power. A severe thunder shwer passed over our valley on the 3rd. inst., doing some damage; the wind was also terrific. It continued for some time, blowing down trees and leveling the corn and other things. It was much cooler and frost-like the next morning but has again become warm, and hopes areihitertained of a few days of fair weather. M. W.