What is it to be a SHAKER? Moore Mason. Are we to infer that the question is so complicated as not to admit of a simple answer? By no means. It is the old experience of every question as well as everything else, that it can be approached from many different points, and consequently will be seen differently. To get at this question from a certain point of view, suppose each indi- viclual were asked the question,Why are you a Shaker? Probably some would offer the not quite satisfactory answer by saying it was a matter of accident. That to me sounds like degrading our religion, yet why should mortals as we are be ashamed of that? Eeligion is not a mere matter of intellectual process, but history and tradition, which must be accepted of those who handed it down to us. After we arrive at the estate of manhood or womanhood, or more properly after we've set out as Shakers and honestly confessed our sins, and determined to walk in the straight and narrow path of self-denial, then we can be no longer satisfied to be Shakers by accident, because spiritual evolution is already at work within us, which is so applicably described as 'First the blade, then the ear,, then the full corn in the ear.' We ought not to be so supercilious as to think the question,'Why am I a Christian,' has not the same sublime meaning to those thoughtful men and women, who try to solve that problem, as the question 'What is it to be a Shaker?' has to us. But we ought to be thankful that we can present a life that is the highest ideal, the noblest, best and divinest, that the weary, sinsick, man or woman can find. But to confine ourselves to the question, What is it to be a Shaker? Now simply living with, or calling ourselves by the name Shaker is not sufficient, but we must know what it is to live and act as a Shaker, so that our lives will show we are the Lord's people, his children, and realize it is our duty and privilege to make ourselves worthy of him and then our whole endeavor will be to lead such a life as will never deviate from the golden rule, 'Love thy neighbor as thyself,' and then we can always be ready, as the apostle Peter says, to ' 'give an answer to every one that asketh a reason of the hope that is in you.' Must not the first converts to Shakerism have had strong evidence of its divine origin (hounded as they were day and night by the so-called Christians of that day and time) that caused them to embrace a faith which called for a complete renouncing of their prejudices, habits, friends, country, and even safety in this world? Well may we glory in our past, the nobility of our ancestors, who were always willing to become witnesses of the truth; and our great religious structure has been well cemented by the tyranny, prejudice and hatred, which was then so deeply rooted, and which, with sadness, we still see cropping out where we least expect it. Then to answer the question, 'What is it to be a Shaker?' means that as Christians, 'we must live unto God,' and in so doing, we must 'die unto sin,' for he who does not kill sin, sin will inevitably kill him. Also at all times be ready martyrs for a cause that is destined to bring salvation to mankind where they hunger and thirst no more and the days of their mourning is ended, for having buffetted with a sea of sin as strong swimmers we at length have reached the peaceful shore where already the victor's song is heard 'Come unto me, and I will give you rest.' Watervliet, Ohio.