Books and Papers The Ladies' Home Journal In order to stimulate American composition, The Ladies' Home Journal has just, made publican attractive series of liberal prizes for the best original musical composition by composers resident in the United States ami Canada. The prizes call for a 'waltz, a piano composition, a pleasing bailed and a popular song, an anthem and the four best hynm tunes. The competition is open until November 1st, next. The opportunity has an additional attractiveness since the prize compositions will form part of a series for which Strauss inventing an original waltz, and Charles Gounod and Sir Arthur Sullivan each an original song. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for July is a live number, if it is summer time. 'Try Your Weight,' comes from a well-known writer across the sea and is pat enough. Mrs. Florence Hull spe;iks of the ''Transition Period' in child life, 'with her customary intelligent understanding of the subject. 'Olive Thorne' Miller receives marked attention, and has a halftone portrait that looks 'natural.' The article, Original Problems, i.s commended to all teachers. A teacher wrote it and from a correct point of view. Thoughts on Education, Drugs and Health, Systematic Moral Education, the Editor's Xinth Paper, the Notes in Anthropology and other departments deserve more than passing notice, and should be read by all students of human nature. The Journal is now ., office, 25 East 21st street, New York, by Fowler &amp; Wells Co., at 15 c. a No., or $1.50 a year. New England Magazine 'On trial' to new subscriber-six months 50c. An article that will attract and interest all members of evangelistic organizations, is 'The Christian Endeavor Movement' in the June New England Magazine, of Boston, Mass. It is written by three hands, and deals with the beginnings and methods and aims of the organization in a thoroughly comprehensive fashion. The President of the United Society of Christian Endeavor, Rev. Francis E. Clark, whose name is inseparably linked with the movement as the originator of it, opens with an account of 'The Early Days of the Society.' Amos R. Wells, the editor of the Golden Rule, the organ of the society, deals with it as 'A New Religious .Force,' and touches upon its relation and helpfulness to the churches; and John 'Willis Baer, the Secretary of the Society, in 'The Outlook and the Opportunity,' describes the possible growth and future of the movement. The article is very fully illustrated with portraits of many of the trustees and with most of the presidents of the different state organizations. In fact, every Christian Endeavorer will find the familiar faces of old friends there, no matter which part of this great country he or she may hold friends in. This great movement from New England is fittingly present in this great Magazine. ' World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated for July.'To say this number is the most interesting, beautiful and valuable of all the numbers so far issued is putting the fact very mildly. Indeed it is the crown jewel of the seventeen artistic gemsthe seventeen numbers so far published. This month the frontispiece is a full page, half-tone, copper plate engraving of the Hon. M. H. De Young of San Francisco, third Vice-President of the World's Columbian Commission. it contains many reading articlesof paramount importance to all those intersted in the growth and development of the Exposition. We notice especially 'The Nation Wishes It,' setting forth very strongly that the Exposition is not only a national enterprise, but should be dignified by substantial National support. It leaves no ground for any belief other than that the American people so view this great enterprise. There are two very valuable and timely articles entitled, 'Sunday Opening vs. Closing,' and 'Sunday Opening at the World's Fair.' The latter is by Mrs. Frances E. Bagley of Michigan, Lady Manager-at-large and widow of the late Gov. Bagley. She has arrayed her arguments in an interesting and convincing manner, and her article sheds considerable light on the satisfactory solution of this much mooted question. There is a schedule of the 'Official Traffic Arrangements for the Exposition,' including the railroads and the trans-oceanic steamship lines. This article is of great importance to intending exhibitors and visitors. Very conspicuous among the artistic features are engravings, nearly all full page, of statuary for the adornment of the principal buildings. There are two excellent full page engravings of the Washington State building and of the Maine State building, with many photographs of the State board managers of these two States. There is also a double page engraving of the Mines and Mining Building, the first of the great department buildings to be completed. Altogether, too much cannot be said in praise of this admirable number. In a more pleasing and definite manner, by means of it, than ever before can we appreciate the great importance and the educational influence of the World's Columbian Exposition. From first to last there will be sixty numbers of this journal. Price of the entire issues, postpaid to any address in the United States, Canada or Mexico, 12. Early in the fall it will be published semi-monthly; during the Exposition, weekly. Annual subscription price (24 copies) $5. 50. The publishers announce their 'Special Great Offer,' which includes all the copies from July to January, this year, ten in number, to one address for only $1.50; or about half price. Single copies 25 cts. Address, J. B. CAMPBELL, President, 159 and 161 Adams St. Chicago, ILL., U. S. A. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. June. Contents. Treatment of the Sick; Mental Science; Anti-Vaccination; Hygeio Therapeutic System: Whole Wheat vs. Fine Flour; Dietary Department; Vegetable Recipes, etc., etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo, Ind. England