Beloved Mother in Israel ELIZA ANN TAYLOR. Adown the vista of thy fourscore years, Thy children look and lovingly behold Thy Godlike life, which, free from sin appears [gold, Blight as the diamond, pure as well tried A soul well moulded to the Master's will, A voice which bids all baser thoughts be still. The true nobility, the constant zeal, The patient fortitude which firmly stood, And bore and suffered for a people's weal, Preserved the covenant which brought us good; [shine, These are the virtues which will live and And mark thee as a hero-soul divine. Behold the woman on whose brow is sealed The impress of the living Christ on earth; The Motherhood in God, to those revealed Whose souls have found the new and second birth, Transfigured on the mount of truth they stand, [land. And catch far glimpses of the heavenly We see thee as a lily snowy white, [soul, Sweet emblem of a pure and chastened Whose pearly chalice holds the sunbeams bright, Waving in all their zephyrs as they roll. And deeply planted in the parent sod It grows, and blooms, and breathes its soul to God. We see thee as a palm-tree tall and fair, Whose spreading branches make a sheltering shade [there Where weary ones may come, and resting Find comfort, yea with none to make afraid. No harmful influence finds a place in thee, Thy healing leaves are love and charity. We see thee as a rock 'mid oceans' waves, Unmoved when storm and tempests surge around, Firm as the rcckbed of that faith which saves All those who build on its foundation sound. So true art thou to God, so true to souls, True as the magnet to the electric poles. We see thee as a Shepherdess, so calm and strong, Gathering thy little lambs within the fold Safe from the outer world, where they so long [and cold. Had wandered, shivering in the storm O tender Shepherdess! thrice blest the name, [fame. Dearer to us than queens with all their We see thee as a Priestess of the Lord, Standing within the Temple's Holy Place. From whose pure lips oft came the living word, [grace. Clothed with the mantle of thy truth and In knowledge wise, in innocence complete. Thy heart a shrine where angels love to meet. From out that inner sanctuary pure, We' ve often felt thy testimony swift As lightning's flash, then answering thunder sure Bespoke the power abiding in the gift The gift that comes to us in God's good way, A guiding star by night, a sun by day. And we have felt thy tender mother-love, That broadened in our souls as they grew more, [above, Just as when pebbles strike the waves The widening circles kiss the outer shore; Embracing all within thy watchful care, The least one in the fold thy love might share. And now at last life's race is nobly run, Life's jeweled crown is resting on thy brow, Toward the west thy golden setting sun Appears but brighter as we see it now; Life's beating waves have anchored into calm, Life's undertones have blended in a psalm. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.