Books and Papers The Ladies' Home Journal In order to stimulate American composition, The Ladies' Home Journal has just, made publican attractive series of liberal prizes for the best original musical composition by composers resident in the United States ami Canada. The prizes call for a 'waltz, a piano composition, a pleasing bailed and a popular song, an anthem and the four best hynm tunes. The competition is open until November 1st, next. The opportunity has an additional attractiveness since the prize compositions will form part of a series for which Strauss inventing an original waltz, and Charles Gounod and Sir Arthur Sullivan each an original song. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for July is a live number, if it is summer time. 'Try Your Weight,' comes from a well-known writer across the sea and is pat enough. Mrs. Florence Hull spe;iks of the ''Transition Period' in child life, 'with her customary intelligent understanding of the subject. 'Olive Thorne' Miller receives marked attention, and has a halftone portrait that looks 'natural.' The article, Original Problems, i.s commended to all teachers. A teacher wrote it and from a correct point of view. Thoughts on Education, Drugs and Health, Systematic Moral Education, the Editor's Xinth Paper, the Notes in Anthropology and other departments deserve more than passing notice, and should be read by all students of human nature. The Journal is now ., office, 25 East 21st street, New York, by Fowler &amp; Wells Co., at 15 c. a No., or $1.50 a year. New England Magazine 'On trial' to new subscriber-six months 50c. An article that will attract and interest all members of evangelistic organizations, is 'The Christian Endeavor Movement' in the June New England Magazine, of Boston, Mass. It is written by three hands, and deals with the beginnings and methods and aims of the organization in a thoroughly comprehensive fashion. The President of the United Society of Christian Endeavor, Rev. Francis E. Clark, whose name is inseparably linked with the movement as the originator of it, opens with an account of 'The Early Days of the Society.' Amos R. Wells, the editor of the Golden Rule, the organ of the society, deals with it as 'A New Religious .Force,' and touches upon its relation and helpfulness to the churches; and John 'Willis Baer, the Secretary of the Society, in 'The Outlook and the Opportunity,' describes the possible growth and future of the movement. The article is very fully illustrated with portraits of many of the trustees and with most of the presidents of the different state organizations. In fact, every Christian Endeavorer will find the familiar faces of old friends there, no matter which part of this great country he or she may hold friends in. This great movement from New England is fittingly present in this great Magazine. '