The renewing of the mind seems to be one of... The renewing of the mind seems to be one of the essential features in the life of the Christian. Whatever else he may do, either for the kingdom of this world, in making it honorable or exalted before men, or in the establishing of Churches and securing a company who may sing psalms and read holy books, the great secret of success will be, after all, in that simple and effective lesson which was first heard in the streets of Galilee so many, many years ago. 'Repent,' said Jesus, 'for the kingdom of God is at hand.' He could not have said much less to his anxious hearers, and he did not need to say any more to make it an effective and an impressive sermon. We eat and drink to renew the life of the body. We make great demonstrations of care in our arrangements, and search over the whole wrorld for what may please or satisfy the cravings of the external man, and at the end of all that arduous labor we may not have succeeded in securing any advantages that would carry us beyond those that are forced, through nature, to eat the grass of the field. With so much special care for the perishable things of this life, how much more careful we should be in securing for ourselves those treasures that are worthy of a place in the kingdom of God, and which can not, under any circumstances be destroyed. The mission of Jesus was to preach the blessing of the kingdom, which must include the brotherhood of man. He, no doubt, found even among those money-grasping Jews, men who were upright, God-fearing and zealous to do the works of the law. He found those who affectionately shared in the burdens of each other, and who assisted, liberally, in providing for the poor. Such men in this day would be called the benefactors of the race. Their names would be heralded throughout the nation, while the doors of the church- es, as well as those of the public halls would be thrown open for their entrance, to receive the benedictions of the one and the plaudits of the other. 'Purple and fine linen' would be brought forward for decoration, as indicative of the exalted position that was occupied by those who claimed a right to the whole earth, and unhesitatingly denominated themselves the Sons of God. It was to just such a class as this that Jesus said, 'Repent, for the kingdom of God is at hand.' With all their boasted privileges as sons of God, for whom God had fought their many battles and destroyed without mercy their thousands of enemies,for whom he had wrought some of the most wonderful miracles, to save them from the Egyptians ;had divided the Red Sea, and allowed the Jews to pass over on dry land ;had rained manna upon them during a journey of forty years, so that they were never hungry for want of bread. These men were now asked to 'Repent' of their crooked lives, to change their minds, to think differently about God and his work among men,and to pray for his kingdom to come upon the earth, that it might be among men. It was a revolution in the mind. Before, this date, God had said, Kill your enemies, but now God says, Love your enemies. All is to be changed. A Jew and his treasure was closely fastened to the earth, but now he is told to lay up his treasure in heaven, Avhere thieves can not steal it. If this changing of the mind was necessary at that early day, it is no less so now.. There is a strong tendency, in the mind of man, toward the elements of the earth. His thoughts, his language, his deep interest are all thoroughly baptized into that element. Coming out from an undisciplined body as do the members of our Community, the great necessity of a change of mind, at once, becomes apparent. It is the beginning of the resurrection into a new life,a life in and for God. Not only a new and pure language must be learned for Christ's kingdom, but a new tongue must be obtained with which to speak it. A new interest must be grown in the heart that shall actually desire the increase and prosperity of God's work among men, or we fail to repent, agreeably to the voice of the Christ, and fail even to do as much as did the voice in the wilderness.