Enfield, N. H. Since our last writing, we have been visited by a small sized cyclone, and yet its proportions satisfied us, as we do not crave more in bulk, that we may be able to give marvelous reports: we who have not as yet lived quite half a century, never saw any thing like it; the heavens were suddenly darkened, and the rain came in more than torrents, with a furious wind, obscuring the vision from one building to its neighbor, although near by. The large vegetable garden for a time was one big mud puddle, but it soon went down to slake the thirst of the angle worms, and was as firm as ever. We are thrice glsil to say that the laundry is receiving a new coat of paint with very appropriate trimmings; whoever has visited us recently, will of course recollect how wretchedly it looked, and be glad with us; if the Brethren 'continue on' and paint other buildings we will tell you that also; the paint was purchased with money coming from Sisters' sale work, so considering both paint and painters, it may truthfully be called Home Industry, which is the better part of the story. The summer term of school closed July 8th. One speaker told the scholars they had the cosiest, nicest school in town, they all looked bright as dollars and to the teacher aside he said, 'I've had an awful good time,' whether that phraseology be a good omen for the school, or a bad one for the Board, we leave our readers to determine. We know that both teacher and pupils have aimed to do thorough work, but we venture to assert that an interested woman would both criticise and give helpful suggestions, which teachers always appreciate. Our sister Society has been more fortunate in securing this element on Examination Day. The outing season is upon us, so we are encamped about, if not by the armies of Israel, by a small army, seeking change, and the delights of rural living; no doubt it has its bitter with the sweet, as do all conditions in this world, yet when we see pale faces go away with the color of health, we conclude they have been successful in acquiring a part of the gift of health, which is closer allied than we all realize to the gospel of salvation. E. B.