East Canterbury, N. H. Weather Kecord, for April 189-. Highest Temp, during the mo. 90. Lowest ' ' ' ' 00. Mean ' ' ' ' ' 68.7 Total rainfall ' ' ' 3.5Gin. Number of days in 'which .01 of an inch fell, 41. N. A. Biugg-s. July 13, 1892. After many days of anxious thought, if not of tears, and after a fearful foreboding of continuous rain, which the heavens seemed to be pouring out from their windows, through which the farmers could see the destruction of their crops, and the ruinous time to make their hay, there has come a change in the programme. The first few days in July were unpropitious and the mowing machines were carefully kept under cover, but on the opening of the second week the sun began again to smile on the earth and the hay makers were made glad. Day after day the heat comes pouring down and there is a pleasing relief when the sun hides himself behind the western hills. Now it is about time to begin to grow anxious lest the sunshine may be too protracted, and the grass may ripen faster than it can be prepared for the barns. The cold, early rains blighted the strawberries, and the still earlier cold days killed most of the raspberry bushes, while the worms and cold weather have injured the uurants. In a few months more we may be able to determine our loss or gain on all the fruits and vegetables that have claimed our attention. New potatoes, that appetizing dish, were raised in exaltation to the surface of the table on the 11th. inst. History informs vis that Father James en! joyed a meal of new potatoes and in this ' respect we are his worthy children. This month we have a beautiful flower garden which brings no burden and demands no care. Hundreds and hundreds of white water-lilies are spread on the surface of the water garden every morning. Xo guardian watches with jealous eye over this beautiful place and the small boy and big boy are wading into the water or contriving many other ways to desecrate a spot which for beauty in itself and surroundings would be hard to find. This month we have cut a wood's road for several rods leading to a place of interest for the antiquarian. In the indefinite past;it may have been 10,000 years or more, three large granite boulders were deposited on the highest elevation in that vicinity and have no doubt held possession of the spot since the above date. I had almost said that they had held peaceable possession, but the hand of the vandal has left his mark. From one boulder large pieces have been split by hammer and chisel, and now lay in their loneliness half buried in the earth. Visitors to the spot, wonder. All is sphinx silence. Our Sisters at the Trustees' Office have toiled early and late and at great expense to remodel a sales room, where they can present, more satisfactorily, to the hundreds of visitors to the village, the variety of fancy articles that have been made by the Sisters or purchased in other places. We shall wish them the best of success and a fair return for all the cents and dimes and dollars that they have expended.