NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. June. Thermometer. Barn. 1891. 65.32 3*.88 in. 1892. 69.53 3.19 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 92. Lowest ' ' ' ' 52. Total Rainfall ' ' ' 3% in. Number of rainy days ' ' 12 C. G. E. July, 1892. Working, growing, developing, progressing spiritually was the earnest tone of our Society meeting this morning; and 'en, rapport' with this comes the pleading inquiry, how best can we accomplish it? The growth and perfection of the arts and sciences are attained by adding knowledge to knowledge, experience to experience by conferences, associations, debates, criticisms, etc; each scientific illumination seeking to dispel the mists of former ignorance, until the best light of the present is attained. Ought not spirit growth to take example by the scientific? Blest as we are with a threefold life, physical, mental and spiritual, who is able to solve the intricate problem of its equal growth? Who with a knowledge of political economy would consider it wise to expend more labor on production, than its possible remuneration? Yet is not this the constant mistake of household economy? Do we not use so much time and strength on the maintenance of the body, that the mind is crippled, and the soul undeveloped? Still we are obliged to confess that circumstances often bind us to these conditions. Ought it to be thus? Can a spiritual, intelligent people afford to lose their rightful inheritance, when the conserved wisdom of many in our own Societies could come to the rescue? Gail Hamilton says, 'Utter no complaint whatever betide, for complaining is the sign of weakness; if your trouble can be helped, help it; if not, bear it.' Thus our desire to be strong and brave mid the trials which everywhere creep into life, causes us to take for granted that 'whatever is, is right,' when if we had the will and power to climb out of the ruts, we should see that many things are possible with the energetic and persevering. Our household economy should be constantly growing to perfection. Communal life, division of labor, united interests, ought certainly to solve the problem of how the body, mind and spirit can and shall be properly developed, without either of the three infringing on the other. Who among the noble, brave-hearted Sisterhood will give us the benefit of their experience, that our Zion home may be rich in members having sound minds in sound bodies, pure and refined spirits, able to be the counterpart of angels. But my space is filled ere I have time to say, that of all beautiful scenery, we think nothing can surpass our home and its environments at this season of the year. The neatly cultivated gardens and fields in close proximity with the leafy fulness of the wooded hills beyond, make a natural picture such as many spend time and money in traveling to see. A. J. C. Center Family. July 10, 1892. We again find ourselves in the month of the merry hay-makers, when the harvesting really commences. Brethren have been busily engaged the past week, haying, and much interest was manifested, as we find them working after supper getting it under shelter, lest the rain come, and spoil their labor. Corn, beans and potatoes are doing nicely. We had our first meal of peas June 26th; rather early, was it not? Cherries are not as plentiful as some years, nevertheless they are fine. Sisters are putting up some of the small fruit for winter use already. Our Sunday Service has been held at the meeting house this season but no public meeting and the rain lias not kept us at home thus far. Last Sunday two Sisters representing the Koreshan Community attended and the general impression made was that they are sincerely living out tljeir principles of right. They have the heart-felt wishes of the people here for their success. The weather has been quite an improvement this month on last, and July if it continues, may redeem June's rainy character. General good health prevails in the family. Early potatoes this morning. I. L. P. HNTortlx Family. July, 1892. We are now in the haying season with harvest of grain close at hand. The hay crop with us is very light, except where the land has been highly fertilized. Rye generally very good; oats medium. Fruit very much less than was anticipated. Eecently we have enjoyed a very pleasant and profitable visit with the two leading sisters of the Koreshan Unity: Annie G. Ordway and Virginia Andrews. Very interesting, inasmuch as all doubt as to the virgin celibate character of the members of the Unity is removed, and a Christian communistic relation maintained: they living the same lives as do all true members of our Shaker Communities. Profitable, because we felt a renewed baptism of courage, hope and life; an inspiration that prompted to more zeal in the spiritual work of God. Their theology being based upon an entirely new system of astronomy, overthrowing all our preconceived ideas, was well nigh enough to turn the balance against them. But coming to a knowledge of their lives by personal contact, (Br. Benjamin Gates having visited them in their own home at Chicago and now their leading sisters visiting our home,) the prejudice has been removed, and we feel free to look into and examine their theology and cosmogony; knowing that the truth will in the end prevail. It is a matter for heart-felt gratitude that we have no cast-iron creed to keep the soul from growing into a more perfect knowledge of the truth continually. Above all peoples should 'we be the most free, and the most willing to acknowledge truth wherever it is manifested. Is there any other way we can come in unity of faith unto perfect men and women, to the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ? We are now on the declining side of the year 1892, which is our centennial of the gathering of our church into gospel order. Believers have had much experience and learned many things in their hundred years of travel that would be very interesting and profitable for the rising generation to know, and might save a good deal of blundering repetition in the future. 'A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.' While we have living witnesses to speak, could we not learn more and better from them, than from future history made up of inferences gathered from circumstances? A series of meetings composed of representatives from every Society to exchange experience, thought, and suggestions on the living, vital issues pertaining to the increase of Christ's kingdom in the earth, would be very inspiring and soul awakening. Shall the spiritual work of God be left, for the most part to invisible agency, and we poor mortals just drift Avith the current? The times are propitious, the fire is aglow, and the iron heating; who will tell when to strike? In kindest love, D. O. Watervliet, N. Y. Second Family. The weather has been wet and cold for this season of the year. We are in the midst of haying, that is, when the sun shines. The crop in this section will only be medium. Eye is about ready for the reapers. Corn is very backward, oats are heading out. Our beloved Ministry arrived at the Valley July 5th., in good health. They brought us much love from eastern kindred, also from the Mount. We are glad to say Br. Chauncy Miller keeps improving in health and strength. May he recover and be with us many years, as he has talents that are much coveted in 'Zion's great need.' While we are busy laying in temporal stores, let us not forget the spiritual harvest. Human nature is just as full of excuses to-day as it was in the days of Jesus, if not more so. We need to keep our calling ever before us, it is dangerous to parley or look back, for Satan is ever ready to take us on that high pinnacle and offer us the kingdoms of this world if we will only bow down and worship him. Let us bear in mind there is no standstill, it is either forward or backward. Let us therefore be numbered with those who have put their hands to the gospel plow never to look back. * Shaker Station, Conn. 'Paul may plant and Apollos may water, but God giveth the increase'giveth it not in our own time it may be, but in his own best time, in his own wise way, and no repining on our part, no impatience at the delay can hasten its growth. 'As the heaven is high above the earth, so is his thought above our thought, and his way above our way.' We see how nature works and waits from spring to fall and from fall to spring again, and watch how slowly the seed sown in the spring-time makes progress toward the ripened fruit. Knowing this to be God's own way of working, we should apply the same rule to spiritual life. Let us be sure we are sowing pure seed in the heart, sure we ought to do just what we are doing, and all will be well. We have but to do our part and wait in faith for God to do his. He will surely do it, and as surely will He see to it that no effort of ours toward the right fails of its reward. 'Having done all to stand.' The Manifesto is a visitor at our home every month. It is like the face of a dear friend. How quickly we scan the pages to see if our friends have sent us their words of soul cheer and good-will. It is just what we need, we get so many instructive lessons from it we should be sorry to miss its visits. Our ever bearing strawberry plants are a success. The crop was abundant. It may prove to be the ideal berry. The poultry business is a study. It means something more than throwing down corn to chickens. Just which breed to keep is what might be discussed every month. It is a matter of experience. Every thing can not be put plainly on paper, but we can talk about it and get ideas from each other. 5193 spaces of cream were sold in June. D. Obcutt. Sontli ITartLily. Again we are reminded that 'Home Notes' are due for the Manifesto, and with those who so freely give for the benefit of others I would unite and speak of the many blessings whick are ours to enjoy. Health, the best of all earthly blessings, has be'en conferred upon us, and contributes much to the demands upon our time at this season of interest and occupation within and without, when every thing is teeming with life and joy. The New England climate we protest is very anti-christian weather. If there is any normal condition for the weather, it appears of late to be one of rain, hot sun and disagreeable winds. We have heard it hinted that certain spots on the sun are the cause of the trouble. If so, soon may they leave us in peace. Our farmers look and feel disconsolate because harvest is here and no good weather to secure it. Hoed crops are behindhand for the same cause, every thing is growing, weeds and all. We would mention the value of Breed's Weeder in keeping weeds down. But we believe that God's blessing will eventually rest on faithful labors done in his service; in doing our part and leaving results with a higher power. A severe thunder shwer passed over our valley on the 3rd. inst., doing some damage; the wind was also terrific. It continued for some time, blowing down trees and leveling the corn and other things. It was much cooler and frost-like the next morning but has again become warm, and hopes areihitertained of a few days of fair weather. M. W. Ayer, Mass. July, 1892. As one individual after another is led to apply for membership in our Society, we have a line chance to see to what extent they have been baptized into a refining and moralizing element necessary for a further work into that which is more spiritual. And where should this refining work commence if not in the minds of the children and youth, who should be pliable an d easily led toward the spirit of good and thus become a blessing to themselves and to their friends. Fathers and mothers, there is nothing of greater importance to you, than to make the welfare of your children the first object of your life;the preserving of the purity and innocence of their young lives. Is the raising of large crops to be compared to it, or is the unceasing scrub scrubscrub! which makes the home a marvel of neatness, to be of parallel importance to the giving of attention to the influences that are moulding the characters of our children, the effects of which will live long after our hard labor has turned to dust? We may not know the effect of a kind word, although it may not be held in remembrance of the speaker, while in the mind of the child, who may have needed just that touch of inspiration, it may awake to new life after a journey of many years. The young mind is always open to surrounding influences, and the brighter those influences are made, the more pleasant becomes life's pathway. Where'er you go, yea, sow a seed, If cloudy be your sky or fair; God's grain shall fruitful be, indeed,. And we to heaven the sheaves may bear. Haying has commenced and we are gathering in crops from some of the seed ! sown in early spring. May the harvest be bountiful. Apples are about a medium crop. Pears and plums are about the same. Were blest with a plentiful supply of strawberries. A. D. B.