World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated for July.'To say this number is the most interesting, beautiful and valuable of all the numbers so far issued is putting the fact very mildly. Indeed it is the crown jewel of the seventeen artistic gemsthe seventeen numbers so far published. This month the frontispiece is a full page, half-tone, copper plate engraving of the Hon. M. H. De Young of San Francisco, third Vice-President of the World's Columbian Commission. it contains many reading articlesof paramount importance to all those intersted in the growth and development of the Exposition. We notice especially 'The Nation Wishes It,' setting forth very strongly that the Exposition is not only a national enterprise, but should be dignified by substantial National support. It leaves no ground for any belief other than that the American people so view this great enterprise. There are two very valuable and timely articles entitled, 'Sunday Opening vs. Closing,' and 'Sunday Opening at the World's Fair.' The latter is by Mrs. Frances E. Bagley of Michigan, Lady Manager-at-large and widow of the late Gov. Bagley. She has arrayed her arguments in an interesting and convincing manner, and her article sheds considerable light on the satisfactory solution of this much mooted question. There is a schedule of the 'Official Traffic Arrangements for the Exposition,' including the railroads and the trans-oceanic steamship lines. This article is of great importance to intending exhibitors and visitors. Very conspicuous among the artistic features are engravings, nearly all full page, of statuary for the adornment of the principal buildings. There are two excellent full page engravings of the Washington State building and of the Maine State building, with many photographs of the State board managers of these two States. There is also a double page engraving of the Mines and Mining Building, the first of the great department buildings to be completed. Altogether, too much cannot be said in praise of this admirable number. In a more pleasing and definite manner, by means of it, than ever before can we appreciate the great importance and the educational influence of the World's Columbian Exposition. From first to last there will be sixty numbers of this journal. Price of the entire issues, postpaid to any address in the United States, Canada or Mexico, 12. Early in the fall it will be published semi-monthly; during the Exposition, weekly. Annual subscription price (24 copies) $5. 50. The publishers announce their 'Special Great Offer,' which includes all the copies from July to January, this year, ten in number, to one address for only $1.50; or about half price. Single copies 25 cts. Address, J. B. CAMPBELL, President, 159 and 161 Adams St. Chicago, ILL., U. S. A.