West Pittsfield, Mass. Aug. 10, 1892. Deab Exdeb Henby:Our gospel messenger, the good little Manifesto, always comes promptly on its errand of love and soul-enlightenment, and is very welcome. Weather through July was extremely warm, and August promises to be as sultry. We have not made such heat welcome, but like some other things, it stays. Health of family at present, is quite good. We are continually giving thanks for Br. Ira's preservation to us. He is in better health now than for many months past. There is some repairing of buildings being done, in the way of shingling and mending of roofs to keep out the water, which however pleasant it may be to the parched earth, does not prove so when it comes dripping down within four walls. Quite a work is just completed at the East Family; a well has been dug, and water carried by means of a windmill to the top of the house, and modern conveniences put in on each floor. Within three weeks we have had several hard thunder-storms. During one a valuable ox belonging to the East Family was struck by lightning and killed and in two successive storms, the telephone box in the Trustee's office was shivered into many pieces. Such severe storms have not been known for some years in this vicinity. We feel no cause for complaint, as life and buildings were spared, but renewed gratitude to our loving Father who is truly a 'Eock of defense' to all who trust in Him. Eldress Polly Lee and Sister Lavina Dutcher came to us on July 27th. We enjoyed a very pleasant visit with them. They will surely be enrolled among the good and true. To-day we have enjoyed a similar privilege with Br. Washington Jones, and Sisters, Corinne Bishop and Esther Gill from the Center Family, Mount Lebanon. Such opportunities for interchange of love and good-will are too few and far between. It has been truly said that 'Believers are one great family,' no matter how far separated. If so, should we not call on each other whenever the privilege offers? We were reminded by Elder Louie, in our meeting of Aug. 6th., that it was the one hundred and eighteenth anniversary of the arrival of Mother Ann in this country, with her little band of followers. We feel incited to keep the gospel free and unspotted, which has cost us so much, but which has come to us, 'Without money and without price.' The fall term of school opened on Monday, the 15th. E. B.