THE PERPETUITY OF HUMAN INSTITUTIONS. Hamilton DeGraw. 'Creeds, empires, systems, rot with age.' The objective point in the establishment of organizations in human society wkether religious, social or political is a desire for the betterment of life's conditions. For that purpose men break from their old moorings, reorganize in striving for the goal of their ambition. The subjective is, how long shall these present associations last? All finite entities contain within themselves the elements of progress and decay. Complying with the conditions that are in harmony with the former, will ensure life, neglect these and decay is certain. When the vitalizing spirit that animated and gave life at the beginninghas spent its force, or in other words, any organization that has performed its mission, the most proper thing to do is to make its last will and testament and go into dissolution. A failure to do so produces a respectable ( ?) fossil. A witness thereof can be seen in the many antiquated forms in the religious and political world. 'O consistency, thou art a jewel.' But in what does consistency consist? Emerson says, 'obey the highest light revealed to-day, if it upsets and destroys all of the preconcieved ideas of yesterday. The law of change that is written on all human institutions, is the propelling power that is forcing onward toward a higher destiny, the ever restless spirit of man. The continuity of an organization depends upon its adaptability to the wants and needs of its supporters. The difference between life and mere existence is apparent. The one is the energetic, active, dominant force seen in all progressive associations. The other, the passiveness resulting from arriving at the boundary of its environment. While its adherents believe that it is the highest embodiment of their ideal it holds its former position ; when convinced that its boundary has been reached and its work accomplished, then it is shelved to make room for advanced thought. The conservative element in life that clings to the old, fearing to launch out into unknown seas, and 'opposing the new moon out of respect for the old,' is the balancing power that keeps in check the radical element that without proper restraint would overthrow all organization and hurl society into inextricable confusion. The proper adjustment of these forces produces a healthy growth, conserving the old as long as it is conducive to the welfare of the body ; and when not, is removed to make way for newer and better conditions. The inharmonious adjustment of the centripetal and centrifugal forces in life is the cause of the discordant notes that are sounded upon the keys of human experience. When these are properly balanced, the unfolding of life will proceed with a regularity not now apparent. To the superficial observer, the structure is hid by the scaffolding used in its erection, which is to be removed when the necessity for it ceases. When mankind progress out of the artificial environment they have placed around themselves and accept nature as their teacher and guide, the longevity of human life and human institutions will be increased. Place a pyramid upon its apex and it needs many stays to prevent it from toppling over, but on its base it is its own support. The operation of that ceaseless law that is changing the thought of the age, is but the legitimate operation of those forces that when left to their normal action will lead through pleasant pathways, unfolding to the mind higher conceptions of life as its development enables it to comprehend those higher truths. The nineteenth century is in advance of the preceding ones because the revelations of advance thought have been accepted. 'Give us this day our daily bread' is applicable in more senses than something fresh to sustain the corporeal system. Truth only is eternal and its continuity cannot be questioned, but there must be new revelations of it to supply the growing needs of a progressive life. As the whole is greater than a part, the success of the great human body or humanity in its entirety does not depend upon the perpetual existence of any one separate part which can be dispensed with and the body perform its normal functions as long as the vital principle, the soul life remains intact. In all of the great religions that mark the growth of spiritual life in the race, there is a principle that is as eternal as the infinite because it is an emanation from that fountain ; but the materialistic cloak that has enshrouded them showing marked differences to the outer sense is fast being removed, showing the attonement that exists between them. When this work has been accomplished, names and sects and parties will not exist, 'as the knowledge of the Lord will cover the earth as the waters cover the sea.' Then the prophetic announcement will be fulfilled,;'I will shake all nations and the desire of all nations shall come and I will fill this house (the human soul) with glory, saith the Lord.' Sonyea, N. Y.