East Canterbury, N. H. Weather Record, for July, 1892. Highest Temp, during the mo. 92. Lowest ' ' ' ' 51. Mean ' ' ' ' 70.S Total rainfall ' ' ' 1.95in. Number of days in which .01 of an inch fell, (5. X. A. Bkiggs. Aug. 1892. 'All things work for good to those who love the Lord;' and indeed. we are all interested to have what we may do, work for good. The heat and cold, the sunshine and storm, are just beyond our power of control, and we can do no better than to let them come and go, while we are faithfully engaged in our duty. The barns are now filled with the best quality of hay, and with good hay and good stock the farmers can sit cross-legged and sing. This makes the winter months grow shorter, and the storms genfy fade away. Very few blueberries have been gathered this season. Several barriers stood in the way and by the time they were fully removed, the sweet, little blueberries had left their bushy homes. The blackberries may not so easily escape, as interested parties of Sisters are busy from day to day gathering the black caps for winter use. With a good supply of fruit we need have but little fear. August has been a month for camp meetings at the Weirs and thousands have made their way thither to preach and sing and pray. Baptists, Methodists, Unitirians and UmVers tlists. While there were so many good men and women, it would be a nice point to designate the sainted Christian from his equally fortunate finning Christian. Two Sisters visited the Unitarian Grove Meeting and were on the grounds more than two weeks, conversing upon the good things of God, distributing tracts, and comforting the hundivds who did not attend the meetings, they s:d small packages of Lovage and sugared flag. Who knows but that even this may be the means of leading some to grace. While the Universalists were preaching from the Methodist stand, and sitting in Methodist seats, and occasionally singing a Methodist hymn, two Brethren and two Sisters made a trip to the Camp ground, on the shore of the Wimiepesaukee Lake. Although the Indian name of this beautiful lake, is 'The smile of the Great Spirit,' it might be questionable if this heavenly smile was apparent through all that was said during this mixture of theology from such antagonistic systems of belief. However, we concluded that God's smile on the Lake would in the wonderful bye and bye, chase away all the man-made dogmas, and all the unloveable features of each class and make them to be as Brothers and Sisters in their work for God and for humanity. Summer boarders abound. They are in every valley and on every mountain. If they can find rest to their weary souls and bodies, they are indeed fortunate. Not less than thirty of these wandering sons and daughters were admitted into our dwelling to listen to the voice of song. It is said that their hearts were made glad, and may be the inner life was brought into closer harmony with the spirit of all Good. On the Sabbath the Novitiate Order permitted some eighteen or twenty to sit with them during the hour of worship. They al so may have been blest, in common with their Christian friends, and in this way humanity is made better, and God, our Father and Mother is praised of men. H.