Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Center Family. Aug. 1892. Our haying is done and we have had an unusually large crop. Our grain is nearly harvested. We have had excellent early potatoes for over a week past, while cucumbers, squashes and string beans have appeared on our table. Pears are just beginning to ripen. The early apples are scarce. The Sisters have spent several days picking huckleberries, which are quite plentiful this season. People keep in usual good health. We have warm days and cool nights, plenty of rain and abundance of sunshine both inside and out, These are beautiful days for farmer and pleasure seeker alike. Society meetings are spirit quickening and soul satisfying. Praise and thanks to the Great First Cause from whom all blessings flow, peace, love and joy to all his people. Beloved Elder Henry:Accept our thanks, many and kind, for the Editorial in the August Manifesto. The theme is excellent; every word is good and true. Hope all who run may read. We have long, wished to pen just such an article, but are minus the talent to condense and yet portray the subject, as we now have it. Had we passed to the home 'over there,' we might think we had come again to the home over here, and inspired the writing of that well-written epistle. This, from the pen of one who for seventy years has been a scholar in the school of Christ; conforming to the precepts and following the example of our divine Teacher. My experience in this blessed school has been fraught with peace, joy and heavenly comfort; seasoned at intervals with tribulation, sorrow and repentance. No discouragement nor weakness is found in souls free from sin. Amid the darkest hours of life, the kingdom of peace reigns within. To those who may chance to read these lines, be it known that through our life we have put forth our best efforts to honor this highest school of Christian love. Go thou and do far better than we have done; God will reward you with a righteous reward and our most excellent Teacher will give you a glorious certificate. Now good Editor, please accept our best love and impart freely to the inmates of your beautiful home, with whom we had the pleasure of spending most happy hours in days gone by. May heaven bless all those who contribute to our little paper, and may God bless and prosper its worthy Editor. Your Sister, H. R. Agnew.