NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, New York Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. July. Thermometer. Bain. 1891. 60.83 4.875 in. 1892. 70.05 7.875 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 94. Lowest ' ' ' ' 46. Total Rainfall ' ' ' 7% in. Number of rainy days ' ' 9 C. G. R. Aug. 11. 1892. We purpose to give Home Notes a vacation this month for the time is mostly employed trying to 'keep cool,' and dodge the so-called electric storms, of which we have such an abundance. The old-fashioned thunder-storm coming directly from the northwest, lasting about three quarters of an hour, then passing on leaving the air clear and cool, is a rarity. Now they come from every and any point in the heavens, two from different directions at once with the wind changing every few minutes; and under such conditions they are like some people; they do not know when to take their leave, or say the last word. The most threatening looking storms are quite apt to pass us by, while those of a seemingly milder type develop into the simply terrific. To those who delight in the 'awful' the electric displays are 'grand.' Lightning of every hue, and shape. Chains, forks, arches, plaids, branches are to be seen; and if it would only come a little slower, milder and not be so uncertainly mischievous wTe should all delight in it, as we would in gazing upon man-made pyrotechnics. If this year thus far, is what we may expect during the maximum period of the sun spots, then perhaps during the eleven years, we may become used to it. But these storms are of the earth, earthy, even of the mud, muddy, and we will endeavor not to let them enter the spiritual realm, where we can always find a calm. Even the clouds there have a silver lining, and how blessed a retreat where we can enjoy together the well-earned fruits of the spirit. Into this realm, we shall always love to invite such dear friends as lately visited us from Groveland. Eldress Polly Lee and Sister Lavina Dutcher. We would that they were nearer us, when we could joy in their joy and sorrow in their sorrow in other ways besides words. Strength of body, mind, purpose and cause, lies in concentration. We are learning this lesson, but when shall we know it? Our beloved ex-ministry, Elder Daniel and Eldress Ann, are still with the living, soul and body. They are practicing their life-long lesson of active goodness, proving how long and strong that spirit can last which has always lived for other's good. This is not vacation time after all, but next month will do just as well. A. J. C. North Family. Aug. 11. 1892. In the last month we have witnessed some very magnificent electrical displays; they were awfully grand. On the afternoon of the ninth inst. one of our neighbors had his barn struck by lightning and with its contents entirely consumed. Hay harness, tools, etc. There were four persons in the barn at the time: the owner, his two sons and a hired man. The eldest of the two sons was standing in the door-way, and was killed instantly; the other three escaped unharmed. Here is another instance in proof of the danger of being in the open door-way during a thunder-storm. About two years ago the barn that stood in the same place was struck and entirely destroyed. Some twenty-five years ago this farm was owned by the North Family. Oat harvest is progressing as fast as the weather will permit. We are now engaged preparing a room at our cow-barn in which to put a separator; we have tested it in our laundry, to our entire satisfaction. Shall put a motor in the room, and drive it with water power. Are in hopes that it will somewhat reduce the dairy labor, and yield a better article of cream and butter. I trust that before we reach the next century-post, there will be a Christian people on the earth who will have learned to prepare food in far greater perfection without the products of the dairy, or henyard than is now done with them. The time was, and that within the memory of those living, when it was thought to be impractical to get along in the kitchen without the hog. Now, we look upon that as disgusting. Undoubtedly, in the not far off future there will be those who will look upon the productions of the cow and hen with greater disgust, and will exclude them from their dietary entirely. The subject is worthy the consideration of all who are striving to live according to the 'Golden Rule,' and the Law of Love. Peace on earth and good-will exercised toward all, will never be realized till the diet of the people is changed. When humanity of the past, was in Eden, fruits and grains were their portion. When Eden is restored, will it not be the same? D. O. Shakers, N. Y. Second Family. We had a few days in July that made us think the old version expressed the heat best, it seemed as if the very ground would burn up. We have finished haying and trying to get in' the oats and if it will only stop raining long enough, we shall succeed. The Sisters say, if we do not know as much as we should, we do know beans, and how to can them. We are now engaged canning string-beans for sale and home use. The Society have put up several hundred doz. cans; expect to put up several hundred more, before the season is over. We had a pleasant visit on the 18th. ult. with our good friends from Groveland, Elder Alexander Work, Eldress Polly Lee and Sr. Lavina Dutcher. We believe them to be worthy, cross-bearing souls, true followers of Christ and Mother. We have also been privileged to enjoy a visit with our dearly-loved mother, Eldress Ann. We were over-joyed to see her among us as of yore, with her even, inimitable grace of mind and person. She seemed an angel of goodness with her pleasant smile and kindly word for all. Dear precious, Eldress Ann, you know we deeply, truly love you, and it must be a comfort and consolation to you in your declining years to know how much you are loved and honored by those to whom you have always been such a wise counselor and friend. We have all shared of your love and goodness of heart, and may we be worthy children. We thank the dear Sister who wrote the beautiful tribute of love to our mother. We believe it expresses the feelings of all Zion's sons and daughters. Here is an example of practical Christianity. For what end the gospel of Jesus Christ, if not to make us more like the Divine. Let n% so live while on the earth, that we may honor our cause, be a blessing to our Brethren and Sisters, writing in their memory an epitaph, by the doing of kind deeds, for if we do not live so as to merit the blessing of the faithful and consecrated, here, we cannot expect to win it in the world to come. West Pittsfield, Mass. Aug. 10, 1892. Deab Exdeb Henby:Our gospel messenger, the good little Manifesto, always comes promptly on its errand of love and soul-enlightenment, and is very welcome. Weather through July was extremely warm, and August promises to be as sultry. We have not made such heat welcome, but like some other things, it stays. Health of family at present, is quite good. We are continually giving thanks for Br. Ira's preservation to us. He is in better health now than for many months past. There is some repairing of buildings being done, in the way of shingling and mending of roofs to keep out the water, which however pleasant it may be to the parched earth, does not prove so when it comes dripping down within four walls. Quite a work is just completed at the East Family; a well has been dug, and water carried by means of a windmill to the top of the house, and modern conveniences put in on each floor. Within three weeks we have had several hard thunder-storms. During one a valuable ox belonging to the East Family was struck by lightning and killed and in two successive storms, the telephone box in the Trustee's office was shivered into many pieces. Such severe storms have not been known for some years in this vicinity. We feel no cause for complaint, as life and buildings were spared, but renewed gratitude to our loving Father who is truly a 'Eock of defense' to all who trust in Him. Eldress Polly Lee and Sister Lavina Dutcher came to us on July 27th. We enjoyed a very pleasant visit with them. They will surely be enrolled among the good and true. To-day we have enjoyed a similar privilege with Br. Washington Jones, and Sisters, Corinne Bishop and Esther Gill from the Center Family, Mount Lebanon. Such opportunities for interchange of love and good-will are too few and far between. It has been truly said that 'Believers are one great family,' no matter how far separated. If so, should we not call on each other whenever the privilege offers? We were reminded by Elder Louie, in our meeting of Aug. 6th., that it was the one hundred and eighteenth anniversary of the arrival of Mother Ann in this country, with her little band of followers. We feel incited to keep the gospel free and unspotted, which has cost us so much, but which has come to us, 'Without money and without price.' The fall term of school opened on Monday, the 15th. E. B. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Center Family. Aug. 1892. Our haying is done and we have had an unusually large crop. Our grain is nearly harvested. We have had excellent early potatoes for over a week past, while cucumbers, squashes and string beans have appeared on our table. Pears are just beginning to ripen. The early apples are scarce. The Sisters have spent several days picking huckleberries, which are quite plentiful this season. People keep in usual good health. We have warm days and cool nights, plenty of rain and abundance of sunshine both inside and out, These are beautiful days for farmer and pleasure seeker alike. Society meetings are spirit quickening and soul satisfying. Praise and thanks to the Great First Cause from whom all blessings flow, peace, love and joy to all his people. Beloved Elder Henry:Accept our thanks, many and kind, for the Editorial in the August Manifesto. The theme is excellent; every word is good and true. Hope all who run may read. We have long, wished to pen just such an article, but are minus the talent to condense and yet portray the subject, as we now have it. Had we passed to the home 'over there,' we might think we had come again to the home over here, and inspired the writing of that well-written epistle. This, from the pen of one who for seventy years has been a scholar in the school of Christ; conforming to the precepts and following the example of our divine Teacher. My experience in this blessed school has been fraught with peace, joy and heavenly comfort; seasoned at intervals with tribulation, sorrow and repentance. No discouragement nor weakness is found in souls free from sin. Amid the darkest hours of life, the kingdom of peace reigns within. To those who may chance to read these lines, be it known that through our life we have put forth our best efforts to honor this highest school of Christian love. Go thou and do far better than we have done; God will reward you with a righteous reward and our most excellent Teacher will give you a glorious certificate. Now good Editor, please accept our best love and impart freely to the inmates of your beautiful home, with whom we had the pleasure of spending most happy hours in days gone by. May heaven bless all those who contribute to our little paper, and may God bless and prosper its worthy Editor. Your Sister, H. R. Agnew. Shaker Station, Conn. 'Whosoever shall give a cup of water in Christ's name, he shall not lose his reward.' There are many needy travelers on the journey of life who are fainting for the cup of cold water that we might give. It is a little thing to do, and there are none who have not some opportunity of giving it. Are we always ready to do some good deed? The cup of water, the word of sympathy, the many little ways in which we can do good if we have the love of the Master in our hearts, may reach some struggling soul and help him to conquer a sinful life. The word in season, well chosen and fitted in at the right moment, may make an impression never to be effaced, and sinking deeper and deeper, may turn the heart that has received it to walk in the way of eternal life. I only wish to call attention to those little things we consider trifles, but which mean so much to those in trouble, or to 'the stranger within the gates.' Let us be up and doing while our day lasts. There are calls for help in every direction. We have a work to do, and if we do it well and hear the blessing pronounced, 'Well done good and faithful servant,' will not that be sufficient reward for all our suffering? Business in poultry keeping should start small and work up. Get good poultry and learn from observation and experience. Chickens make the best growth on whole wheat with no sloppy food. To make poultry business profitable requires calculation. This is required in any business. Eggs represent cash. Our largest hen's egg for July weighed five ounces. Very acceptable. 3921 spaces of cream were sold in July. D. Orcutt. Ayer, Mass. Aug. 1892. Dear Editor:The drouth has finally ended. For three long weeks, Old Sol poured down his rays with double intensity. Our supply of water which has seldom been known to fail during a term of forty years, has been proven to its extremity this time, and had not nature blest us with a refreshing shower, to-day, before the week had ended, we could have told you a long story of our wonderful spring. However, our crops are looking quite well. More hay, and that of a better quality, has been cut this year, than during any of the last ten years. Potatoes bid fair for a good crop. Indian and ensilage corn are growing finely, and a stalk has been brought to the house that measured in height, more than nine feet. A. D. B.