NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, New York Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. July. Thermometer. Bain. 1891. 60.83 4.875 in. 1892. 70.05 7.875 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 94. Lowest ' ' ' ' 46. Total Rainfall ' ' ' 7% in. Number of rainy days ' ' 9 C. G. R. Aug. 11. 1892. We purpose to give Home Notes a vacation this month for the time is mostly employed trying to 'keep cool,' and dodge the so-called electric storms, of which we have such an abundance. The old-fashioned thunder-storm coming directly from the northwest, lasting about three quarters of an hour, then passing on leaving the air clear and cool, is a rarity. Now they come from every and any point in the heavens, two from different directions at once with the wind changing every few minutes; and under such conditions they are like some people; they do not know when to take their leave, or say the last word. The most threatening looking storms are quite apt to pass us by, while those of a seemingly milder type develop into the simply terrific. To those who delight in the 'awful' the electric displays are 'grand.' Lightning of every hue, and shape. Chains, forks, arches, plaids, branches are to be seen; and if it would only come a little slower, milder and not be so uncertainly mischievous wTe should all delight in it, as we would in gazing upon man-made pyrotechnics. If this year thus far, is what we may expect during the maximum period of the sun spots, then perhaps during the eleven years, we may become used to it. But these storms are of the earth, earthy, even of the mud, muddy, and we will endeavor not to let them enter the spiritual realm, where we can always find a calm. Even the clouds there have a silver lining, and how blessed a retreat where we can enjoy together the well-earned fruits of the spirit. Into this realm, we shall always love to invite such dear friends as lately visited us from Groveland. Eldress Polly Lee and Sister Lavina Dutcher. We would that they were nearer us, when we could joy in their joy and sorrow in their sorrow in other ways besides words. Strength of body, mind, purpose and cause, lies in concentration. We are learning this lesson, but when shall we know it? Our beloved ex-ministry, Elder Daniel and Eldress Ann, are still with the living, soul and body. They are practicing their life-long lesson of active goodness, proving how long and strong that spirit can last which has always lived for other's good. This is not vacation time after all, but next month will do just as well. A. J. C. North Family. Aug. 11. 1892. In the last month we have witnessed some very magnificent electrical displays; they were awfully grand. On the afternoon of the ninth inst. one of our neighbors had his barn struck by lightning and with its contents entirely consumed. Hay harness, tools, etc. There were four persons in the barn at the time: the owner, his two sons and a hired man. The eldest of the two sons was standing in the door-way, and was killed instantly; the other three escaped unharmed. Here is another instance in proof of the danger of being in the open door-way during a thunder-storm. About two years ago the barn that stood in the same place was struck and entirely destroyed. Some twenty-five years ago this farm was owned by the North Family. Oat harvest is progressing as fast as the weather will permit. We are now engaged preparing a room at our cow-barn in which to put a separator; we have tested it in our laundry, to our entire satisfaction. Shall put a motor in the room, and drive it with water power. Are in hopes that it will somewhat reduce the dairy labor, and yield a better article of cream and butter. I trust that before we reach the next century-post, there will be a Christian people on the earth who will have learned to prepare food in far greater perfection without the products of the dairy, or henyard than is now done with them. The time was, and that within the memory of those living, when it was thought to be impractical to get along in the kitchen without the hog. Now, we look upon that as disgusting. Undoubtedly, in the not far off future there will be those who will look upon the productions of the cow and hen with greater disgust, and will exclude them from their dietary entirely. The subject is worthy the consideration of all who are striving to live according to the 'Golden Rule,' and the Law of Love. Peace on earth and good-will exercised toward all, will never be realized till the diet of the people is changed. When humanity of the past, was in Eden, fruits and grains were their portion. When Eden is restored, will it not be the same? D. O. Shakers, N. Y. Second Family. We had a few days in July that made us think the old version expressed the heat best, it seemed as if the very ground would burn up. We have finished haying and trying to get in' the oats and if it will only stop raining long enough, we shall succeed. The Sisters say, if we do not know as much as we should, we do know beans, and how to can them. We are now engaged canning string-beans for sale and home use. The Society have put up several hundred doz. cans; expect to put up several hundred more, before the season is over. We had a pleasant visit on the 18th. ult. with our good friends from Groveland, Elder Alexander Work, Eldress Polly Lee and Sr. Lavina Dutcher. We believe them to be worthy, cross-bearing souls, true followers of Christ and Mother. We have also been privileged to enjoy a visit with our dearly-loved mother, Eldress Ann. We were over-joyed to see her among us as of yore, with her even, inimitable grace of mind and person. She seemed an angel of goodness with her pleasant smile and kindly word for all. Dear precious, Eldress Ann, you know we deeply, truly love you, and it must be a comfort and consolation to you in your declining years to know how much you are loved and honored by those to whom you have always been such a wise counselor and friend. We have all shared of your love and goodness of heart, and may we be worthy children. We thank the dear Sister who wrote the beautiful tribute of love to our mother. We believe it expresses the feelings of all Zion's sons and daughters. Here is an example of practical Christianity. For what end the gospel of Jesus Christ, if not to make us more like the Divine. Let n% so live while on the earth, that we may honor our cause, be a blessing to our Brethren and Sisters, writing in their memory an epitaph, by the doing of kind deeds, for if we do not live so as to merit the blessing of the faithful and consecrated, here, we cannot expect to win it in the world to come. West Pittsfield, Mass. Aug. 10, 1892. Deab Exdeb Henby:Our gospel messenger, the good little Manifesto, always comes promptly on its errand of love and soul-enlightenment, and is very welcome. Weather through July was extremely warm, and August promises to be as sultry. We have not made such heat welcome, but like some other things, it stays. Health of family at present, is quite good. We are continually giving thanks for Br. Ira's preservation to us. He is in better health now than for many months past. There is some repairing of buildings being done, in the way of shingling and mending of roofs to keep out the water, which however pleasant it may be to the parched earth, does not prove so when it comes dripping down within four walls. Quite a work is just completed at the East Family; a well has been dug, and water carried by means of a windmill to the top of the house, and modern conveniences put in on each floor. Within three weeks we have had several hard thunder-storms. During one a valuable ox belonging to the East Family was struck by lightning and killed and in two successive storms, the telephone box in the Trustee's office was shivered into many pieces. Such severe storms have not been known for some years in this vicinity. We feel no cause for complaint, as life and buildings were spared, but renewed gratitude to our loving Father who is truly a 'Eock of defense' to all who trust in Him. Eldress Polly Lee and Sister Lavina Dutcher came to us on July 27th. We enjoyed a very pleasant visit with them. They will surely be enrolled among the good and true. To-day we have enjoyed a similar privilege with Br. Washington Jones, and Sisters, Corinne Bishop and Esther Gill from the Center Family, Mount Lebanon. Such opportunities for interchange of love and good-will are too few and far between. It has been truly said that 'Believers are one great family,' no matter how far separated. If so, should we not call on each other whenever the privilege offers? We were reminded by Elder Louie, in our meeting of Aug. 6th., that it was the one hundred and eighteenth anniversary of the arrival of Mother Ann in this country, with her little band of followers. We feel incited to keep the gospel free and unspotted, which has cost us so much, but which has come to us, 'Without money and without price.' The fall term of school opened on Monday, the 15th. E. B. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Center Family. Aug. 1892. Our haying is done and we have had an unusually large crop. Our grain is nearly harvested. We have had excellent early potatoes for over a week past, while cucumbers, squashes and string beans have appeared on our table. Pears are just beginning to ripen. The early apples are scarce. The Sisters have spent several days picking huckleberries, which are quite plentiful this season. People keep in usual good health. We have warm days and cool nights, plenty of rain and abundance of sunshine both inside and out, These are beautiful days for farmer and pleasure seeker alike. Society meetings are spirit quickening and soul satisfying. Praise and thanks to the Great First Cause from whom all blessings flow, peace, love and joy to all his people. Beloved Elder Henry:Accept our thanks, many and kind, for the Editorial in the August Manifesto. The theme is excellent; every word is good and true. Hope all who run may read. We have long, wished to pen just such an article, but are minus the talent to condense and yet portray the subject, as we now have it. Had we passed to the home 'over there,' we might think we had come again to the home over here, and inspired the writing of that well-written epistle. This, from the pen of one who for seventy years has been a scholar in the school of Christ; conforming to the precepts and following the example of our divine Teacher. My experience in this blessed school has been fraught with peace, joy and heavenly comfort; seasoned at intervals with tribulation, sorrow and repentance. No discouragement nor weakness is found in souls free from sin. Amid the darkest hours of life, the kingdom of peace reigns within. To those who may chance to read these lines, be it known that through our life we have put forth our best efforts to honor this highest school of Christian love. Go thou and do far better than we have done; God will reward you with a righteous reward and our most excellent Teacher will give you a glorious certificate. Now good Editor, please accept our best love and impart freely to the inmates of your beautiful home, with whom we had the pleasure of spending most happy hours in days gone by. May heaven bless all those who contribute to our little paper, and may God bless and prosper its worthy Editor. Your Sister, H. R. Agnew. Shaker Station, Conn. 'Whosoever shall give a cup of water in Christ's name, he shall not lose his reward.' There are many needy travelers on the journey of life who are fainting for the cup of cold water that we might give. It is a little thing to do, and there are none who have not some opportunity of giving it. Are we always ready to do some good deed? The cup of water, the word of sympathy, the many little ways in which we can do good if we have the love of the Master in our hearts, may reach some struggling soul and help him to conquer a sinful life. The word in season, well chosen and fitted in at the right moment, may make an impression never to be effaced, and sinking deeper and deeper, may turn the heart that has received it to walk in the way of eternal life. I only wish to call attention to those little things we consider trifles, but which mean so much to those in trouble, or to 'the stranger within the gates.' Let us be up and doing while our day lasts. There are calls for help in every direction. We have a work to do, and if we do it well and hear the blessing pronounced, 'Well done good and faithful servant,' will not that be sufficient reward for all our suffering? Business in poultry keeping should start small and work up. Get good poultry and learn from observation and experience. Chickens make the best growth on whole wheat with no sloppy food. To make poultry business profitable requires calculation. This is required in any business. Eggs represent cash. Our largest hen's egg for July weighed five ounces. Very acceptable. 3921 spaces of cream were sold in July. D. Orcutt. Ayer, Mass. Aug. 1892. Dear Editor:The drouth has finally ended. For three long weeks, Old Sol poured down his rays with double intensity. Our supply of water which has seldom been known to fail during a term of forty years, has been proven to its extremity this time, and had not nature blest us with a refreshing shower, to-day, before the week had ended, we could have told you a long story of our wonderful spring. However, our crops are looking quite well. More hay, and that of a better quality, has been cut this year, than during any of the last ten years. Potatoes bid fair for a good crop. Indian and ensilage corn are growing finely, and a stalk has been brought to the house that measured in height, more than nine feet. A. D. B. Shirley, Mass. Aug. 15. 1892. Beloved Elder Hestey :We have recently had a short visit from Elder Geo. Wilcox. These occasional reunions are very comforting indeed. They are flnone too frequent, however. We have finished our hay harvest which is not so large as we have had, but of a good quality. Eye, very good, the threshing of which is one of present occupations. The straw being called for as fast as we can get it to market. It is no news to tell of hot weather; we have reason to think all have had a full share. Corn promises well, as a consequence. How fast the seasons roll on, and how much food for thought they yield. I have been much interested in the articles in the Manufacturer and Builder. They would make a very interesting book. We still keep up fervent desires for a breaking away of the darkness, and the ushering in of the more perfect day. J. W. Enfield, N. H. Dear A. J. C:Your earnest appeal, and wise declarations in the August No., clearly prove that brain waves move in a direct line from New York to New Hampshire, for our thoughts have lately been on the same subject. Thanks for their utterance. If 'Agitation is the beginning of reform,' no good effort is ever lost, but causes an advance toward the desired goal, whether among us, or elsewhere. Our first Elder Brother Ezekiel Morrill, said to the little company who had gathered into communal relations, 'Ye are in the world, yet ye are not of the world.' This should be true of us, his professed followers, and yet we are forced to acknowledge that we move, more or less, with the ebb and flow of the mighty tide governing the masses of humanity; hence the divergencies from the true covenantal consecration. It is an open question, worthy of study, why a people who dress plainly, who do not live to eat, but rather eat that they may have strength to do good while upon the earth, who have not as yet been seized with the traveling mania, should not have both time and means for the healthful development of the physical, mental and spiritual interests. We can see with our Sister the need of rising out of old ruts, of various kinds, which in time must come, as we believe our Father and Mother God, are at the helm, and that nothing will be suffered to supplant the purity and beauty of our communal homes while guarded by loyal members. The old Church has not been opened this summer. Society service in the Chapel, has been attended by some large companies, who could not, nor should they be turned away empty. Why should we close our doors to all save our own members! echo answers, why? Electrical storms have been frequent, and such heat! 120 degrees seems too hot to believe, but that was the report, July 29th. We were sorry to learn that the strawberries failed at Canaan, for our gospel friends are worthy of success, perhaps they did too luuch. It is said that over civilization is causing a loss of natural vitality among humans and it may be so with the petteu strawberry. Ours were nice and quite plenty. The currant bushes were a pretty sight so heavily laden. An abundance for our own use, and some to go abroad. Some one or ones knew just when to apply a solution of hellebore, and destroy the destroyers. M. E. B. Alfred, Me. Aug. 12. 1892. Beloved Elder Henry:No wonder the fear of a hotter climate should have proved a means of grace with so many in past ages. After experiencing the hot nights, and hotter days of July and Aug. one might well dread a more torrid location. The weather has proved favorable for curing hay, and now that the rains have come, corn and potatoes will be glad. Our ensilage corn, of which we have ten acres is already eight feet in the air, and like the youth whose motto was Excelsior, is still climbing. Potatoes planted on sandy soil, the rain came too late to save, but unless the excessive rain and heat shall cause decay we shall have a good crop. Upland hay fell off 35 per cent. If, as some claim, sickness is caused by sin,(Whose sin?) I fear we are not as good as we hoped we were. A kind of epidemic much like whooping-cough visited us some weeks ago and is inclined to remain much longer than it is welcome. We would call it whooping-cough except that those who should be exempt from that disease have to share with the rest. We are expecting some visitors from Harvard, the last of the month. Hope by that time the unwelcome visitor will have left us. We are striving to keep the gospel in its purity and simplicity. F. C. Sonyea, N. Y. The fertile soil and genial climate of Sonyea has produced fruits rich in quality and generous in quantity; it is the land of fruit and flowers, poetry and song, and thrice blessed are they who can claim as their own, a few acres in this modern 'Garden of Eden.' The heat is intense. During a fierce thunder-storm the large barn at the West Farm was struck by lightning. Fortunately the damage was small, only a post was splintered. The absence of fire prevented the destruction of the building. Thanks to Providence that we escaped the terrible scene. G. D. G. Canaan, N. Y. Aug. 5., 1892. Hoav rapidly time speeds along. Here is at hand the ninth month of 1892. The seasons in their order come and go, bringing the duties and cares which must necessarily be attended to, each in its proper time, or we lose the blessing of the faithful laborer. Our Brethren finished haying July 21st. The rye and winter wheat also have been zealously and carefully stored awTay in the barn. The spring wheat was cut yesterday. Our two oldest boys have reaped the grain while our faithful aged Br. Andrew Wise, with the help of two or three little boys have followed the reaper and bound as fast as it was cut. We have not been fortunate enough, as yet, to have an attached reaper and binder, but hope we may in the near future. The Sisters have been striving to obey Mother's injunction to put their hands to work and give their hearts in prayer to God. True Brethren and Sisters are the life and light of Zion. Bless God for them. We have been engaged in painting 27% rods of picket fence in front of the buildings, also continue painting windows, besides attending to a great many other duties pertaining to the welfare of a home. On the 25th. of July we had the pleasure of enjoying a beautiful visit with our two gospel Sisters from Sonyea, Eldress Polly Lee and Sr. Lavina Dutcher. We highly appreciate such privileges, because they serve to strengthen the bonds of gospel love. On Aug. 1st. and 2nd. a company of twenty turned out to have a general merry berry bee; it being a very good year for whortleberries;we gathered nine'and one half bushels. Expect to enjoy some good whortleberry pies when the winds are blowing and the snow is falling. A. B. South Union, Ky. Aug. 11. 1892. Elder Hesby Blinn:Please accept this little contribution, which I want used for the distribution of the Manifesto, wherever you may think best. I think the Manifesto is the best exponent that we have through which to disseminate our doctrines, and I want to help you, as we help ourselves to do this very thing. I am interested that this gospel of salvation should be spread broadcast through our land of freedom. We have been greatly blest in the harvesting of our crops, for which I feel very thankful, and therefore send you a few dollars as a present to help us to be placed more fully before the world. Our hay crop was good. Wheat excellent. The East Family harvested 2200 bu. while the whole Society had 7500 bushels. This was an average of 20 bu. to the acre. Corn promises a fair yield. Fruit is plentiful, especially peaches and apples. Should we not be very thankful. With kindest love, and a hope that you may be blest in your efforts for good, I am your Brother. J. W. P. East Canterbury, N. H. Weather Record, for July, 1892. Highest Temp, during the mo. 92. Lowest ' ' ' ' 51. Mean ' ' ' ' 70.S Total rainfall ' ' ' 1.95in. Number of days in which .01 of an inch fell, (5. X. A. Bkiggs. Aug. 1892. 'All things work for good to those who love the Lord;' and indeed. we are all interested to have what we may do, work for good. The heat and cold, the sunshine and storm, are just beyond our power of control, and we can do no better than to let them come and go, while we are faithfully engaged in our duty. The barns are now filled with the best quality of hay, and with good hay and good stock the farmers can sit cross-legged and sing. This makes the winter months grow shorter, and the storms genfy fade away. Very few blueberries have been gathered this season. Several barriers stood in the way and by the time they were fully removed, the sweet, little blueberries had left their bushy homes. The blackberries may not so easily escape, as interested parties of Sisters are busy from day to day gathering the black caps for winter use. With a good supply of fruit we need have but little fear. August has been a month for camp meetings at the Weirs and thousands have made their way thither to preach and sing and pray. Baptists, Methodists, Unitirians and UmVers tlists. While there were so many good men and women, it would be a nice point to designate the sainted Christian from his equally fortunate finning Christian. Two Sisters visited the Unitarian Grove Meeting and were on the grounds more than two weeks, conversing upon the good things of God, distributing tracts, and comforting the hundivds who did not attend the meetings, they s:d small packages of Lovage and sugared flag. Who knows but that even this may be the means of leading some to grace. While the Universalists were preaching from the Methodist stand, and sitting in Methodist seats, and occasionally singing a Methodist hymn, two Brethren and two Sisters made a trip to the Camp ground, on the shore of the Wimiepesaukee Lake. Although the Indian name of this beautiful lake, is 'The smile of the Great Spirit,' it might be questionable if this heavenly smile was apparent through all that was said during this mixture of theology from such antagonistic systems of belief. However, we concluded that God's smile on the Lake would in the wonderful bye and bye, chase away all the man-made dogmas, and all the unloveable features of each class and make them to be as Brothers and Sisters in their work for God and for humanity. Summer boarders abound. They are in every valley and on every mountain. If they can find rest to their weary souls and bodies, they are indeed fortunate. Not less than thirty of these wandering sons and daughters were admitted into our dwelling to listen to the voice of song. It is said that their hearts were made glad, and may be the inner life was brought into closer harmony with the spirit of all Good. On the Sabbath the Novitiate Order permitted some eighteen or twenty to sit with them during the hour of worship. They al so may have been blest, in common with their Christian friends, and in this way humanity is made better, and God, our Father and Mother is praised of men. H.