Editorial. And why not become established upon a good... And why not become established upon a good and permanent foundation? The temporal and spiritual interests of every individual imperatively demand this care. No order of business could be successfully conducted without a well-digested plan of procedure which would afford adequate stability to the enterprise that was under contemplation. And can it be expected that the spiritual interests of a Community will warrant success by any less effort? When men of mind attempt to raise a superstructure, they arrange with great care, the foundation upon which they are to build, as they know quite well that upon this depends their ultimate success. The good man of New Testament times who exercised so much worldly wisdom as to build his house upon a rock, an immovable foundation, had the great pleasure of finding it securely fixed after the tempest and the flood had exerted their forces upon it and passed on. And for this work so thoroughly accomplished he received the commendation of the divine Teacher. To make this lesson of life more vivid and to force its acceptance into the minds of the more or less indifferent hearers, he placed it in contrast with a workman of an easy and shiftless disposition who built his house upon the sand ; utterly ignoring the necessity of preparing any form of foundation, and the story goes on to say that this house was subjected to a corresponding test. The tempest and the flood came against it, in full force, and the careless builder saw all his property, suddenly destroyed. Every such lesson in life should be studied with great care for a future guidance in our journey through time, and as a necessary admonition while building our home that is to be eternal in the heavens. Too much interest and care cannot be expended upon this spiritual work, which is to be wrought out on the foundation which God has laid. The apostle in his exhortation to the brethren of Corinth, placed this lesson before them in its full force, that he might impress upon them the necessity of a 'faithful continuance in well-doing.' He presents the beautiful figure of God's building, and of the foundation that is laid ; which foundation is Christ. Neither gold nor silver nor even precious stones are worthy to be mentioned in connection with this work of the heavens. For these perishable treasures men may become the slaves of an earth life,suffer all forms of privation,risk every hazardous enterprise, and willingly forget God in their wild pursuit after a shadow. In the building of a religious Community, which is made to include the new earth and the new heavens wherein shall dwell righteousness, comes the spiritual consecration. In this building of God,in this home of God, and more particularly in this Community of God, how very necessary it is for those who accept it, that they should dig deep and lay a foundation in God's love which cannot be moved. There are lessons through the whole history of man that are valuable for meditation, and especially so in the ministrations of Jesus and his immediate followers. On the maintenance of this testimony of eternal life, largely depends the temporal and spiritual prosperity of our gospel home. In this home, consecrated to God, a sure foundation has been laid, upon which we must build. There need be no doubt, no mystery. 'He that soweth to the flesh, shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the spirit, shall of the spirit reap life everlasting.'