THE BIBLE. H. L. EADS. ' 'For no other foundation can man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ.'1 Cor. Hi., 11. There is no text within the lids of the Bible truer or more important than the one I have chosen; but there seems to be a quivering on the waters and a brooding uncertainty arising in the minds of some as to its true value, which I hope and trust I may be able in some good measure to remove. 'No other foundation can man lay than is laid, which is Jesus Christ.' This truth I will in brief attempt to demonstrate. 'Honest persons can not fail to agree in their conclusions if they sufficiently define the terms they use.' This is evidently true. People who are careless are liable to use, and often do use, a word to mean one thing, and afterward use the same word to mean another thing, without knowing they involve themselves in a contradiction. The God-anointed man, Jesus, became the Christ or the Messiahwhile the Christ-anointed disciples became Christ-i&amp;ns, not Messiahs, but simply his Christian followers ; this and nothing more, Jesus alone being the Christ of prophecy. His disciples and followers never were, nor never can be Christs either in this or the angel world. To speak, as has been done, of a 'universal Christ, projecting entities throughout the world,' is using words without a meaning, and to use the term anointing to mean Christ, is doing the same thing. Also, the term Word is used by many in the same careless way. It may be correctly used in various ways, but it really signifies that which conveys an idea to the mind, either spoken or written, or by sign or symbol; but it should never be used to mean an entity, as some have done. 'We should never take words for things, nor suppose them to stand for real entities.' The Bible, wrhile it contains both God's and man's written words, is ridiculed and set at naught by some as \mworthy of perusal; but this is done mostly by those who read it least. I am asked this question :Who can tell which is God's and which is man's wrord? I find but little difficulty in distinguishing between them for myself. All that encourages licentiousness and sin, or any violation of God's law therein recorded, or anything which is impossible to be made clear to the understanding of the rational mind, either literally, figuratively or metaphorically, may be considered the jumbling work of man ; but with it all I would say that there is not, even in the Old Testament, one twentieth part of this character, while we can claim for God nineteen-twentieths as valuable food for the under world ; and the person who would throw all the good away for this little consideration would be as simple and foolish as the person who would throw awray a good-fitting garment because the skirts had become fa trifle soiled. I would say of the New Testament, take it as it is, the whole book exceeds all others in divine inspiration, sublimity of thought and diction, high poetic effusion, similitude, beautiful allegory, parable and metaphor, and its gold should never be cast aside because of its spurious metal. The Old Testament not only foreshadows the New, but it is a foundation and guide for the generative world, while the New is the foundation of the regenerative. Right here I should define what is meant by the term 'foundation.' It is not a sound or word conveying an idea revealed or unrevealed ; but it is a basis on which to build a super-structure. For the New Heaven's Christ and his recorded word are the basis on which the new structure is reared, and no other foundation can any man lay. A text also is a foundation for a discourse. The prophets pointed to Zion's foundation : 'Behold, I lay in Zion a precious corner-stone, a sure foundation.'Isa. xxii., 16. No other can man lay. This foundation is God-laid. He will not lay a different one for the new heavens and earth. He is unchangeable. If we think to find a different one to build on by some future revelation, we build on expectancyon nothing, not even sand. Christ's saying (John iv., 12.) 'He thatbelieveth on me shall do greater works,' does not mean he should build on a different foundation, but that the same work should be more extensive. If any climb up another way, the same are thieves and robbers. That it is unalterable is shown from the fact that no more sacrifice can be made than is now required, and no greater reward can be given than that which is promised for the sacrifice. (to be continued.)