THE EARLY SHAKERS IN MANCHESTER. By William E. A. Axon. F. R. S. L. Vice President and Hon. Secretary of the Vegetarian Society. In my Annals of Manchester and in my Lancashire gleanings I have given some particulars as to the rise of the Shakers in Manchester in the last century. When Elder F. W. Evans visited the city where Ann Lee was born I showed him in Chetham's Library an old discolored newspaper, Manchester Mercury, which records the apprehension of several Shakers.* Some further particulars have come to light and may be of interest. The Corporation of Manchester have recently printed the accounts kept by the Constables of what was then a comparatively small, though busy and wealthy town. The following are the entries that refer to the persecution of 'the Manchester Prophetess' and her associates : July 14, 1772. To apprehending 5 Shakers on Sunday last, 24 persons 6d each, for Assistants 12s. To John Moss for expenses on this and other such like sundry times 6s 8d. To the day after attending them all day when two were committed to the House of Correction, four persons each Is 6d conveying them Is......7s. To ale for 24 Persons about apprehending the Shakers 5s 6d. July 15. To Mrs. Hulme for drink when the Shakers were brought before the Justice Is 6d. July 23. To the Jurors Bailiff on prosecuting John Lee and his daughter Ann Is 6d. To the Cryer's fees 2s 6d. To four women witnesses attending each three days 12s. To four men witnesses attending each same time 18s. To meat and drink for each at 6d a day 12s. To other expenses amongst them during the sessions when both received sentence of commitment 7s. July 20. To a bill of expenses at the Mule when Justice Mainwaring attended to examine the Shakers 2s 7%d. Oct. 3. To widow Shepley for ironwork when the Shakers were apprehended 2s 6d. To sundry persons and expenses quelling a mob who were beginning to pull dj&gt;wn the house of John Townly a Shaker 5s 6d. Oct. 19. To repairs making good the breaches at Lee's in Toadlane in order to apprehend a gang of Shakers lock't up there 5s 2d. May 30, 1773. To Ann Lee a Shaker apprehended for disturbing the Congregation in the old Church detaining her i n the Prison room two days 2s maintaining her with meat and drink and her attendant 2s 3d. wages 2s 6s 3d. July 28. To attending Ann Lee two whole nights 3s. The justice mentioned under date, July 30, 1772, was Peter Mainwaring a well known medical man long resident in the town and who was in the commission of the peace. There seems to have been an ingenious system for combining the secular consumption of ale with the sacred joy of harrying the sturdy protestants who like the earlier Quakers did not hesitate to bear their testimony even in the face of the assembled congregation of the parish church.