'AND LOVE IS THE FIRST OF ALL.' Ernest Pick. One morning, there were several things to be done, apparently, at once, and trying to arrange them in order, the question arose, 'What shall be done first?' I stopped to listen, for the voice of my innermost spoke: 'Love your fellow men.' And there was light; I knew the beginning, without which I could not possibly accomplish the least wrork to the honor and glory of my Master. 'Love your fellow men.' This was the first thing of all, before crossing the threshhold of the house, to go to my daily work. Without it, I felt I should be void of strength, without hands for my work, without heart for my Lord's interest. The importance of this first step seemed to me so great, the desire of starting right so strong, that my heart was filled to overflowing. For a moment a flash of light illumined the horizon of my mind so far and wide, so deep and broad, as my eyes never have seen beforea new thought; at the same time my soul enjoyed an unequalled communion with all that is noble, good and just, true, loving and heavenly a new feeling. 'Love your fellow men.' Not until this shall be the universal language of all tribes, peoples, and nations will man's work be begun to the pleasure of his Creator. Not before this becomes the universal currency of all mankind, stamped on each coin and printed on each bill, will cease the eternal warfare wherein a brother slays another, the son his father, the daughter her own mother. 'Love your fellow men' must be graven on all the boundary-stones of states and empires, carved upon every gate leading into a city, inscribed upon the altars of all churches, verily be set as a mark on every man's forehead, before he will be ready to appear in the presence of the Lord and to re-enter into the Paradise, his birth-place and his abiding home. Return then, ye fugitives and prodigals through the dark abyss of shame and vice, up to the valley of repentance, upon the mountains of truth and virtue, overtopping all else in creation, and upon the summits ascending and boldly reaching into the very heavens of joy, peace and love. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.