Enfield, N. H. Dear A. J. C:Your earnest appeal, and wise declarations in the August No., clearly prove that brain waves move in a direct line from New York to New Hampshire, for our thoughts have lately been on the same subject. Thanks for their utterance. If 'Agitation is the beginning of reform,' no good effort is ever lost, but causes an advance toward the desired goal, whether among us, or elsewhere. Our first Elder Brother Ezekiel Morrill, said to the little company who had gathered into communal relations, 'Ye are in the world, yet ye are not of the world.' This should be true of us, his professed followers, and yet we are forced to acknowledge that we move, more or less, with the ebb and flow of the mighty tide governing the masses of humanity; hence the divergencies from the true covenantal consecration. It is an open question, worthy of study, why a people who dress plainly, who do not live to eat, but rather eat that they may have strength to do good while upon the earth, who have not as yet been seized with the traveling mania, should not have both time and means for the healthful development of the physical, mental and spiritual interests. We can see with our Sister the need of rising out of old ruts, of various kinds, which in time must come, as we believe our Father and Mother God, are at the helm, and that nothing will be suffered to supplant the purity and beauty of our communal homes while guarded by loyal members. The old Church has not been opened this summer. Society service in the Chapel, has been attended by some large companies, who could not, nor should they be turned away empty. Why should we close our doors to all save our own members! echo answers, why? Electrical storms have been frequent, and such heat! 120 degrees seems too hot to believe, but that was the report, July 29th. We were sorry to learn that the strawberries failed at Canaan, for our gospel friends are worthy of success, perhaps they did too luuch. It is said that over civilization is causing a loss of natural vitality among humans and it may be so with the petteu strawberry. Ours were nice and quite plenty. The currant bushes were a pretty sight so heavily laden. An abundance for our own use, and some to go abroad. Some one or ones knew just when to apply a solution of hellebore, and destroy the destroyers. M. E. B.