NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, New York Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. July. Thermometer. Bain. 1891. 60.83 4.875 in. 1892. 70.05 7.875 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 94. Lowest ' ' ' ' 46. Total Rainfall ' ' ' 7% in. Number of rainy days ' ' 9 C. G. R. Aug. 11. 1892. We purpose to give Home Notes a vacation this month for the time is mostly employed trying to 'keep cool,' and dodge the so-called electric storms, of which we have such an abundance. The old-fashioned thunder-storm coming directly from the northwest, lasting about three quarters of an hour, then passing on leaving the air clear and cool, is a rarity. Now they come from every and any point in the heavens, two from different directions at once with the wind changing every few minutes; and under such conditions they are like some people; they do not know when to take their leave, or say the last word. The most threatening looking storms are quite apt to pass us by, while those of a seemingly milder type develop into the simply terrific. To those who delight in the 'awful' the electric displays are 'grand.' Lightning of every hue, and shape. Chains, forks, arches, plaids, branches are to be seen; and if it would only come a little slower, milder and not be so uncertainly mischievous wTe should all delight in it, as we would in gazing upon man-made pyrotechnics. If this year thus far, is what we may expect during the maximum period of the sun spots, then perhaps during the eleven years, we may become used to it. But these storms are of the earth, earthy, even of the mud, muddy, and we will endeavor not to let them enter the spiritual realm, where we can always find a calm. Even the clouds there have a silver lining, and how blessed a retreat where we can enjoy together the well-earned fruits of the spirit. Into this realm, we shall always love to invite such dear friends as lately visited us from Groveland. Eldress Polly Lee and Sister Lavina Dutcher. We would that they were nearer us, when we could joy in their joy and sorrow in their sorrow in other ways besides words. Strength of body, mind, purpose and cause, lies in concentration. We are learning this lesson, but when shall we know it? Our beloved ex-ministry, Elder Daniel and Eldress Ann, are still with the living, soul and body. They are practicing their life-long lesson of active goodness, proving how long and strong that spirit can last which has always lived for other's good. This is not vacation time after all, but next month will do just as well. A. J. C. North Family. Aug. 11. 1892. In the last month we have witnessed some very magnificent electrical displays; they were awfully grand. On the afternoon of the ninth inst. one of our neighbors had his barn struck by lightning and with its contents entirely consumed. Hay harness, tools, etc. There were four persons in the barn at the time: the owner, his two sons and a hired man. The eldest of the two sons was standing in the door-way, and was killed instantly; the other three escaped unharmed. Here is another instance in proof of the danger of being in the open door-way during a thunder-storm. About two years ago the barn that stood in the same place was struck and entirely destroyed. Some twenty-five years ago this farm was owned by the North Family. Oat harvest is progressing as fast as the weather will permit. We are now engaged preparing a room at our cow-barn in which to put a separator; we have tested it in our laundry, to our entire satisfaction. Shall put a motor in the room, and drive it with water power. Are in hopes that it will somewhat reduce the dairy labor, and yield a better article of cream and butter. I trust that before we reach the next century-post, there will be a Christian people on the earth who will have learned to prepare food in far greater perfection without the products of the dairy, or henyard than is now done with them. The time was, and that within the memory of those living, when it was thought to be impractical to get along in the kitchen without the hog. Now, we look upon that as disgusting. Undoubtedly, in the not far off future there will be those who will look upon the productions of the cow and hen with greater disgust, and will exclude them from their dietary entirely. The subject is worthy the consideration of all who are striving to live according to the 'Golden Rule,' and the Law of Love. Peace on earth and good-will exercised toward all, will never be realized till the diet of the people is changed. When humanity of the past, was in Eden, fruits and grains were their portion. When Eden is restored, will it not be the same? D. O. Shakers, N. Y. Second Family. We had a few days in July that made us think the old version expressed the heat best, it seemed as if the very ground would burn up. We have finished haying and trying to get in' the oats and if it will only stop raining long enough, we shall succeed. The Sisters say, if we do not know as much as we should, we do know beans, and how to can them. We are now engaged canning string-beans for sale and home use. The Society have put up several hundred doz. cans; expect to put up several hundred more, before the season is over. We had a pleasant visit on the 18th. ult. with our good friends from Groveland, Elder Alexander Work, Eldress Polly Lee and Sr. Lavina Dutcher. We believe them to be worthy, cross-bearing souls, true followers of Christ and Mother. We have also been privileged to enjoy a visit with our dearly-loved mother, Eldress Ann. We were over-joyed to see her among us as of yore, with her even, inimitable grace of mind and person. She seemed an angel of goodness with her pleasant smile and kindly word for all. Dear precious, Eldress Ann, you know we deeply, truly love you, and it must be a comfort and consolation to you in your declining years to know how much you are loved and honored by those to whom you have always been such a wise counselor and friend. We have all shared of your love and goodness of heart, and may we be worthy children. We thank the dear Sister who wrote the beautiful tribute of love to our mother. We believe it expresses the feelings of all Zion's sons and daughters. Here is an example of practical Christianity. For what end the gospel of Jesus Christ, if not to make us more like the Divine. Let n% so live while on the earth, that we may honor our cause, be a blessing to our Brethren and Sisters, writing in their memory an epitaph, by the doing of kind deeds, for if we do not live so as to merit the blessing of the faithful and consecrated, here, we cannot expect to win it in the world to come.