BLESSINGS IN DISGUISE. A. D. Barrett. Why not keep heart in adversity as well as in prosperity? If the times are a little dark, bear in mind;'It is a long lane that has no turning.' 'God helps those who help themselves.' 'All things work together for good to those who love the Lord.' And not only love the Lord, but love our Brethren and Sisters who are one with us on the journey up the hili of life. There is no greater criterion of Christian character than a strong manifestation of love under adverse circumstances. It is very easy to be loving when everything moves smoothly and when nothing comes to ruffle the daily pathway. But the test comes when the opposite spirit presses itself upon you. Nothing but a thorough baptism into the spirit of Christ is able to meet these emergencies. 'Dislike,' says Victor Hugo, 'is always a prejudice.' This is worthy of a much wider application, for surely the great majority of all our dislikes spring from our ignorance of the objects considered and are, hence, the children of prejudice. Sometimes, we criticise our friends very harshly, and forget to be charitable, because we are ignorant of that great truth from which the gift of charity springs. If we should place ourselves in their circumstances, with their surroundings, we might err as they err. There is no disputing this truth ; that our greatest trials come from want of investigation or from looking into the motive or intention of the individual, whom we think has caused these great trials. With a second thought and a little more reasonable care we might be better able to discover where we could exercise mercy as wrell as justice. There are times when we may be spoken to harshly : or in plainer words, may be insulted. Our nature is suddenly aroused and the first impulse is to retaliate, and like beligerent spirits in time of war, we send out our long guns and the battle has commenced. Shall we be able to stop before the powder and shot are all exhausted? As foolish as were the two Knights before the shield. Passion is a monster ! In it we break our union, and repentance only can bring a restoration. We have heard this condition compared to the growing of the willow by the side of the highway. While it was young it could easily be protected, even during a tempest, but after several years of growth, it so obstructed the daily travel that it was forced to be removed. So much for a story. Let us prove ourselves to be faithful soldiers of Christ, by having a good supply of self-control, dictated by good common sense, and then in times of trial we may be able to meet them in the spirit of our divine Teacher. Among good Believers a cheerful, loving spirit, breathes forth at every step and gives courage to the weak, and added strength to the strong. Let us cultivate that spirit which makes a cheerful home, and form the habit of looking on the sunny side of life. We want the inspiration of gladness that comes from God, that pleasantly and peacefully assists us on our heavenward journey. Ayer, Mass.