Books and Papers The Phrenological The Phrenological.A sketch of some features of the Columbian Exposition in the August number of the I'hkknoldi.k al Jouknal includes a portrait of Columbus and the supposed place of his birth in Genoa. A notable article, entitled 'Mental Causes and Physical Effects,' follows. It is a powerful .appeal to society for the higher moral culture. Mr. Luther C. Bateman, a talented lecturer of Maine, is given a place among the short biographies, and evidently deserves the notice he gets. 'What Phrenology did for one poor boy' appears to be a personal narrative of the writer. 'Vacation Time Suggestions,' Our Children's Deformities from Dress and Improper Education. A Barbaric Fashion makes 'Child Culture' piquant and serviceable. Of the brief contributions to phrenological biography. Alexander Campbell, the Distinguished founder of the Church of the Disciples forms the larger part. The old style portrait gives him Roman sturdiness in face and pose. The Health department is specially full of practical information. What is Vitality? The Hygienic Treatment of Piles (worth a hundred dollars itself to any sufferer from these torments), Some Summer Talk, and Sponging out a Headache are gems. The scientific reader will enjoy the Anthropological Notes, we are certain! and the Editor's pithy comments on very relevant topics. Price 15c, or $1.50 a year; offered 'on trial' six months for only 50c. Address Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 25 East Twenty-first street, New York. THE WORLD'S COLUMBIAN EXPOSITION ILLUSTRATED THE WORLD'S COLUMBIAN EXPOSITION ILLUSTRATED FOR AUGUST. At the first glance of this number one is strongly impressed with its great worth and beauty. A mong its literary featuresVe notice several well written articles of unusual interest. Among these we mention: 'Born of Patriotism,' in which the advantages to each country participating in the Exposition are forcibly presented, and the loss to any country failing to take part in 'this grand' opportunity to improve its conditions' is well told. There is an article 'Sunday Opening,' cogent with arguments for the affirmative side of the question. But especially interesting is the article 'A visit to the World's Columbian Exposition.' In about two columns is embodied a description of the entire Exposition as it will appear when thrown open to the world, and from it can be gained a more perfect understanding of the scope, grandeur and worth of this 'great interchange of practical thought' than could be had by reading volume after volume of the disconnected accounts appearing in the daily press. Among the artistic features we notice a full page engraving of II. N. Higinbotbam, first vice-president of the board of directors, and several full-page engravings of statuary, including five of the eight groups that will adorn the Administration building, viz : statues representing 'Art,' 'Blacksmith,' 'Abundance,' 'Commerce' and 'Tradition.' Great praise must be given the publisher for the execution of the engravings of these beautiful works of art. But one is struck with the large space given to the account of the National Catholic Educational Exhibit, and to the biographies and the portraits of its principal promoters. But this is easily understood when we recall the fact that Christopher Columbus was himself a Catholic, and that the good king and queen, Ferdinand and Isabella, who assisted him in making the voyage of discovery, thereby rendering it possible for a Columbian Exposition, were also devout Catholics. There is a fullpage engraving of his Holiness, Pope Leo xiii., and two letters, one to Mrs. Potter Palmer and the other an autograph letter to Commissioner Bryan, published by his consent, and accompanied by English translations. There is a full-page engraving of his Eminence, Cardinal Gibbons, large engravings of all the American, archbishops, of Bishop Spaulding, president of the National Catholic Educational Exhibit, and Rev. Maurelian, secretary and manager. Each is accompanied by a brief yet complete biographical sketch by the versatile pen of Rev. Maurelian, secretary and Manager of the Catholic Educational Exhibit. The generous space given to the promoters of this great enterprise is a fitting compliment to the great Catholic Church, and its faithful workers everywhere. Although this number is a worthy successor to the seventeen illustrious numbers hereto, fore published. When completed they willin the language of Vice-President Gage of the Exposition, 'furnish a most valuable history of that event,' or in the language of Benjamin Butterworth, ex-secretary and solicitor general and director of the Exposition, 'prove very valuable as the years go by.' The publishers announce their 'Special Great Offer' which includes all copies from July, 1892, to January, 1893, ten in all, for only $1.50. This is about half-price. Single copies 25 cents. There will be 60 copies from first to last, subscription price, $12.00. Early in the Fall it will be published semi-monthly and during the Exposition, weekly. In September this great work will be issued simultaneously in English, German, French and Spanish. J. B. Campbell, Publisher. 159 &amp; 161 Adams St., Chicago, 111., U. S. A. Evangeline A PRETTY SURPRISE. A beautifully illustrated and charmingly bound edition of Longfellow's 'Evangeline,' the most popular long poem ever published by an American author, and one of the most famous poems in the language, just published, is a pretty surprise for tbook-lovers. It is in large type, numerous and excellent illustrations, very fine and heavy paper, gilt edges, remarkably handsome cloth binding, with gilt title and ornaments. No illustrated edition has ever before been published at less cost than $1.50, and that is about what you might 'guess' the price of this to be, but it isn'tit is only 1 cents! plus 6 cents for postage, if by mail. This covers only about the actual cost of manufacture by the 100,000, the publisher's Object being, not profit but to show the book-loving millions what he can do. His publications are not sold by dealers, but only direct; catalogue, over 100-pages, a literary curiosity in its way, is sent for a 2-ct. stamp. Every home in the landoughtto have a copy of this Evangeline, so charmingly beautiful, as a poem, as a collection of artistic illustrations, and as a product of the book-making art. Address, John B. Alden, Publisher, 57 Rose St., N. Y. New England Magazine Joseph Kirkland writes in the New England Magazine by far the best account of the great Chicago Fire that has found its way into print. He gives a straight, connected story of the progress of the fire, like a good newspaper man who knows how to group his facts into a telling, vivid and consecutive story. The article is fully illustrated from photographs furnished by Major Kirkland's Western publishers, who possess the best collection of the kind in the country.