THE DISPENSATIONS. William Leonard. The idea of four dispensations, is as old as our existence as a Church. And these four epochs had each their own heaven and hell. Then, as now, obedience to God's lawr produced the state of righteousness, and acceptance, that the IShakers call and know to be heaven ; disobedience produced the unrighteous, unaccepted, and condemned state, that the counterfeit professor with true faith, knows and feels to be hell. The spirit must be ruled by the higher powers to stand right, and the body must be ruled by laws that correspond with the natural elements, of which it is composed to stand right. Hence, we find, beginning with Adam, both were to be regulated by God's laws, which were the first heaven and earth laws, ever given to man. The first was to teach him what to eat; 'And God said, behold I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree in which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed, to you it shall be for meat.' The green herb was for the cattle, but every herb seeding seed, was for man. Here was, evidently, a plain vegetable diet, laid out for the earthly body of man, and under the first covenant, when man stood in his rectitude. This seems to have been Adam's first kw, to regulate his appetites. Then comes the second.Gen., ii, 16, 18. 'Of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it, for in the day that thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die.' To simplify it; this was the first earth, that should have been the solid foundation, for the patriarchal fathers to have stood on, with all attached to them, till the call of Abraham. This was his earth. His heaven would have been in the keeping of God's laws. Simple vegetables regulated by law was intended for his use. This would make pure blood and shut out all disease. It would have kept his mind on his God, and his duty. When the second Covenant was made with Noah, he stood at the head of the race. The covenant to regulate eating, shows a depraved state of the appetites which men had fallen into. Gen., ix, 14. 'Every moving thing that liveth, shall be meat for you, even as the green herb, have I given you all things. But flesh with the life thereof which is the blood thereof, shall ye not eat.' This is what one would call getting pretty well down from God's original law. Some like a man starting with harmless appetites first tasting spirit, then tippling, then drinking, then staggering, then falling to the ground. Certainly no good spirit wrould have invited man into this depraved condition. It was a step backward, for him to be eating wild animals, reptiles and creeping things, and every thing in earth, ocean, and air, which was afterwards cut off by the law. They evidently ate all these things in the blood, or it would not have been so positively forbidden. In the second Dispensation, Moses gave an earth law, to regulate the Jews. It lifted all the descendants of Abraham, w^hile they wTalked in obedience, from the lawless, diseased state into winch the old Gentile would have fallen. Again they were placed in a high state of rectitude and health, compared with all others. When the Jews came out of Egypt, they were lawless in their habits of eating and were afflicted with the diseases of the Egyptians. They passed forty years in the wilderness under forced abstinence and temperance laws Those who entered Canaan did so with greatly subdued appetites, and a higher degree of health, than their fathers ever enjoyed. Among this people, the great spirit by his agents, established a second earth and heaven order. Isaiah alludes to this when he says, Isa., xxxiv, 4. 'And all the host of heaven shall be dissolved, and shall be rolled together as a scroll.' Again, Isa., lv, 17. 'Behold I create new heavens and a new earth, and the former shall not be remembered.' This was the most remarkable earth order, ever established in any nation. It laid out their lands in a sort of community, and no involvement of ancestors, could deprive heirs of their inheritance, but for a short period. No inheritance was allowed to exceed twenty acres. Their washings, cleansings, and sin offerings, were intended to show up plainly the offence in Eden. The law stated what animals, fish and birds might be eaten and indeed the parts to be saved and the parts to be rejected. It regulated in a great measure, the preparing of bread, vegetables and garments. It taught under what circumstances to engage in wTar; how to till the soil, to labor ; to deal justly, and even how long a journey one might take on the Jewish Sabbath. In their rudimental heaven order, they were strictly required to believe iu the word of God through inspired Mediators', and to receive no revelation one side of Levitical and prophetic leaders, who ruled for God at the Jewish altar. They were to rest in faith on the promises of God. In the third dispensation, Jesus again established and taught, a heaven order and an earth order. He fulfilled or kept the law of Moses and made it honorable; as men fulfill the laws of temperance, by total abstinence, so Jesus kept certain requirements under the law. He lived a virgin life. With the disciples, Jesus established the first Christian United Inheritance ; thus he kept the Jewish law on property, by superceding the necessity of such a law. By non-resistance, he rose above the defense of human rights by wars of resistance. By simple language, yea, and nay, he left beneath all oaths and vows to be fulfilled at the Jewish altar. In this new life he rose into a heavenly element that Moses never knew; and bound this life upon his Jewish, Christian followers at Jerusalem. This new life gave them higher, holier power. It gave them a more spiritual, refined, consistant inspiration. This was their- heaven, but it rested on an earthly order like the two former epochs. The primitive Christians, had not only to keep the spirits in order, but they had living earth forms also to keep in order. The law that ruled their bodies to keep them in health, must correspond to their spiritual condition. Jesus says,'Think not that I have come to destroy the law, (of Moses) I came not to destroy, but to fulfill.'Matt., v. 17-20. 'Whosoever, (among Christians,) shall break one of the least of these commandments, and shall teach men so, shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven. But whosoever shall do and teach them shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven.' The Jewish priests, Scribes and Pharisees, to favor their own sensuality, intemperance and voluptuousness, had misinterpreted and altered the punctuation of the law, and by being false guides, had plunged the Jews into darkness by teaching for law, what was never written by Moses. Jesus took it honestly, in its original form, just as it was given to Moses; kept it himself, and then bound it upon his disciples to keep it. He warned them in the above Scripture not to do as Jewish teachers had done. If they did as he enjoined, they would stand highly honored ; if they did not they would stand disgraced in his heavenly kingdom. Did not the primitive Christians require law to regulate them in what to eat and drink, and how to prepare it to insure health of body as much as did the Jews ? Did they not need instruction what to wear, and how to make it? Did they not need teachingrespecting property, how to use it and divide it, even if they took higher property ground? Most certainly, and to Moses was given laws to regulate all these matters. In our light and life spiritually, we understand the original spirit life of Jesus, and by the above plain requirements as recorded by Matthew, we may understand the earth laws which the primitive Church lived under, that brought their bodies into harmony with the laws of nature. Here they obtained power to stand up in health of body, and justification of spirit. How beautifully this opens to view the power that Jesus stood in, as a preacher of righteousness, and the first Christian healing medium. His whole salvation and power in the outward and inner man, was derived by living to the physiological law, and the selfrestraint of the gospel. By earth law given of God, he mastered every appetite of the animal man, and stood firmly, a perfect model of health. By gospel light, he ruled down all affections and lusts of body and mind. What a medium and leader is presented to us. How gloriously he fought his way to lay a permanent foundation for the heaven and earth of the third dispensation. Jesus stood free from infirmities and the physical sins that engendered them. The spirit of Christ could dwell in a law-abiding body and spirit, and could use him as a medium to raise others to the state in which he stood. The primitive Church at Jerusalem, in their united order of interest and spirit power, stood far ahead of anything that ever existed under the order of Moses. Then property and earthly blessings were one wide step nearer to the outward order of the Church of the latter day. All the leading apostles and elders were like their Lord, healers of the sick. They ministered what they lived for, a physical and spiritual salvation. Sick Christians were not very desirable company in that Church. If a member had committed a physical sin and was taken sick, it was a sacred matter to get him healed. 'Is any sick among you, let him c-all for the Elders of the Church, and let them pray over him, and the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up.' James, v., 1416. 'Confess your faults one to another and pray one for another that ye may be healed.' They seemed to have obtained their gifts of healing in the manner spoken of, and then must keep healed by living in harmony with God's laws. Paul who was called to take his station as first Minister to the Gentiles, whatever his advantages by healthy, orderly parents, had from his infant days been a rigid observer of moral and physiological law under Moses. Of himself he says, 'My manner of life from my youth which was at first among my own nation at Jerusalem, know all the Jews which knew me from the beginning, that after the straightest sect of our religion I lived a Pharisee.'Acts, xxvi., 45. Paul declares, that from his earliest years, he was so strict to live to moral and physiological law, that this regular and abstemious life was publicly known to many of the Jews. Undoubtedly, there were those within the sound of his voice that knew it, and when striving to reclaim the Gentiles from eating and drinking unhealthy and unhallowed things, he could present himself as their pattern, by declaring, 'Touching the righteousness of the law, I was blameless.'Phil, iii., 6. We certainly have the foundation principles of a new heavenly order and a new earthly order, but in both do we not need to progress a few steps? We certainly do spiritually, and howr is it physically ? Are we yet up to the manifests laid down by our Lord, that were to rule the primitive Church ? Has the beautiful earth order or a newer one been revealed to us yet? Jesus declared that till heaven and earth pass, those simple requirements pertaining to diet, and all the rules of physiological life would stand as God's law to Christians. In the first earth order diet was first laid out for man. In the second earth order, I conclude that the Jews in the wilderness thought that their diet was to be regulated first. In the third earth order beginning under John the Baptist, it seems clear that it wras so there. But we are Gentiles by birth, Gentiles in living, and the gospel so found us and has dealt with us as Gentiles. The judgment order came to us first, the earth consecration next, and our health regulations are yet to come. Here again is something new, and it seems quite consistent. The great Spirit works with us like a good and skillful Architect. Do we so live that wTe may stand as a pattern of health to the nations ? We shall all be likely to conclude not. But many begin to feel that in the next general opening or out-pouring of the spirit in Zion, laws to govern appetites rule bodies more consistently, and set apart the very food and show the way to prepare it to produce health, will be revealed in order. We need new rules to regulate our outer life and to have them regarded strictly, to raise us up into a glorious physical resurrection. This would sweep awray a host of disorders, unnecessary labors, needless expense, murmurings, intemperance, relieve many sufferers, give us clean conceptions of holy things, bring us into closer connections with the heavens, and let in a flood of light and power, at which this Church will yet be astonished. We should as a people or as individuals, shake off many indulgences, and be preparing ourselves, by living to our present light, physiologically ; as our physical condition as a people, imperatively demands it. Do, or did we ever come up to the primitive Church as healing mediums ? Historians say that powrer remained with them for a long course of years, and continued in a greater or less degree among the witnesses. Did we ever hold it as a permanent profession, as did our Lord and Teacher and the early Christians? As a body it seems to me that we are just such mediums, as spirits do not want to use for the purpose, and could not successfully use, if they wanted us. We do not know how to live to produce true physical health in ourselves, and how can we administer what wre have not received? Can we instruct individuals how to live to keep healed, after they were healed by good spirits ? I think not. As the Lord liveth, and as the gospel will increase, new rays of light or physical life will break upon us, inspiring our spirits and reviving health, then the inhabitants of Zion will not say I am sick Harvard, Mass.