SHAKERISM. Alonzo G. Hollister. Under this caption in a paper of the far West, are remarks which seem to ask for a reply. Dr. Allyn says, 'If the object of a Shaker life is to provide a comfortable home for those who are physiologically disqualified to become parents of healthy children, it seems to be a sensible one. But writers do not announce this as the object.' Of course not, because that would not be true. And is that the only sensible object a stranger can see in a Shaker life, or is it merely thrown out as a feeler to invite discussion ? If said object were sufficient inducement to live the Shaker life, I doubt not but there would now be from five to ten thousand Shakers for every one existing.. It is questionable if such a motive would have sufficient cohesive attraction to hold ^ a community of working people together in the present state of human evolution. The object of a Shaker life, is purely religious and spiritual. It is not in any sense an appendage nor supplement to the social life of the world, but is an advance step in evolution and spiritual growth, both as it regards the individual and his associations. They look upon the passional life of the world, and upon the relations growing out of marriage as rudimental and transitory, and as being detrimental to the true interest and happiness of a large class of individuals, even in its most prosperous state. They view the higher mental and spiritual planes of existence,which all animal and partial affections, all earthly and selfish desires, all physical methods of propagation and their attendant delights are utterly debarred from entering,as open prizes offered to all who will voluntarily sacrifice the lower and transitory, in conformity with the laws of the higher and permanent. We say it requires the best manhood and womanhood, the morally developed and clearest sighted, the pure intentioned, strong-willed, firm in purpose and long enduring, self-abnegating and level-headed men and women to fill the ideal of a Shaker life and make it a success. With wise and competent leaders, of unbending rectitude and integrity of purpose, for teachers and guides, some persons of inferior character but morally inclined, can be made over into new creatures, providing there is willingness in the subject to co-operate and be formed anew after the pattern of the ideal set forth by the leaders. The Shaker system is yet in its infancy, and can not in its present stage of growth become a lying-in hospital for incurables ; nor a nursery for those imperfectly organized, who need the constant supervising care of such as imprudently gave them defective organizations. Neither at present, is it an asylum for those who have consumed to a stump their mental and physical energies in the dissipation of carnal pleasure. Not from any unwillingness to aid the unfortunate, but because k would be taking the burden from where it justly belongs, to work its own cure, to where it would be too heavy to bear, nor remedy its cause. If 'writers tell how much literature they have in their libraries, how comfortable they are, their dietetic habits and how they elect their leaders,' it is because there is request for that kind of information. The object of Shaker life is selfconquest ; salvation from all wrong doing, from selfishness, to be utterly rid of the carnal life and will, through a perfect moral, intellectual and spiritual obedience to the commandments of God, as taught by Christ Jesus and his messengers, and approved by rational understanding. It is to die to the corrupt, fluctuating, passionate, conflicting, mutating and transient, pleasure seeking animal life of the world, that we may be resurrected and created anew in the pure, perfect, heavenly and eternal life of the angelic societies, whose greatest delight is in serving, and ministering to the happiness of others. 'We believe this course of life produces the highest order of spiritual teachers and ministers of righteousness, harmony and healing, who diffuse the light of the only true and endless life upon all the children of men that are prepared to profit thereby. It can be demonstrated by facts, and by philosophic reasoning, and is co-attested by esoteric Buddhism, by thaumaturgists, and by prophetic seers of the best moral character, that the highest spiritual attainments can be acquired only by virgin chastity and continence, and the total crucifixion of the passions and appetites of the carnal mind. Physical trainers demonstrate that continence and subjugation of appetite and passion to the rule of reason, are necessary to the best health and efficiency even of the body. Shaker life enables many to do this who do not possess more than ordinary natural talent, but whose dominant desire is to live a sinless life, in accord with their purest ideal, approved by a couscience which will not acquit till their best is done. Whoever feels that the perpetuation of the species is a moral duty incumbent on him or her, should seek a partner of like opinion, and discharge that obligation to the best of his abilitj, never infringing on the right of offspring to be well born and wisely educated. Shakers being called out from the world for a specific purpose, by the Intelligence which is supposed to have created the world and ordained the laws by which it should for a time be peopled, consider themselves released from that obligation, if such it be, both by their call, and by assuming higher obligations, if they have not previously taken part in that business. If it be argued that propagation is a universal law, we reply that some of its forms and methods are not universal, and as before stated, that physical passions and methods are totally excluded from the higher mental and spiritual planes of life. It will be readily comprehended from the foregoing premises, that any who are satisfied with themselves and the world as they are by their natural birth; who wish not to forsake worldly ways and relationships, nor to change their natural dispositions, unless they be somewhat superior to the average moral btandard of the world, would not make congruous and acceptable members of a Christian or Shaker Community. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.