Dearly Beloved Br. Cyrus:--We have received the document you sent... Mount Lebanon, July 4, 1892. Dearly Beloved Br. Cyrus :We have received the document you sent by the sisters requesting our endorsement, and the ordination of Annie G. Ordway as an Eldress in the community which you are forming. This will make Cyrus and Annie the Leaders and Elders of the New Order. A nursing father and a nursing mother to those who will confess and forsake all their sins that come to their remembrance. 'I take to witness the grace of the people for to come, (said a prophet) for they shall call their sins to remembrance and acknowledge them.' I did stand in some little doubt, not as to whether you had received a call of the Spirit to gather a prepared people upon the foundation of the testimony of Christ's Second Appearing in the female order of humanity, but as to the use you would make of it: Jesus said, 'all who came before me were thieves and robbers,' by which expression, we understand that from Moses to John the Baptist, than whom a greater prophet had not arisen, all had more or less taken the gift of the spirit to make of themselves some 'great one,' building up themselves as did Moses. 'Shall I bring water out of this rock for you, ye rebels ?' Even Jesus after his temple exercise, remembered the Scripture, 'the zeal of thy house hath eaten me up' (as a Christian) eaten up his Christianity, as for the time being he was under the inspiration of the God of Israel, the God of the temple. The Christ spirit reproved and convicted him and he learned obedience by what he suffered. Then the disciples asked him to call fire down from heaven to kill the villagers $ who refused to receive them, as had done Elias; he replied: 'the Son of man hath not come to destroy men's lives, as the Jews destroyed the Canaanites and as Elias killed a company, but to save their souls from the sensuality and lust which produce all murders and all wars. The wonderful document you have sent for us to sign, clears up the little doubt and plainly shows you as a Christian and that it is not your intention to 'set up a post by God's post' and to build up yourself with, the spiritual truths revealed to open the second degree of the seven that will constitute the full testimony of Christ's Second Appearing. Each degree will have its own peculiar testimony against certain forms of evilits thunder. In this way will the man of sin be revealed, and the sins of Babylon set forth singly and its opposite virtue declared. Sexual sensuality will be removed by sexual celibacy and purity. The physical resurrection will be displaced by the rising, as did Jesus, while still in the body, up into the Christ life far above generation in its purest form of simple procreation as practiced by a line of preternatural births in prophets and prophetesses, under the law of Moses, which did not make the Comers thereunto perfect. Competitive private property will yield to 'all things in common;' and land monopoly to 'no right to land only in usufruct.' These things the Shakers have preached and practiced for the last one hundred years ; and now as a progressive people- ask 'what lack I yet ?' Why are we apparently so stationary? The Koreshans are opening the second degree of the seven; they, if faithful, will add thereunto vegetarianism, abstinence from eating flesh-meat of any kind, sheep, kine, fowl, fish, hogs. Land limitation, recognizing the fact that a community has no more right to land-monopoly than has an individual. As Jefferson said : 'No man has right to land only in usufruct.' Entire abstinence from alcoholic drink's from brandy to cider; from shaving; from coffee, tea, opium; from all poisonous medicines and from bleeding; from tobacco. And they will hold work as religious worship. 'At the first, Wisdom, revealed in the Motherhood of God, leadeth her children by crooked paths and brings fear and dread upon them, torments them by her laws until she can trust their souls, then she returns the straight way unto them, comforts and shows them her secrets.' A spiritually prepared people in the world will begin with the Second Cycle. ' 'Gather my saints together, those who have made a covenant with me by sacrifice.' They will come from the west, east, north and south for the gospel testimony as held by Believers and will receive the kingdom as little children. They need not come, all, physically to Mount Lebanon any more than all creation will go to Judea, to Jerusalem, to this temple, 'this mountain' to worship. God is spirit, and those who worship him in spirit and truth can do it in any part of the earth as well as on this Mount Lebanon. The Shaker Communities began poor, suffered persecution. When they prospered they bought all the land that joined them to the extent of their means, supposing they were thus redeeming the earth. As they monopolized land they cultivated it by hired world's men, also many began to gather from lower motivesthe loaves and fishes; people who wanted a home ; widows and widowers with their children. As these children by hundreds became men and women they married, having more or less condemnation for casting off their faith of celibacy according as they had received. They went out from amongst us because they were not of us. Thus Shaker Societies have become eleemosynary institutionspoor-houses in a degree, and we are land poor. But a great work has been done and is progressing rapidly. The spirit world is helping. We want Koresh to adopt and to be in the power of the first cycle and in the increase of the second cycle ; want his people to be as much better than that in the old Societies of Shakers as they can attain unto. There is no law against truth, goodness, godliness. In the gospel travel, the first may be last and the last first. Who shall be the least, not who shall be the greatest, is our aim, our labor. And we shall pray that you, dear people, may clean escape all the evils, corruptions and abominations of the world inherent in your own natures, the products of fleshly lusts that war against the soul. The kingdom shall not be given to another people, but of its increase to order and establish it in judgment there shall be no end. Frederick W. Evans.