Dear Sister in Christ:--Being the guardian of Br. A's... Pacific Grove, Aug. 24, 1892. Dear Sister isr Christ:Being the guardian of Br. A's little family, I had the pleasure of reading C's letter. He was delighted that one so far away should be so thoughtful to write him such a sweet letter. He intends answering soon. May you accept my appreciation and gratitude for Christian love and interest so sweetly manifested toward the family, and the dear Lord reward your kind effort. For some time past, I have heard and read considerable of my friends in the East. I love them dearly already, believing them to be the true followers of our blessed Master. I have long wanted to open a correspondence with some dear one among you, yourself being the first I have heard directly from, I take it to be the leading of the spirit and deem it my sweet privilege to take advantage of the opportunity thus offered to become acquainted with one or more of your Society. Your letter was a most needful one to our little folks, as they are just entering the Christian life, having been among unbelievers all the time until in the past two years. A lone parent, especially a father, can do very little towards Christian education and training of children, when situated in the midst of an unbelieving community. As natural children, they love their father dearly, but dimly understand spiritual love. I bless God, their minds and hearts are being awakened to divine truth. Nature is beautiful all about, filling us with inspiration of joy and freedom in the Lord. It is here in our home, we are taking up the practice of reading and appropriating to ourselves the truth as we find it explained in the 'Millennial Church.' The Lord sweetly blesses us through this means. Since reading the lives of the United Believers, I could long to be with you. The Lord willing, I may sometime have the opportunity of visiting your pretty home. In the meantime, I ask the prayers of the beloved, that I may be endowed with more of the Holy Spirit to do the blessed will of our heavenly Father, in all things. Our little family join me in sincere love to you and all our dear friends. Yours in the love of truth. O- - - -