NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. August. Thermometer. Bain. 1891. 69.15 3. 13-16in. 1892. 66.1 5in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 90. Lowest ' ' ' ' 52. Total Rainfall ' ' ' Sin. Number of rainy days ' ' 10 C. G. E. North Family. Sept. 1892. Another month has rolled around, bringing its varied scenes and changes, both external and internal. On the Sunday of Aug. 21st. we had the most notable gathering at our meeting-house that has been for over thirty years. The importance and significance of the chief feature of that meeting, viz. the uniting of the virgin celibate body of Koreshans and Believers, will be understood and appreciated more in the future than it is at present. This is one of the internal scenes that will more and more portray and convey the truth of the everlasting gospel, that will save and regenerate a corrupt fallen world; which gospel we are called to live, and to minister wherever we go. On the 8th. inst. we had a little external scene which was very interesting, and presented an object lesson that will claim our attention for at least one year. A company of twelve Brethren and Sisters took a little outing; not for worldly pleasure or to get food to feed a carnal nature, but for a change of scenery, and to gather good and minister the gospel, by shedding a saving influence on all whom we met. To this end our very thoughtful and progressive Eldress Anna gathered quite a large selection of Shaker literature for us to distribute. The course laid out for us to travel was a trip down the Hudson, from Albany to Poughkeepsie on the day boat. We left home at 5-15 a. m. riding six miles to Canaan depot in order to reach Albany in time for the boat. In Albany we had time to purchase some fruit, which, with the crackers &amp;c. that we had with us, and the addition of some ice cream, hot water, &amp;c. which we got on board, we had a meal of which angels could partake, without having their finer senses shocked, or their consciences wounded by reason of violating the sixth commandment. The day was lovely; and when all were nicely situated on board, we arranged our tracts in order, preparatory for distribution. Some there were who would not look at our ideas or accept our offers; others (a few only) were very much interested, and partially converted. Who can tell where the seed will spring up, sown on the waters of the Hudson on the notable 8th. of September. I esteem it a very great privilege to be in company with those who not only have on the external garb of a Shaker, and are not ashamed of it, but who also possess the spirit of the true disciple and are bold to maintain and defend the living faith of the gospel. On our return we made a short tarry in the city of Hudson. Here we had presented, both to our external and internal perception, an object lesson well calculated to kindle the fires of gospel zeal to the consuming point. In a short (five minutes) walk, we counted fifteen saloons; and children, very numerous, besmeared with dirt, in ragged clothes, and in a continual baptism of vicious influences emanating from their surroundings. A large number followed us, giving vent to the pent-up forces of ignorance and vice by inharmonious sounds, gestures and grimaces till we were seated in the car. Here they congregated, some playing, others staring, and all portraying in their countenances more or less of the unholy conditions under which they were brought into existence. It was proposed to sing: so we sang 'Christian Love.' This caused a halt, and intuitively the evil began to disappear and the angel of good peeped out. We opened more windows and sang: 'Weary not, O Christian Pilgrim.' ' This opened their little hearts and Sister Martha spoke a few words in her loving winsome manner, when' the car started and we said good bye. They responded in united chorus,good bye. AVho could witness such a scene, having the living faith ot Christ's and Mother's gospel, and not have their zeal renewed to greater efforts to disseminate the saving power of God's love, and work and never tire of building up the kingdom of heaven on the earth. Should we not in all our journeyings, and especially in our business relations and transactions, carry therewith, and into, the religion of Mother's gospel? Every thing we put our hands or hearts to do should be imbued with truth, honesty and righteousness according to the exceeding standard of our great and glorious cause. The Sept. Manifesto is an exceedingly interesting one. Glad the music was counted worthy of repetition, though we would rather have seen a new piece. D. O.