H. S. R.--San Francisco, Cal. Dear Friend, Neighbor, Brother... East Canterbury, N. H. Aug. 1892. H. S. R.San Francisco, Cal. Dear Friend, Neighbor, Brother : Your letter of the 7th. inst., to Elder Henry Blinn gives me the opportunity to write 37ou a line; a line, first of all of congratulation on your commencement,a four-year commencement of trying to become a better man, and your hitherto successful journey is an admitted advance upon what you regard as the ordinary, church-going, Christian sinner. The exposition of practical Christianity contained in our pamphlets that you obtained from Br. D., and to which you allude as having given you general satisfaction, is quite a correct index of the character of the daily lives of our people. As requested in your letter, we will all gladly unite in taking both you and yours, lovingly and tenderly into our prayers to God for your full salvation. That all the missteps of life can be fully recovered is in no case impossible, else, hope would become engulfed in the whirlpool of despair. We live in the sober days of soul evolution, that bring us away from the theories of religion, to religion itself, for Theology, however finely spun out by learned Doctors of Divinity is not religion. True religion brings us to, and keeps us writhin, the pale of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the gospel of the New Testament. In these sacred chronicles, we find that every thing that is asserted of him, is also asserted, in one form or another of his disciples, and in an equal degree, of all true Christians. Does Jesus claim that he is one with the Father ? He also prays that his disciples may be one with him and with God. In his high and perfect life there was admittedly no room for evil thoughts or unworthy motives, and we are led to think of him as the one sinless soul. In the gospel, he turns to his disciples,and to us and with perfect confidence says, 'Be ye perfect, even as your Father in heaven is perfect.' The divinity of Christ was a quality of the soul, not a supernatural power with which he is said by some to be endowed as the second person in the Trinity. His divinity was a divinity of character, the true divinity to which the humblest of his faithful followers may attain. If Jesus could be pure in heart, resist temptation, suffer unjustly without complaint, lay down his life for the truth, and all this in the character of an example to his followers, the revelation of the gospel is the inspiring truth that God is incarnate in every human soul, the true 'light that lighteth every man that cometh into the wrorld,' and it is the duty of us all, alike, to accept this light for the guidance of our lives, and so become participators of the Second Coming of Jesus Christ. That he knew full well, a few only would receive his sayings, and that lie left it to their own option to choose or refuse them, is evident in the saying : ' 'He that is able to receive it, let him receive it.' The fact remains that both he and his disciples denied themselves of all the carnal w'orks of the flesh. They were neither married nor were given in marriage, and they lived a communal life, 'having all things in common, none saying that aught of the things which he possessed were his own.' This gospel that was not a matter of compulsion, but of free choice, meant something. To every self-denying soul, 'that had left house, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands' for its sake, it meant that he shall receive 'an hundred fold now in this time, houses, and brethren and sisters, and mothers, and children and lands, with persecution, and in the world to come eternal life.' In sundry times and divers manners, God has raised up witnesses to effect his purposes. The Quakers were faithful, although they did not bear the full gospel testimony concerning the root of human depravity. The French prophets of both sexes in 1688, numbering about six hundred, gave themselves out to be inspired by the Holy Ghost, receiving the spirit and testimony of the highest truth; their sayings being heard with reverent attention and awe. In 1706 three or four of them came to England, bringing with them their prophetic spirit, and before that year closed, this small number had been increased to as many hundred of both sexes in and about London. Their prophetic inspiration was so active that they foretold the near approach of the kingdom of the Messiah, the grand jubilee, the new heavens and the new earth, by the delivery of about five hundred prophetic warnings, and that these things were on the very eve of realization. A small body of people, who had been baptized into the divine spirit, formed themselves into a Society in 1747, and eleven years afterward, Ann Lee, accepted their testimony, being baptized with them into the same inspiration. She received a deeper revelation of the divine Presence which the little Society accepted as light from God. This spirit and testimony of higher truth has never since been wanting, although not confined to any particular sect of people. Many earnest souls who looked for the Second Coming of Christ have received this spirit, by whatever name they have been known among men. Let me apply this brief history of truth's dawning light. Although the foundation of the human race in the old creation is one man, it is not one man alone. The man is not without the woman, nor the woman without the man. In like manner is the foundation of the new creation. Jesus Christ in his single manhood could not in the nature, the relation and order of things, be alone. In the primitive Church, woman had no place. She was not permitted either to speak or to teach. Her time had not yet come. The first appearance of Christthe 'Christ of the Ages,'was in the man. He was alone. 'He trod the wine-press alone.' To render redemption complete, the scheme of redemption must reach fully to woman, the seat where sin first appeared. The Second Appearance of Christ,the 'Christ of the Ages,'in the very nature, the relation, the order of things should be in the woman. The spirit and power which created man, inspired the prophets, that dwelt in Jesus, that was given to the Apostles, and which was prophetically spoken of as a woman travailing with child, was revealed' in a woman,a woman anointed of God to reveal the mystery of iniquity, and to finish the work of man's final redemption. History finds her nowhere else than in the hnmble instrument, Ann Lee, who, by her travail of soul, suffering and obedience, became the first-born of many Sisters in the new creation. The existence of woman as an entity in the world, has, outside this church, never yet been acknowledged. True, her rights have been and are canvassed, and a few of them tardily accorded, but the franchise of life is a masculine franchise, and that alone. The only recognition of woman is, that she is given in marriage, the evil eye of lust superadding the licensed freedom of marriage, amplification, divorce-wedlock. Outside this universally charmed circle, she becomes but a useless chattel. But the clarion voice of the gospel is heard echoing the voice of the first creation, 'It is not good that the man be alone, I will make him a helpmeet for him,' the voice however adding with gospel emphasis, 'in the regeneration, they neither marry nor are given in marriage.' Lust is swallowed up in victory, paradise is regained, and love, pure as the heavens triumphs over every fleshly foe. See'st thou, dear Brother, in all this the Millennium's pure light, the latter day's glory, shining upon thy pathway, beckoning thee to walk therein? If so, I think you will have arrived at the answer to your query as to the 'position that Ann Lee occupies in the Society, and the idea of a Mother spirit.' 'Sooner or later each hidden deed, Wrought in a darkness where none can read. But leaving its track on the wings of Time, Shall stand confessed, for a light sublime, Will arise at last when the night is done, And truth shall shine as another sun.' Your Brother, Thomas Evans.