Books and Papers. The Ladies' Home Journal Mr. Howells intends spending Ms summer in a quiet nook in New England, devoting a large portion of his time to the writing of his novel of American girl-life, to be published in the Autumn in The Ladies1 Horn'. Journal. New England Magazine Edwin D. Mead, the eminent publicist and lecturer, discusses the recent Homestead disturbances with fearless vigor and candor in the September New England Magazine. He deals with Homestead and the press, the pulpit and the politicians, and comes to the conclusion that it will be a bad day for the American Republic if the masses of working men ever come to believe that the State stands behind our millionaire barons, ready to crush those whom they would crush into obedience. It is an article that all real thinkers, especially among wage-earners, will read with interest. The Anti-Infidel Library Through the kindness of H. L. Hastings of Boston, Mass., we have received several pamphlets of 'The Anti-Infidel Library' on modern spiritualism, by YVm. TJamsoy. TheBooks :ire very interesting and instructive anil would be a valuable acquisition in the hands of either a Christian or an Infidel. To follow after all the spiritual manifestations of this age, with the idea of securing a profitable prize, would be as futile as to search for the bag of gold at the end of the rainbow. Jesus taught a system of spiritualism that will be safe for any one to follow. It was his life element, and in it he taught his disciples to worship God in spirit and in truth, and to lay up spiritual treasures in heaven, where rust could not corrupt. A spiritualism that will teach men 'to live soberly, righteously and godly in this present world' is well worth our study, but if it fails to do this, it should have a qualifying name to avoid mistakes. Too much deception has already been practiced and too many simple minds duped, to warrant the acceptance of i;ll the tricks of legerdemain that have been palmed off in the name of the spirits. Send to H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass., and obtain some good books. Phrenological Journal and Science of Health In the Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for September the favored readers of that veteran monthly will rind the customary variety of good things drawn from human life, some of which are especially striking and valuable. A running commentary on the four candidates for President, with their portraits, is given. Three distinguished criminals are contrasted. Physical Morals, a very acute and interesting analysis, will receive the attention of the reflective. There are two excellent articles on the application of practical mental science. Child Culture is more than usually rich. Every parent should read slowly 'Which was Eight?' and get a working idea as to the treatment of inquisitive children. An Infant's Reflections, too, contains more sober truth than its apparent humor. Science of Health department can be earnestly commended. It always has seasonable advice and help. Another admirable contribution to the Moral Education series graces the editorials, and many bits of things fill in the occasional spaces to a nicety. The Journal is published at $1.50 a year, 15 cents a number, and is offered six months 'on trial' for only 50 cents. Address Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 26 East Twenty-first street, Xew York. THE WORLD'S COLUMBIAN EXPOSITION ILLUSTRATED, THE WORLD'S COLUMBIAN EXPOSITION ILLUSTRATED, . For September. As the date for the dedication of the Exposition draws nearer, this popular magazine grows in worth and beauty. This is the last of the monthly issues. Until the opening of the Exposition it will appear twice a month, and during the Exposition, weekly. This number contains full-page portraits of two prominent Exposition officials, namely: Hon. James W. Haines, national commissioner from Nevada, who was prominently connected with the Centennial Exposition at Philadelphia, and Hon. Thomas Smith, national commissioner from New Jersey and member of the Board of Control. These are direct reproductions of photographs on copper plate, and the work is done with marvelous skill. A very prominent feature is the appearance of several state buildings and portraits of the prominent state board members of Nebraska, Iowa and Ohio. There is an autograph letter from the Pope pertaining to the National Catholic Educational Exhibit, and a beautiful engraving of the statue of Patriotism which will adorn the Administration building. The leading article is entitled, 'The Bible, the Sabbath, the Exposition and the Constitution of the United States.' It is an investigation of the question 'Is the Bible authority for closing the World's Columbian Exposition 'on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday'? ' A negative reply is given very pointedly yet exhaustively. The article is bound to create discussion, but the arguments are conclusive. Price 25 cents. Publishers announce their 'Special Great Offer' including all copies from July to January, ten in number, for only 1.50. This offer will be withdrawn within a short time. They also will present each subscriber for the entire issue at $12, one of the souvenir coins appropriated by Congress for the Exposition. Address, J. B. Campbell, publisher, 159 &amp; 161 Adams St., Chicago, 111., U. S. A. Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Journal of Health. Sept. Contents. Proper food for children; The Human Ear; Skin Diseases; Natural Beauty; The Gulf Stream; Canning Fruit; Sleep; Poverty of the Blood; Heat as a Remedial Agent; The Baby; P^arache; Science of Ventilation; Begin the Day Aright; Gout: Care of the Finger Nails; etc., etc. Office 340 West 59th. St., New York City.