THE BIBLE. No. 2. H. L. EADS. We must all enter the narrow way, single file, through the confessional, giving our lives, judgment and will in obedience to God and his Order. The only alteration possible is to take a strip from the broad way and add it to the narrow and make it wide enough for two ; and if this is better, why did not Christ think of it ? I am further cited to books which are considered authority, that make a distinction between the 'Bible' and 'God's word,' and it is thought by some that the Bible itself makes some such distinction by saying the word of God is spiritual, quick, piercing, powerful, sharper than a two-edged sword. This is very true, and this very word is contained in both the Old and New Testament Scriptures. When Nathan said to David, 'Thou art the man !' this was God's inspired word. The idea conveyed by that God-spoken word pierced him to the heart, causing him to prostrate himself and writhe in agony and tears. The inquirer quotes the prophet: ' 'Is not my word like as fire and like a hammer which breaks the rock in pieces ?' and then adds the Bible is not these ; mistaken again; this is precisely what the Bible is composed of, the 'words are like swords and fire in the bones, etc.,' take all such away and there would be but little Bible left. Remember words can not be entities. Let me place it syllogistically before you: 1 am still asked : If all Bibles were destroyed, would that destroy God's word ? Not at all. It would take from the world that part of his word therein contained that could not be remembered. But God could produce the same identical word through a second Ezra. I now think it is clearly proven that the Bible contains God's inspired word; but in order to show that it contains only a fraction of God's word, I am cited to the apostle John, who said :'If all things that Jesus said were written, the world could not contain the books.' It would be more clear if it read : The world would not contain them. The apostle did not mean that there would not be room on the globe for them, but that the world the people of the worldcould not bear the testimony; they would destroy them. If Jesus had talked from that day to this the globe could contain them all printed in large pica, ten feet deep, and room to spare. Again I am asked: 'Is it correct to say that we are founded on the scriptures of the New Testament ?' I answer it is ; for no other foundation can man lay. Whatever of God's word may be found throughout the earth, the highest and best is that given through Jesus, the Christ. O, the riches of the truth, wisdom and knowledge, that have been poured upon the world through that instrumentality ! It is unfathomable ; at every touch a new flash penetrates the honest, inquiring mind, and every knee should bow and every tongue should confess this to the honor and glory of God. In support of this I have the honor of quoting B. B. Dunla vy : 'Whosoever cuts loose from the Biblethe Old and New Testaments, which are the only safe anchor for the salvation of a lost worldhe will cast his feeble barque upon the angry waves of fanaticism, to be stranded upon the first rocks or breakers he may encounter. Such a course would carry the world back to where Jesus found it, in darkness and ignorance, and even worse, for then they had hopes of a Messiah ; now they would be without hope.' This quotation, I consider contains plain truth. We need not look for some new revelation, or new way of redemption, since what Christ has given will save to the uttermost all who will acceptput it in the practice of their daily livesmore than this no new revelation can do. Therefore, I say, with the text, other, or better, foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ. South Union, Ky.