Alfred, Me. Sept. 1892. Beloved Elpeb Hejstry:I had hoped before it came time to write you again, our unwelcome visitor, whooping-cough, would have left us, but not so, it is still with us and bids fair to remain all winter. However, some are feeling much better, and others hope to before long. Our annual excursion occurred August 30th. Twenty-seven persons, including children, took the 1 a. m. train for Portland, then took the steamer for Peak's Island, arriving there about half-past nine. It was a very pretty place and there were quite a number of curious things to be seen which pleased the little folks. There was a black bear, a peacock, monkeys, squirrels, white mice, fan-tailed pigeons, some guinea pigs and a Punch and Judy show. We spent three hours on the Island, then returned to the city to view the wonders there, the greatest of which were found in the five and ten cent stores. At 5-30 we started for home, very much pleased with the day's enjoyment, but oh! so tired and very, very thankful that we had a good clean home to return to. Such days spent in pleasure seeking often bring a blessing. The contrast between the many homes we see and our own clean and comfortable home makes us more thankful for our Zion home at least. But those who have come to years of understanding realize that it is the blessed gospel of Christ and Mother that gives us this clean, happy home. A short time since we had the pleasure of meeting three of our gospel friends from Harvard, Mass., Eldress Louisa Green, Sisters Marcia Bullard and Florence Foye. Their tarry was short yet we enjoyed a beautiful season with them. The first two named are faithful mothers in Israel, having embraced the faith in early days and lived strictly to the principles of the gospel; they now can sing and speak of the goodness of God and the blessedness of his holy way. The younger Sister seemed to have started out with a correct understanding of what is required to become a child of God, and expressed a strong determination to accomplish the work. Brethren have nearly finished harvesting potatoes. Four acres yielded about six hundred bushels, and am glad to say they are free from decay. Our ten acres of ensilage corn averages fourteen feet high. Brethren commence cutting it this week. Our beloved Eldress Harriet is now with us, also Sister Mary Ella Douglass of Gloucester. We are overjoyed to meet her once more. If our prayers are answered she will receive health and strength and live many years to' bless her Zion home. She is a true and faithful Sister and much loved by all. Of such we have none too many. F. C.