HONESTY. Henry W. Fredrick. In order to come strictly up to this foundation of all virtues, we must not only speak the truth, but in all our looks and deportment we must act the truth, and be punctually honest and just in all our dealings. The deep principle of honesty and integrity should begin to be laid in the earliest stages of childhood. If we visit gardens of flowers, orchards of fruit, or places where there are many luxuries to tempt the appetite, then we should scorn to crave or attempt to take any thing that is not freely presented to us. If we are entrusted with money, or any thing of value, do strictly as directed, and always render an exact account of every thing that is entrusted to us. We should never work underhanded schemes to obtain favors, conveniences or privileges ; if we do we will sooner or later be marked by upright people as a suspicious character. If we have cultivated an upright, honest spirit in early life, it will give us confidence in ourselves, and we will be blessed with the universal approbation of every one around us. As we advance in years we may safely be entrusted with any amount of property, because people will always say, there is an honest man and I am not afraid to trust him. Our reputation will be abroad and spread widely, and in our experience and comparison with men we shall realize the truth of the maxim, 'An honest man is the noblest work of God.' There is a peace and tranquillity that never slumbers in the minds of those who have strictly practiced through life, honest integrity and uprightness of dealing, which the knavish and dishonest never know. The former are never harrowed with those pangs of conscience to which the latter must be subject. The honest citizen of any class or grade, holds up his head in the full congregation, standing nobly upon Ms own integrity and good reputation, however his abilities, qualifications, or deficiencies may be criticised. Here is one bulwark that is invulnerable. When weighed in the balances of judgment, he may have short-comings and imperfections, but he has never wronged the rich or poor. He knows it and they know it. He has injured no man in person or property. In health or sickness, in joy or tribulation, this reflection abides with him in life, supports him through the vale of death, and exists with him beyond the tomb. Persons who have from early life taken this honorable course, are often shocked and pained, especially in later years, by seeing and hearing the sad, disgraceful end of many of their old companions who had early inclined to dishonesty. The pilferer has become a confirmed thief and ends his career in the penitentiary or on the gallows. The knave has become a hard-hearted swindler, a pirate or an outlaw. Boys who would rob orchards, cheat their companions or make false returns when sent on an errand, have been turned adrift as unworthy, dishonest apprentices or pilfering clerks, and with a ruined reputation. Many who have sought and found the path of uprightness, and have from the morning of childhood, labored to walk in it, in honesty and punctuality, have thus laid the foundation of an entirely different character. And upon this character they have stood and surveyed such wrecks of humanity in the meridian of life, with souls filled with sorrow for those who were once dear to them, yet grateful to our heavenly Father for their own protection from the small beginnings which result in so much misery and degradation. Let us all bear in mind the oft repeated sentence, 'Honesty is the best policy.' Dayton, Ohio.