When it is understood that the Truth will make... When it is understood that the Truth will make the life of man free, agreeably to the declaration of Jesus, then it will be found that those who wish to assert their freedom, in the best and deepest sense of the word, will seek diligently to find the Truth. Those who seek like those who run for the prize, may all be rewarded in proportion to the interest which they have manifested, and the sacrifices which they have made. Although Truth may represent to us so much of Deity, and seemingly be so far beyond our limited comprehension, while in its fullness, yet we may have this consolation, that in its omnipresence it touches every finite being. If, as some are inclined to think, God is so far, so very far away, even beyond the most distant stars, how very strange it is that we can not pass outside of all the good influences of God. So soon as we are willing to commence the making of strait paths in the spirit of righteousness, we shall find that the kingdom of God is near at hand. It is the divine inflowing of a baptism that has come down from God out of heaven, and is making its pleasant abode with men. Going on toward God, has become one of the familiar terms to be used by those who believe that we may reach better conditions, as individuals, as Communities and as nations, by the acceptance of more knowledge than may constitute our present heavenly happiness. To go toward God, is simply to forsake that which we know to be wrong, and then learn that which we know to be right. It needs no scientific formula to mystify the mind, nor scripture puzzling problems, through which one must wander on toward righteousness, or that will assure him that 'the faith once delivered to the saints,' has been radically changed. When the messenger of God came in the name of a prophet and reTERMS. buked the chosen Israel for walking in forbidden paths, he could give them no clearer nor more practical message than this. ''Cease to do evil and learn to do well.' Then came the ministers of the New Covenant, with corresponding instruction. More light brought more evidence that the work of God among men was moving on, and Paul could stimulate his Brethren to more interest and a dearer abiding hope, as he assured them of his confidence in the cross of Christ. 'I am persuaded that neither death nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus.' Then comes the voice of God's great messenger, so clearly expressed and so decided in its utterance, that the willing listener, even though he be of a simple mind, may fully understand the work he is to accept and see the highway over which he is to walk. 'Except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the Scribes and Pharisees, you shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven.' When a man 'sits alone with his conscience' and in silent communion with this word of God, he may be led to say as did the first Believers. 'Let names and sects and parties, Accost my ears no more ; My ever blessed Savior, , Forever I'll adore.' It is a new life in God, a new and growing life that becomes of the first importance; the making of strait paths, which will lead us 'to live soberly, righteously and godly in this present world,' never forgetting that we must deny ourselves of 'all ungodliness and every worldly lust.' With this preparation of the gospel of Christ, Believers have nothing to fear. Their triumph is as sure as the heavens. 'God's love is at the helm, We shall outride the storm ; Whose life is in the light, Can fear no earthly harm. The passage may be long, Ere truth o'er error rise ; But they are always strong Who make no compromise.'