We publish in this number of the Manifesto an article... We publish in this number of the Manifesto an article forwarded by Elder Frederic Evans, having reference to the Koreshans of Chicago. As so many inquiries are being made, bearing upon this subject, we present the following for the better information of our readers. The Shakers are interested in every religious movement that comes forward for the greater peace and happiness of individuals, and for the general good of humanity. This same interest would be manifested toward any class of people who gave evidence of increasing light from God, and the Shakers would wish for them the best of prosperity. If their zeal and Christian self-denial bears the genuine stamp of the Christ of God, no reason could be given whv their success in life should not be assured, and they be allowed to occupy a place among those who are working for God in the cause of human progress. The Koreshans are not Shakers in the exact definition of the word Shaker. They accept the foundation principles of Believers, Celibacy, community of goods, peace, temperance adding thereunto vegetarianism. As we understand the Koreshans do not come under the direct Leadership of the Shakers, and the Elders newly appointed are Elders only of the Koreshan unity. Dr. Cyrus Teed, the leading spirit of the little community who is known by his people as Koresh, and his followers Koreshans, visited the Believers at Mount Lebanon, N. Y., and took the initiatory step before the witnesses of God in that place. This gave Dr. Teed the fellowship of the Believers of the novitiate order. At a later date Mrs. Annie G. Ordway visited Mount Lebanon, and was by the people of that place, accepted as a sister, and after her confirmation to the office of an Elder, she returned to Chicago. Of this act Elder Frederic writes, 'This will make Cyrus and Annie the leaders and Elders of the New Order.' In the Flaming Sword of Aug. 13, the position of this people is defined quite clearly, and this statement being accepted, there can be no farther doubt of the place occupied by either the Shakers or the Koreshans, especially, in the minds of the above named. 'Koreshanity has an outer court, I do not know that Shakerism has. The Shakers are a glorious people, and there is no place in the world, where greater protection can be afforded from the lusts of the flesh. Koreshanity is the opening of another stage of evolution beyond Shakerism, but in no way conflicts with it. In fact we regard ourselves as the outcome of the old celibate bodies of the United States, the principal one of which is Shakerism.' If Koreshanity is beyond Shakerism, it certainly is not Shakerism, but if this new body can manifest a testimony that will more effectually separate them from the children of this world, and if they will more devotedly deny themselves of all ungodliness and every worldly lust, than the Shakers have done, then we must admit that they occupy a place nearer the standard, and having a greater fullness of the gospel of Christ, they are well worthy to go on victoriously, while we as Brothers and Sisters can wish them Godspeed. The theology of the Koreshans is more peculiar, if possible, than is that of the Shakers, and certainly quite unlike it. But as theology is generally very plentiful and cheap, this need not make much difference. Those who may become interested to follow either order through this phase of their life, would do well to subscribe for the 'Flaming Sword' and learn of the Koreshans, or take the Manifesto and become acquainted with the Shakers. Even this statement of the newly arisen party may not be wholly lost on our Communities, and the voice of the Apostle should be heard among us in the full force of its utterance, as it was in the Primitive Church. 'Be not deceived, God is not mocked ; for whatsoever a man soweth that shall he also reap. He that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the Spirit, shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting.' To lose this testimony wre lose our right to an entrance into the Holy City, and in our lukewarmness are in danger of being cast out from the presence of our God.