Deaths. Fanny Taylor Fanny Taylor, at Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Aug. 17, 1892. Age 86 yrs. 6 mo. We say to her: Go, dear Sister, with the angels; Go and dwell with the unseen; Thou hast reared a noble structure, Palace fit for any queen. Go in peace, the angels call thee; Enter in the joyous rest. Take thy seat 'mid queens and princes, For by heaven thy soul is blest. ,T. E. S. Orpha W. DeGroat Orpha W. DeGroat at Sonyea, N. Y.. Aug. 19, 1892. Age 83 yrs. 5 mo. 27 days. She possessed a lovely spirit, and in her life was exemplified a beautiful old age. She loved and blessed all; and kept up an interest in the affairs of life to the very last. Always an agreeable companion, she was ready to converse intelligently on any proper subject. Her presence was a blessing in the family. Among her papers was found the following original prayer, which her friends would be pleased to see published in her memory. O heavenly Father and Mother, we entreat of Thee to guard and protect us continually; we are aware of our own inability to move heavenward without the help and strength which is ministered to us by Thy holy angels and justified spirits who daily surround us to bless us when good and condemn us when wrong. Most earnestly I entreat of the kind mediums of strength and protection to guard us continually. Do inspire us to do that which our conscience dictates. O may the young of the fold be protected from the wiles of the enemy of souls. Keep them, oh! keep them for Thine honor and glory. May they have wisdom beyond their years to detect evil and power to avoid it. O Lord, may those who have lived many years have power and strength of spirit to bear them up under the many difficulties of old age, knowing the time is nearing wlien they will put off the old tenement in which they have dwelt so long, and be arrayed in garments which their lives here have merited. O ye heavenly ministers, do grant the prayer of this little supplicant. Orpha. Thomas Beal Thomas Beal at Shakers, N. Y. Aug. 20, 1892. Age 84 yrs. 9 mo. 2 days. Br. Thomas has been a faithful, devoted toiler in the vineyard of the Lord for nearly forty years, and has, no doubt, gained a rich inheritance in the mansions of the just. ' O. B.