Canaan, N. Y. Sept. 1892. The golden harvest time has come, and every one must be busy to secure the blessings vouchsafed to us, or they will be lost; and every one is happy in consecrating self, and giving their strength to build up and support our Zion home, and so we feel a glow of love in our hearts for gospel friends and therefore send happy greetings to our dear kindred. If any people on earth have cause to be happy, we above all others possess this boon. With temporal blessings sufficient for our comfort, and the beauties of nature to delight us, and what is far superior to these, the gift of salvation, whereby we are freed from the thralldom of sin and consequently its sufferings. The testimony of eternal truth is sounded among us with its glorious increase. Not only have we abolished tobacco and pork but no longer do we slay any poor innocent helpless animal to gratify a depraved appetite. Good sweet oatmeal, graham and corn bread, with nicely cooked vegetables and fruit will satisfy any one in a normal condition. We must have an object in view through life, considering results and act accordingly. This idea formed in the minds of the young will destroy the relish for tea and coffee and break up that pernicious and injurious habit of eating between meals, and teach us to carefully masticate the food before swallowing it. It will also regulate matters in regard to dress so that comfort, utility and economy will be combined with symmetry. Our gospel testimony must take cognizance of all our doings or it fails to perfect us. Br. Cyrus Teed, of the Koreshan Unity, made us a visit and delivered a very interesting lecture. We are much pleased to have made his acquaintance. Since last Oct. we have added six to our number, five being children, the youngest six yrs. old, she and her brother eight yrs. old have never tasted animal food. Their mother is a strict vegetarian and desires her children to be brought up as such, not allowing them food aside from their meals. We regret that any of the children of this world are wiser than the children of light. The potato bugs ar.e devouring many of our tomatoes; they eat both green and ripe. Who will deliver us from Egyptian plagues by teaching us more perfect methods of agriculture that so much hard lalor may not be fruitless. E. O.