Books and Papers. The Ladies' Home Journal Mr. Howells intends spending Ms summer in a quiet nook in New England, devoting a large portion of his time to the writing of his novel of American girl-life, to be published in the Autumn in The Ladies1 Horn'. Journal. New England Magazine Edwin D. Mead, the eminent publicist and lecturer, discusses the recent Homestead disturbances with fearless vigor and candor in the September New England Magazine. He deals with Homestead and the press, the pulpit and the politicians, and comes to the conclusion that it will be a bad day for the American Republic if the masses of working men ever come to believe that the State stands behind our millionaire barons, ready to crush those whom they would crush into obedience. It is an article that all real thinkers, especially among wage-earners, will read with interest. The Anti-Infidel Library Through the kindness of H. L. Hastings of Boston, Mass., we have received several pamphlets of 'The Anti-Infidel Library' on modern spiritualism, by YVm. TJamsoy. TheBooks :ire very interesting and instructive anil would be a valuable acquisition in the hands of either a Christian or an Infidel. To follow after all the spiritual manifestations of this age, with the idea of securing a profitable prize, would be as futile as to search for the bag of gold at the end of the rainbow. Jesus taught a system of spiritualism that will be safe for any one to follow. It was his life element, and in it he taught his disciples to worship God in spirit and in truth, and to lay up spiritual treasures in heaven, where rust could not corrupt. A spiritualism that will teach men 'to live soberly, righteously and godly in this present world' is well worth our study, but if it fails to do this, it should have a qualifying name to avoid mistakes. Too much deception has already been practiced and too many simple minds duped, to warrant the acceptance of i;ll the tricks of legerdemain that have been palmed off in the name of the spirits. Send to H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass., and obtain some good books.