Sabbathday Lake, Me. Sept. 1892. We who live ' 'way down east'' come to have another chat through the columns of our monthly messenger and to assure you that we are thankful for the spiritual food it contains. Long may it live to proclaim the truth unto every nation, and long may the good Editor be sustained in the great work which he is so faithfully performing. We have had another interchange of gospel love and union with our good Sisters from Harvard, Eldress Louisa Green and Sister Marcia Bullard, who have not only been a blessing to Harvard for a number of years past, but their early days of faithful service were spent at Mount Lebanon, our Mother Church. Thus they are able ministers of the power of God unto salvation and we were greatly blest by their presence with us. Also for the good young Sister, Florence Foye, who accompanied them to this place, we gained a great deal of love. Not long since a special invitation was sent to our Leaders, by the Proprietors of the Poland Spring Hotel for our little girls all to come there and take dinner, and liberty was granted. So they sent one of their coaches named the James G. Blaine to take them there. They were accompanied by their teachers, and made very happy by the notice they received. Before dinner was announced a concert was given them in music hall, and they also went up on the elevator to the tower which commands a view of all the surrounding country. They were then taken through the domestic departments. When they were called to dinner, such a floral display ! Flowers everywhere! The girls selected what they wanted from the Menu, and 'tarried long o'er the 'Poland Water.' ' After dinner they visited the famous Spring and bbl'ing house, rested under the shady trees in the park where they sung and recited pieces to the many guests who gathered around them. One piece which they sung to the proprietors gave quite an effect; 'Inasmuch as ye have done it to the least of these, Ye have done it unto me &amp;c.' Then they visited the Indians, and admired their pretty baskets. At 4-30 p. m. the James G. Blaine took the happy company home, made none the worse for the day's outing. In the evening they had a visit with the Harvard Sisters at the Office, and one of the little girls was heard to say: 'Seems to me we little girls are having a good many privileges lately.' Our beloved Eldress Harriet thought it would be interesting to other Believers to know of this day's pleasure for the children, so we have written it. Usual health prevails at our home. A. S. C.