Ayer, Mass. Sept. 1892. We do not know, good Editor, but that we may digress, or run a little one side from the usual course of our Home Notes. By speaking oi the flowers, or as one has said, of the beautiful side of life, which some may look upon as grown merely to please the eye; we think that down deep in God's beautiful work of nature we shall see in the flowers a pleasant refining influence, which will more or less refine even the elements of our own being. We have found to our great satisfaction, when weary with the toils of the day, that a walk among the flowers has afforded a restful inspiration, and may help, so to speak, to lubricate the human machinery for the coming day. September finds the flower garden in its greatest beauty, and this speaks of the care that it has received during the summer. A little flower bed within the limits of our dooryard, so prettily sheltered, has been kept in this nice order all the season. Not a wTeed has been allowed to mature at the expense of the beautiful flowers, and the good Sister who has charge of this labor of love, enjoys the reward of her constant care. Others may have gardens where the following quotation may be appropriate, but it does not even touch this little consecrated spot. 'I passed by the garden of the slothful, and I saw that it was overgrown with weeds.' We were now enjoying a lesson of thought, and silently comparing this pretty scene with the spiritual garden of the soul, in which may bloom all the choice plants of that heavenly land. We thought of a virtuous life and the great care and cultivation needed to protect these plants that belong to the garden of God. These flowers of the soul were Honesty, Purity, Meekness and Love. Their beauty was in proportion to the consecrated life of the careful gardener, and these spiritual gifts were more attractive than even the beautiful flowers of our earthly gardens. These are the treasures that we are securing on the other side of the Jordan, in the mansions of the blest, and in the coming bye and bye we shall see how well we have kept our garden free from weeds. September finds harvesting all done. We have cut five acres of the best ensilage, and it is well'stored in the silo. In all we have about one hundred tons. Potatoes are coming in, good. Apple crop small. The Sisters are giving a sisterly care to the herbs which are coming in. The selling of milk seems to be very active in Middlesex Co., and we have stepped into the ring, which seems to be far better and more profitable than making and selling butter. A. D. B.