NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. August. Thermometer. Bain. 1891. 69.15 3. 13-16in. 1892. 66.1 5in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 90. Lowest ' ' ' ' 52. Total Rainfall ' ' ' Sin. Number of rainy days ' ' 10 C. G. E. North Family. Sept. 1892. Another month has rolled around, bringing its varied scenes and changes, both external and internal. On the Sunday of Aug. 21st. we had the most notable gathering at our meeting-house that has been for over thirty years. The importance and significance of the chief feature of that meeting, viz. the uniting of the virgin celibate body of Koreshans and Believers, will be understood and appreciated more in the future than it is at present. This is one of the internal scenes that will more and more portray and convey the truth of the everlasting gospel, that will save and regenerate a corrupt fallen world; which gospel we are called to live, and to minister wherever we go. On the 8th. inst. we had a little external scene which was very interesting, and presented an object lesson that will claim our attention for at least one year. A company of twelve Brethren and Sisters took a little outing; not for worldly pleasure or to get food to feed a carnal nature, but for a change of scenery, and to gather good and minister the gospel, by shedding a saving influence on all whom we met. To this end our very thoughtful and progressive Eldress Anna gathered quite a large selection of Shaker literature for us to distribute. The course laid out for us to travel was a trip down the Hudson, from Albany to Poughkeepsie on the day boat. We left home at 5-15 a. m. riding six miles to Canaan depot in order to reach Albany in time for the boat. In Albany we had time to purchase some fruit, which, with the crackers &amp;c. that we had with us, and the addition of some ice cream, hot water, &amp;c. which we got on board, we had a meal of which angels could partake, without having their finer senses shocked, or their consciences wounded by reason of violating the sixth commandment. The day was lovely; and when all were nicely situated on board, we arranged our tracts in order, preparatory for distribution. Some there were who would not look at our ideas or accept our offers; others (a few only) were very much interested, and partially converted. Who can tell where the seed will spring up, sown on the waters of the Hudson on the notable 8th. of September. I esteem it a very great privilege to be in company with those who not only have on the external garb of a Shaker, and are not ashamed of it, but who also possess the spirit of the true disciple and are bold to maintain and defend the living faith of the gospel. On our return we made a short tarry in the city of Hudson. Here we had presented, both to our external and internal perception, an object lesson well calculated to kindle the fires of gospel zeal to the consuming point. In a short (five minutes) walk, we counted fifteen saloons; and children, very numerous, besmeared with dirt, in ragged clothes, and in a continual baptism of vicious influences emanating from their surroundings. A large number followed us, giving vent to the pent-up forces of ignorance and vice by inharmonious sounds, gestures and grimaces till we were seated in the car. Here they congregated, some playing, others staring, and all portraying in their countenances more or less of the unholy conditions under which they were brought into existence. It was proposed to sing: so we sang 'Christian Love.' This caused a halt, and intuitively the evil began to disappear and the angel of good peeped out. We opened more windows and sang: 'Weary not, O Christian Pilgrim.' ' This opened their little hearts and Sister Martha spoke a few words in her loving winsome manner, when' the car started and we said good bye. They responded in united chorus,good bye. AVho could witness such a scene, having the living faith ot Christ's and Mother's gospel, and not have their zeal renewed to greater efforts to disseminate the saving power of God's love, and work and never tire of building up the kingdom of heaven on the earth. Should we not in all our journeyings, and especially in our business relations and transactions, carry therewith, and into, the religion of Mother's gospel? Every thing we put our hands or hearts to do should be imbued with truth, honesty and righteousness according to the exceeding standard of our great and glorious cause. The Sept. Manifesto is an exceedingly interesting one. Glad the music was counted worthy of repetition, though we would rather have seen a new piece. D. O. Watervliet, N. Y. Second Family. The weather has been unusually cool for this season of the year, but no frost to do any harm thus far. The past week the weather has been all we could ask for securing crops. We have more fruit than was expected, especially of plums and pears. Apples will be a fair crop. We are busy canning tomatoes and drying sweet corn. Elder Joseph and Elder Alexander Work gave us a call. Sisters Matilda Reed and Minerva Reynolds of the Church family, Mount Lebanon, made us a pleasant visit. We are always pleased to see our gospel kindred, especially so when they are like those whom we have mentioned, worthy toiling souls who have made the full sacrifice, and have consecrated their time and talents and all they possessed for the good of the cause. May we be worthy to claim relationship with such in this life, then we need not fear the future. Shaker Station, Conn. Sept. 1892. The golden autumn has arrived with all its beauty, and precious freight. The weather is cool and frost has been feared the past few days. Co.n is being cut down, and we expect a very good yield. Potatoes are a very good quality but not a great quantity. Blackberries are abundant. Fruit is a failure, not any apples to speak of in our orchards. But seedtime and harvest have come in their season, according to promise. We hear the song of the reaper pouring forth his joy as he stands amid the plentiful crops that crown his labors. And are not his feelings those of confidence and trust, in a higher power that assures him of a golden harvest in its season. Bountiful Father! praise to thee for thy kind, and generous .providence. Thou hast not permitted the promise of springto die, but hast watched over the seeds and tender plants, and kept away the destroying frost, and the blighting mildew. And as the hour is near at hand when the Husbandman shall gather in his harvest, it becomes us to be ready and laden with fruit. In the midst of plenty we are often reminded of those who live in poverty and desolation. And why? because they are unwilling to make the sacrifice required to live this pure life that the Believer enjoys. A good home, with pleasant arrangements and comforts. We would that more were willing to accept the invitation of the gospel. 'Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest.' M. Witham. The Apostle says, Labor therefore, to make your calling and election sure. Not only to be called, but to be Christians. The labor is a great and unceasing one, and a self-denying one, but the reward is also great. The rules for the work are plainly laid down, as is also the way of ascertaining when one has acquired the right of being called by this blessed name. 'For the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, long-suffering, goodness, faith, meekness.' Those who are striving for these virtues, and are true Christians, are assured that 'neither things present nor things to come shall separate them from the love of God.' A first-class hen-house' does not make first-class hens. Unless gravel is sharp it is valueless for hens. Hence hens prefer sharp shells or grit to round gravel. The reason they eat more shells or grit when laying is because, when laying, more food is required, and consequently more digestion and assimilation. It pays to give fowls the best of care. Kindness to the hens returns through the egg basket. The Cochin is a good layer, very hardy, unexceptionable as a mother and not given to excessive incubation and good for the table. Ground or broken bone is one of the best substances that can be fed to hens. Fowls that moult late should be disposed of and their places filled with pullets. D. Orcutt. West Pittsfield, Mass. Sept, 1892. 'The great ocean is in a constant state of evaporation. It gives back what it receives, and sends up its waters in mists to gather in clouds; and so there is rain on the fields and storms on the mountains, and beauty and greenness everywhere.' We are constrained to quote this beautiful aphorism enunciated by the renowned H. W. Beecher, now in immortal realms, because of the freshness and verdancy of field and forest, now in this glorious autumn season, largely attributable to the refreshing rains of summer. Our grass crop nearly equaled that of last year, which was considered good. Potatoes yielded well, but decay is upon them. We find our supply of apples larger than we had anticipated. Shall have a sufficiency for home use, with perhaps a small surplus. Pears and small fruits not as plentiful as in some former seasons. For some unknown cause our blackberry harvest did not compare in quantity with that of last year. Yet how manifold are our blessings, and how our hearts should expand with thankfulness. What time could be more appropriate for rendering especial praise and thanks to the beneficent dispenser of all good and perfect gifts, than the blessed harvest season? Weather of the past few days was so nearly perfect, that the veil which hides from view the spirit world seemed to be lifted, and we felt as the late venerable expressed it, 'That the airs of heaven blew o'er us.' Love and good-will to our kind Editor and corps of assistants. The peace of heaven be with you. J. L. S. Ayer, Mass. Sept. 1892. We do not know, good Editor, but that we may digress, or run a little one side from the usual course of our Home Notes. By speaking oi the flowers, or as one has said, of the beautiful side of life, which some may look upon as grown merely to please the eye; we think that down deep in God's beautiful work of nature we shall see in the flowers a pleasant refining influence, which will more or less refine even the elements of our own being. We have found to our great satisfaction, when weary with the toils of the day, that a walk among the flowers has afforded a restful inspiration, and may help, so to speak, to lubricate the human machinery for the coming day. September finds the flower garden in its greatest beauty, and this speaks of the care that it has received during the summer. A little flower bed within the limits of our dooryard, so prettily sheltered, has been kept in this nice order all the season. Not a wTeed has been allowed to mature at the expense of the beautiful flowers, and the good Sister who has charge of this labor of love, enjoys the reward of her constant care. Others may have gardens where the following quotation may be appropriate, but it does not even touch this little consecrated spot. 'I passed by the garden of the slothful, and I saw that it was overgrown with weeds.' We were now enjoying a lesson of thought, and silently comparing this pretty scene with the spiritual garden of the soul, in which may bloom all the choice plants of that heavenly land. We thought of a virtuous life and the great care and cultivation needed to protect these plants that belong to the garden of God. These flowers of the soul were Honesty, Purity, Meekness and Love. Their beauty was in proportion to the consecrated life of the careful gardener, and these spiritual gifts were more attractive than even the beautiful flowers of our earthly gardens. These are the treasures that we are securing on the other side of the Jordan, in the mansions of the blest, and in the coming bye and bye we shall see how well we have kept our garden free from weeds. September finds harvesting all done. We have cut five acres of the best ensilage, and it is well'stored in the silo. In all we have about one hundred tons. Potatoes are coming in, good. Apple crop small. The Sisters are giving a sisterly care to the herbs which are coming in. The selling of milk seems to be very active in Middlesex Co., and we have stepped into the ring, which seems to be far better and more profitable than making and selling butter. A. D. B. East Canterbury, N. H. Weather Kecord, for August, 1892. Highest Temp, during the mo. 89. Lowest ' ' ' ' 43. Mean ' ' ' ' 75.6 Mean maximum and minimum 67.1 Total precipitation 11.16 in. Greatest ' in 24 consecutive hours 4.75 in. Number of days in which .01 in. or more fell, 13. N. A. Bbiggs.