Beloved Brother Hamilton:--Your very interesting letter of Aug. 24th... Mount Lebanon, N. Y., Sept. 4,1892. Beloved Brother Hamilton : Your very interesting letter of Aug. 24th., has been read with a great deal of interest. Your vision is very suggestive. That a structure has been reared there is no doubt; that its foundation is on the rock, is also certain; that the structure is incomplete is apparent to all progressive minds. Has the time not arrived when the floor just above the foundation should be laid, that the Temple of God may be in a condition to receive the sin-sick and heavy laden of all nations ? There is certainly a mighty revolution going on in the world of mind, and must and will most assuredly burst forth upon the world of matter, reorganizing the social, political and financial conditions now prevailing, but tottering by reason of false, unjust and iniquitous foundations upon which they all rest. We call, falsely, the age in which we live civilized and Christian: What a perversion of terms! In our civilization the strong oppress the weak; and those who labor eat not of the fruits of their toil, except in a starvation way. The laws are all made to favor the few at the expense of the many: Un- righteousness is 'winked at, and where, as 'The Flaming Sword' says, 'the hungry are unfed, and the naked unclothed ; where immorality and bestiality run riot; where woman must sell herself for food; where man will degrade woman to lustful indulgence' etc., etc. Read 'The Flaming Sword,' it is a live paper, dealing with the living issues of the day without any compromise with the flesh. And can we apply the name of Christian to such a state of things ? Are not the most highly Christian nations veritable armories? Millions of their subjects being trained scientifically in the art of human butchery, while the best talent of the chemical and mechanical class is turned to invent the most destructive compounds, weapons and engines? Have we not come up to the last days? and unless the power of God is manifest, will not the nations be destroyed by their own hands ? Let Believers never be ashamed of the testimony of Mother, nor of the power of God. What a blessing it would be if we were free from earthly and financial encumbrances and could go forth and minister the saving power of the Gospel of Christ in its increasing light. . Elder William Leonard's article in the Sept., number of the Manifesto touches the key note of the increase. Those who do not live in the light will find themselves in darkness and entirely unable to minister the Gospel of Christ, as revealed through Mother, in power and demonstration of the Spirit. The world needs the power of the resurrection minjstered to their bodies as well as their souls. We shall find that in the days that are just upon us the Gospel will be a Redeemera Savior of the bodies of the people. Not only from an understanding of the laws of the physical being, but by bringing into operation the higher law exemplified in the life of Jesus, who healed the people of all their infirmities, then put the law upon them to '6ro and sin no more.' Can there be anything more consistent than that a people living a pure, chaste life, should have a diet corresponding to that life and in harmony with its laws? How often have some quoted the saying of Jesus, 'take no thought what ye shall eat or what ye shall drink or wherewithal ye shall be clothed,' to prove that the Gospel had nothing to do with people's eating and drinking: 'For after all these things do the Gentiles seek.' Not considering how the Gentiles took thought. What was their thought on their eating and drinking, was it not just as it is with all flesh-loving people to-day, how they can gratify their appetites and concoct drinks and food that will stimulate their passions and keep burning in their bodies the fires of lust? Also, as to their clothing, do they not bow down to fashion's shrine, and put on that outward adorning that feeds their pride, excites and continually keeps alive the animal desire towards the opposite sex? Most assuredly should we not take thought as do the Gentiles; but, as becometh the saints of God ; whose aspirations are ever upward, to know and to obey the Divine both pertaining to our bodies and souls. Just so sure as the work of God is moving from faith to faith, and that 'light is sown for the righteous,' so sure must Believers have a diet in accord with their interior spiritual life, before they shall be able to minister the Gospel that will alone supply the needs of a sin-bound, suffering humanity. Our work is to perpetuate a Divine institution by obedience to its laws ; every jot and tittle of which must be fulfilled. Thanks for your article in 'The Manifesto.' May the spiritual gift control our every movement to the honor and spreading of the Gospel of Christ as manifested in the testimony of Mother Ann, is my earnest prayer. In kindest love. Your brother, Daniel Offord.