HOW THE SHAKERS REGARD THE HEAD OF THEIR CHURCH. Louis Basting. West Pittsfield, Mass.Elder Daniel Boler, the head of the Shaker church in America, has resigned his office. Being almost ninety years cf age, the infirmities of body have compelled him to relinquish a position he has held for almost fifty years. Elder Daniel comes from sturdy Kentucky stock. He was a 3Toung child when his parents united with the Society then forming at South Union. Attempts being made at that time to enact laws hostile to the interests of Believers by endeavoring to prohibit the admission of children and minors to their ranks, young Daniel, then ten years of age, earnestly urged his father to take him to one of the Societies in the Eastern states, where a more liberal spirit prevailed. In compliance with this request, the father and his enthusiastic son set out on their long journey of almost a thousand miles on foot. 'With the exception of an occasional ride offered by a driver of an ox team, they walked the whole distance. While father and son, exiles for conscience's sake, were pursuing their memorable journey, British cannon were assaulting Baltimore, and the national capitol went up in flames kindled by hostile hands. But young Daniel felt, even if he was not clearly conscious of it then, that the warfare to which he was anxious to devote himself required a finer heroism than the profession of arms, and an endurance more rugged than the length of a campaign in the field. Upon their arrival at Mount Lebanon they were received with tender affection. The father, after many years of consecrated labor, died in the faith ; and the son, when he had reached manhood, was called from one place of responsibility to another, until finally he became the head of the church. Elder Daniel is one of the best examples of Shakerism. Besides the rudiments of education he received no literary training whatever; but his mechanical talents found ready employment in the workshop, and his industry and good judgment were valuable factors in the management of the farm. Whatever position he was placed in he was sure to give the best of his abilities to the performance of his duties. The characteristics which distinguished his direction of temporal affairs became still more conspicuous in his administration of the spiritual concerns of his people. His judgment was always impartial, being no respector of persons; and while he has allowed many changes and inno- vations to take place whenever he felt that it was best to do so, he has never yielded to the clamors of noisy faction or permitted any departure from the fundamental principles of the Society. He has exercised his functions in a fatherly spirit, seeking to rule by kindness and love rather than by authority, but when necessity seemed to demand it he could be stern and firm as a rock. The gratitude and respect of the people are brightening the well-earned repose of his declining years. It may be of interest to the public to state the nature of government and the appointment of officials among Believers. The chief authority is vested in a ministry usually composed of four memberstwo of each sex; but the first elder of that body is virtually the supreme leader; his decisions are final. Ordinarily, however, all orders and directions are issued by the ministry in union and with the advice and consent of the leading elders and covenant members of the different Societies directly concerned. It has been the policy from the beginning to make no appointment and enact no important legislation without the general union and the assent of the church; but the practice of voting and electioneering is utterly unknown. The system of government is held to be theocratic, or divine; not, indeed, claiming special inspiration or infallibility for its operations, but in the sense that it acts from the purest motives, without partiality or self-interest, simply for the highest welfare of individual, family, or society, as far as human wisdom can decide such matters. The newly chosen leader is Joseph Holden, who has been Elder Daniel's able coadjutor for several years. The general verdict is that Elder Joseph is 'dignissimus'the most worthy among all the brethren. The appointment could not be improved upon unless the lot had fallen upon some bright and talented sister like Eldress Harriet Bullaid or Eldress Anna White. The equality of the sexes is a well established principle among Believers. Lucy Wright was head of the church for twenty years, and her administration was successful in every respect; her wise and practical sayings are often referred to and her memory is held in affectionate remembrance. The induction to office is a simple announcement, without formality or ceremony, and the appointment is made without any reference to length of tenure ; it may extend through the balance of life, or to be terminated through some form of inability, or the incumbent may be removed to give way to some one judged to be more efficient and capable. In all cases the interests of the Society are considered paramount to private wishes and preferences. If it be admitted that such a system of administration is rational and divine, can the same be said of the mode of election of the head of the Church of England, for example? Mr. Gladstone appointed Dr. Benson to that high office, and when he notified the chapter of the diocese of. his pleasure those married priests as- sembled, clothed in their canonicals, chanting and praying and invoking the Holy Ghost to guide them in their election of an Archbishop, and, io! a miracle happened, for their choice fell upon Mr. Gladstone's man who, by the way is a most estimable and worthy gentleman. That some miracle has happened at the election of every bishop of the established church. It is said to be a historical fact that only one chapter ever ventured to disregard the government's mandate, but when they received a peremptory communication they hastened to rectify their action. Can it be possible that the Holy Ghost was coerced? What a travesty and mockery of pure religion those performances are ! Or what shall we say of the recent proceedings at Minneapolis and Chicago, where one party shouted and yelled for its candidate for twentyfour minutes, and then the other party yelled for its nominee for twenty-five minutes? Where was reason, argument, the dignified discussion of principle that should distinguish the deliberations of the representatives of many millions of people? The Shaker form of government is, of course, unsuitable to society at large, but if its leading principle of justice and benevolence should find a fuller expression in the conduct of rulers and the enactments of law-makers throughout the world, all mankind would be greatly benefited.