Books and Papers Phrenological Journal and Science of Health In the October number of that veteran among American magazines, the Phrenological Journal and Science of Health, an appreciative sketch of the late Cyrus W. Field is given, with an account of the laying of the first Atlantic telegraph line. The Editor gives another installment of the descriptive series relating to the World's Fair at Chicago. A Plea for Individuality is well stated by Gracia. A story from life is that entitled The Secret of Amy's Wedded Happiness. In Child Culture, an excellent paper on The Responsibility of Childhood, occupies several pages. 'I Couldn't Say No' comes from an English writer, and sets off a common domestic folly. Teasing Children hits the mark, too. A Strange Essay has its common parallel, as the reader will recognize. The Coming Food Exposition at New York City is illustrated, and a good variety of valuable suggestions appear in the Health Department. The Editor discusses certain current questionsthe strikes, for instanceand very appreciatively refers to the late poet Whittier and Mr. George W. Curtis. The Journal is published at $1.50 a year or 15 c. a number. The last three numbers of this year are offered free to new subcribers for 1892, or three numbers 'On Trial' for 25 c. Address Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 25 East Twenty-seventh street, New York. Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Journal of Health. Oct. Contents. The Cholera; Shocked into Silence; Nurses in the Sick Room; Summer Complaint; Healing in Precious Stones; Christopher Columbus; Asleep for Nine Years; A Simple Remedy for Sprains; Sulfonal in Insomnia: Ancient Hospitals; Objection to New Bread; Round Shoulders; Anti-Tobacco, etc., etc. Office, 340 West 59th. St., New York City. Ladies Home Journal HOME LIFE OF DICKENS. The series of reminiscent articles of 'My Father as I Recall Him,' by Mamie Dickens, the oldest and favorite daughter of Charles Dickens, will begin in the next issue of the Ladies Home Journal by an entertaining narration of Dickens' personal habits, and an inner glimpse of his home life. New England Magazine The October New England Magazineis specially attractive for the quantity and quality of its poetry. Everett S. Hubbard contributes a fine Columbus poem, 'The Three Ships,' which has the place of honor in the number. Charles Edwin Markham, the Californian poet, is represented by a poem in his best vein, 'A Harvest Song.' Madison Cawein, of Kentucky, is somewhat metaphysical in 'The Ordeal.' James B. Kenyon contributes a pretty fancy, 'The South Wind.' St. George Best is topical with 'MaTs.' Stuart Sterne, a New York poet, in 'Vespers' and 'Matins,' gives us true poetry and sentiment. All these poets are of the younger generation, and are scattered throughout the Union, so that it cannot be said that the New England is bound by local prejudices, or closes its columns to the younger singers. And poetry is undoubtedly still read, the croakers to the contrary notwithstanding. Evangeline THAT PRETTY EVANGELINE. VTE published recently under the head of 'A Pretty Surprise' a notice of a now and very charming edition of Longfellow's most cele brated poem 'Evangeline.' Upon examination, the book proves so delightful in every way that we believe it will be a favor to our readers to refer to it again, It is handsomely illustrated, mainly by Birket Foster , one of the most famous of English artists, and bound in exquisite taste in a combination of white and blue cloth, with gilt edges and ornaments, and is sold only by the publishers direct (not by booksellers), at approximately the actual cost of manufacture by the hundred thousand 19 cents a copy, plus 6 cents postage, if by mail. His object is to place an example of his bookmaking in the hands of a vast number of readers. He could certainly choose no more excellent volume, to please all people of good taste. His catalogue of books, covering every department of literature, a veritable feast of good things for book-lovers, and at wonderfully low prices, considerably over 100 pages in size, is sent post-paid for 2 cents. Address, John B. Alden, Publisher, 57 Rose St., New York.