FORMS AND FORCES. Oliver C. Hampton. Spirit is ceaseless and eternal activity. The infinite varieties of this energy are called forces. Every force evolves a form. In fact a form is only a crystallized force, so much arrested as to become outwardly visible. The irresistible result of all force, spirit, energy, or whatever you may call it is an eternal tendency to higher and more perfect forms and conditions ; called evolution. The Indians used to produce fire by two sticks rubbed together. Electricity is a much improved form of producing fire. This new method has to have a new form of visible expression. So of every phenomenon of force. The reason I suppose, of all improvement from year to year and age to age is because the energy moving to that end is benevolent and intelligent. It seems as if there could be no other reason. Well then, change is written upon all things and we must try to believe that all is evolving night and day, year in and year out for the better. Jenghis Khan, through his ambition and cruelty and resulting wars, destroyed fourteen millions of persons in fifty years. Not half that number have been destroyed in perhaps the last five hundred years. Here is a vast improvement. It shows that the world has progressed. How many saurians, mud-mongers and reptiles of hideous form and nature, have long since left the earth never to return. All these have been replaced by more beautiful and nobler species. Let me come a little nearer home. About sixty yeirs ago I lived fulsome years in a log cabin with a chimney of mud and sticks. It was roofed with clapboards and daubed with mud between the logs; and the battened doors were furnished with wooden latches with a string to raise them. My diet was rye bread and milk, the latter served in a black potter's bowl. Now all that is replaced by a splendid dwelling and plenty to eat. This same law of evolution to better things obtains in social, moral and spiritual matters as well as temporal, economical and financial. My school books were the Testament and Webster's spelling book; toward the last, readers, very elementary geographies and arithmetics were added. At present the status of the schools is almost infinitely improved and enlarged. Again, wrhen young, I was sick, melancholy and despairing. But as the years rolled by, I came to discover that wonderful kingdom which Jesus declared was Avithin us. Here was an immense improvement in my condition ; and doubtless the form of my countenance evidenced it. At the same time I found the kingdom I found also the King. Herein is a' divine mystery sealed up to those not initiated by actual experience in the unspeakable arcana of a long spiritual life. But at this sublime point in Zion-ward travel one can say with Jesus 'I and the Father are one.' Also is it come to pass that the wise man's saying is verified; viz. 'A man's own mind is sometimes wont to tt 11 him more than seven wise men sitting above on a high tower.' How glorious and how near to the fountain of everlasting consolation do these sublime experiences place the faithful Zion traveler! This is all beautifully expressed in four lines of the most remarkable poem which has as yet appeared in the Manifesto, entitled 'Evolution.' 'Buried in matter for high tuition, Wrought by earnest and ceaseless strife. Growing brighter through time's attrition, Reaching Nirvana, the goal of life.' Soaring amid such altitudes of inward glory, who can care for meats and drinks, or gaudy apparel, or World's Fairs, or perishing externals of any kind? O that men would try the experiment of living our holy, pure Shaker life, which is the quintessence of all Christian science so-called. If faithful to its sacred obligations, they never would, naynever could abandon it for the husks of the rudimental plane. Union Village, Ohio.