The following letter was taken from an article sent to the Boston Transcript... The following was taken from an article sent to the Boston Transcript by S. P. B. who was a boarder at the North Family. East Canterbury, N. H. July, 1892. The Shakers of the olden time showed a keen s-ense of the beautiful in nature by selecting this place; a hill with valleys below and mountains beyond and beyond and beyond. There were in the family stone cutters and brick makers. They utilized the clay of the meadow and made many of their buildings of brick, some of them three stories in height. Granite was used in profusion for steps, walls, posts of fences and walks. Our bread is baked in a huge stone oven. We visited the laundry and saw the working of the machinery. The clothes are put through a switch and a mill, the power of which is furnished by an engine which also churns the butter and pumps water into a tank for supplying some of the buildings. There were forty pounds of steam in the boiler, though Jennie, the Shaker girl who runs it said, 'that is rather more than is really needed.' We saw knitting machines and a loom where the Sisters were preparing to weave the quaint Shaker bonnets from the oat straw. They use wood for fuel sawed in the mill down by the pond where they cut their ice. Every thing has been done for the comfort and convenience of the family. There is an infirmary where those who are ill or indisposed may go and find rest and quiet. The beds are home made, but good and clean. We have good food, plenty of milk, fresh butter, berries and vegetables fresh from the garden. The Shakers do not eat pork. They raise swine to consume the waste from the tables, but they sell them. The air here is indescribably pure and soft, and it is always breezy here, we are so high, and we find delightful shade of chestnut and maple trees. The floors are painted or covered with oil cloth and numerous rugs. Walls and ceilings are of spotless wThite. Each Sister has an allotted task. One superintends the kitchen, another the dairy, and another makes articles of fancy work, which are sold. All are busy and every thing seems to go. along without hitch or friction. They depend upon the outside world for increase of numbers.