NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. September. Thermometer. Bain. 1891. 65.60 2.18 in. 1892. 58.72 3.19 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 78. Lowest ' ' ' ' 32. Number of rainy days ' ' 5 C. G. E. Oct. 11. 1892. Seeing by the October Manifesto that it is interesting to speak of our little outings, and the good attained thereby, we would add a paragraph to that same chapter. It was our good fortune in August to make a short visit on business to Watkin-Glen, N. Y. Traveling by rail through a very level tract of land in central New York, we were surprised at the close of the first day out, to find ourselves amid scenery nearly equaling the far famed Alps. This wonderful Glen lies at the head of the beautiful Seneca lake, and we could but wonder, how, with all its advantages and romantic beauty, any one could wish to cross the ocean or the continent, for a peep at the grand and beautiful, combined with an assurance of health, rest and quiet. The Mountain Glen House, the only hotel of the Glen, with its perfect ventila tion, has advantages worthy of imitation. The cooking department and dining hall, is in an airy, Swiss cottage, on the opposite side of the Glen, and connected with the hotel by a covered bridge. The hall of amusement with its innocent games and different kinds of music, is also separate from the hotel; thus guests or boarders, wishing quiet and rest are not disturbed by the clatter of the kitchen, nor the midnight entertainments so frequent at summer resorts. All these things combined with the cordiality of the managers and assistants in charge, make Watkin's Glen a most desirable place to visit, to say nothing of the wild beauty of the two glens, the lovely scenery of the lake and opposite shore as viewed from a point far above it. Here also we find a Sanitarium on a hill bathed in sunshine, said to be filled with seekers after health during the entire year. From here we proceeded farther west, and stayed a few days in the pleasant town of Cattaraugus, and one having special privileges. Here we find no loafers, no drunkards, no beggars, no ragged, saucy children, and why? The simple answer to this question, explains the striking contrast to Br. Daniel's experience in Hudson. No Saloons. The land owned by the town was originally deeded with a strict injunction, that no saloon should ever be allowed within its precincts. This plan of the pioneers of the town, has been faithfully adhered to, by its present leading men, and though failure of its success was prophecied, it is a growing town, alive to the interests of education, morality and Christianity; and as I witnessed its almost constant Temperance gatherings and work, I wondered if all of us who condemn the whole list of intoxicating beverages, from hard cider to the licensed alcoholic medicines, are doing all we should, to crush the head of this deadly serpent, that entwines so many of the would be great and useful of the earth. Let us beware of giving or receiving 'a little something to take,' lest we become that stumbling block, which shall hurl some weaker one to destruction. The breath of the winter king has dealt kindly with us this autumn. No frosts to injure even the most delicate plant, until October; giving us time to secure our fine crop of cranberries during clement weather. Apple picking finished on the 10 inst. and a plentiful harvest is ours, while in many localities, apples are a failure. Being in possession of so many temporal blessings, can we not, as winter closes in upon us, so increase our spiritual culture, that its fruits may be a rich harvest of good practical Christianity. A. J. C. Center Family. Summer has gone, yet beauty hovers over wood and dale. The mountains present a pretty and picturesque scene, upon which fall the beautiful sunbeams of October. The orchards ladened with luscious red apples are now being harvested, and a comfortable supply of this indispensable fruit is ours. The frost kindly favored us until our cranberries were picked; the marsh yielding a little over one hundred bushels; much better than we anticipated, considering it was under no cultivation. Brethren report corn and potatoes favorable, and with cellars filled with fruits of the past season ready for our consumption,we can eat, drink and be prayerful, that we may keep our health, and live long in this glorious land which the Lord hath given us. The injunction of 'hands at work and hearts to God,' is practically the life of the little Center Family. When we see the interest of the aged, who have seen and felt the summer heat, and wintry blasts of eighty-four years, toiling daily to do a little more good, and from whom never comes the selfish cry, 'I have done my part,' one seems to sing aloud, 'Glory to the righteous, who can know their worth.' Health generally fair, and weather delightful. Love unbounded to the household of faith. 'This is our prayer: to love the good To do the right, to seek the true, To keep eternity in view The truth of human brotherhood.' C. B. There are more apples in this section than we could expect. Potatoes have not yet been harvested. It has been a good time to put into practice, Mother Ann's injunction, 'hands at work, and hearts to God,' and while we are gathering the temporal blessings, could we not also gather more spiritual strength? But alas! human nature does not love the cross any better now than it did 1800 years ago. From Adam to the present time there has been a struggle, and will be to the end of time. But 'in Zion's great need' we pray for a wave of conviction that will gather and reap souls from the worldly life, and give strength and hope to the few faithful ones who are trying to keep alive the gospel of Christ and Mother. We need a spiritual harvest as well as a temporal one. May God in his own time awaken both the world and Zion, by a mighty wave of true conviction and Godly sorrow for sin, i is our prayer. t