THE FACE OF AN ANGEL. There are many different types of beauty. There is the beauty of youth, which all enjoy for a season; there is the beauty of form and color, which is the most attractive form of beauty; there is beauty of intellect, which sharpens and refines the most rugged features, and redeems them from the charge of plainness; and lastly, there is the highest beauty of all, the beauty of holiness, which comes from close and frequent intercourse with God, and is the reflection of his glory. This is the beauty spoken of in the Acts of the Apostles, when it is said that all that sat in the council, looking steadfastly at Stephen, a man full of the Holy Ghost, 'saw his face as it had been the face of an angel.' The beauty of youth is fleeting. Beau- tiful features are rare, and the most brilliant complexions fade. The beauty of intellect is rarer still, but the beauty of holiness is within reach of all. All may acquire that if they choo-se, and there is a beauty that never fades, but daily increase, though the outer man may wither and decay. We see it sometimes illuminating the faces of the poorest and the oldest, even of the deformed and afflicted, as well as of the young, whose natural beauty it hardens and adorns; and whenever we see it we may be sure that he or she who possesses it is in the habit of holding in. tercourse with Goda child of prayer, for it is prayer and meditation on holy things which makes the face, as it were, 'the face of an angel.' THE COMFORT OF THE SORROWING. The people of God have many causes for sorrow. There is the sorrow for their own sins without which they would never have entered the divine family; there is the sorrow for the sins of others, which is a mark of the grace which God has wrought within them: and then Christians have also their share in the common sufferings, bereavements, afflictions, and trials of this life. And yet though sorrowing, it is their privilege to be 'always rejoicing.' They may rejoice in the blessing and presence of the Lord, who 'giveth songs in the night' and gladness in the darkest hours, and who is ever near his suffering, afflicted, and troubled people, speaking to them words of comfort, hope, and cheer. They may rejoice 'in hope of the glory of God,' in prospect of that eternal gladness which awaits the redeemed when the sorrows and afflictions of the earth shall be no more, when 'the ransomed of the Lord shall return and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads;' and when 'they shall obtain joy and gladness, and sorrow and sighing shall flee away.' No matter how dark the afflictions of the present hour may seem, there is always this rift in the clouds, this lifting of the shadows that overhang a weary, dreary world: the sure and certain hope of life and joy and gladness in the world to come. Well may the tempted, and tried and troubled take courage with such a hope as this. No matter how severe their trials may be, there will be rest, and peace, and gladness, and glory at the end; they may be clothed in sackcloth to-day, but they shall bye-and-bye put on their brighter robes; they may shed tears today, but their mourning shall be turned to gladness; they may walk to-day beneath the shadow of false accusation and reproach, but the time will come when every blot and stain which men have cast upon them will be removed, and their light and joy will be unspeakable and eternal. 'Oft-times my heart grows weary For tile songs tlie ransomed sing, And the waiting seems long and dreary For the coming of the King. And then I take courage and patience, In a little while He will come, And take all His faithful children To His own glorious heavenly home. There all their sufferings will be ended, And their tears He will wipe away; There every voice will be blended In rich and heavenly harmony.'