Shaker Station, Conn. Oct. 1892. AST armed band came with swords and surrounded Jesus in the garden to take him. The kiss of the betrayer had been given and Jesus was in the enemy's power. Peter drew his sword and struck off the ear of the high priest's servant. Jesus rebuked him, saying, 'Put up thy sword. Thinkest thou that I can not now pray to my Father, and He shall presently give me more than twelve legions of angels?' Many professed followers of Christ have erred as Peter did. They have fought with carnal weapons and have been defeated. But the sword of the spirit is a death-dealing weapon to foil temptation and destroy sin. Let us stand fast by this sword and wield it daily. Let us demonstrate that we are conquerors, 'and more than conquerors.' Let us fight the good fight and we shall overcome. No time to lose now. So many things to be done to prepare for winter. We should have a plan for every thing and try to live up to it as near as possibleThanksgiving day is one of our old land' marks that should be handed down to future generations. Let us make the most of it. Boiled turnips, with wheat bran and ground oats added, make an excellent meal for poultry in winter. Such food is bulky and may be fed liberally, without being liable to fatten. A remedy for low prices in poultry is the home table. Better feed hens too little than too much. To feed poultry properly requires care and thought as well as proper food. There are always losses of some kind in growing poultry, but by practical experience a knowledge of how to avoid mistakes is gained. D. Orcutt. Soxitli Family. Oct. 1892. 'O Home for the soul,' and body we might addthat is something to satisfy both soul and body! If we use our earthly home so as to fit and prepare ourselves for an eternal one, it will be well; but is not 'that house not built with hands,' our eternal home now and forever? By aboring diligently to build up our outward visible home, and our inward spiritual one, we fulfill all conditions required of us. Of our outward home we would say that indications of approaching winter are not wanting. Will it be severe or moderate? Animals and vegetables seem to be the best weather prophets. Squirrels are laying up no stores, blackbirds fly north and corn husks are thin, therefore we believe the winter will be mild. Now let us hear from science. Harvesting of crops is in progress, also sowing rye and grass seed. Having tried all the potato diggers in the market, we pronounce the Hoover the only successful one. Potatoes are half a crop. Corn is good and husking will begin in a few days. For some reason, hardly accounted for, milk has been short this season. For handling potatoes we find boxes made to hold just a bushel are very convenient. We read with interest the account of the evangelizing expedition from the North Family at Mount Lebanon. We are also interested in the Koreshan movement in Chicago. It is certainly remarkable how many witnesses are arising in different parts of the world, to the truth that community and virginity, i. e. unselfishness and sexual purity, are the foundation principles of the Christian life. Also these movements are a protest against corrupt Christianity, or the attempt to unite the spirit of the world with the spirit of Christ. T. J. S.