SCRIPTURE TEXT. Explain Matt, xxviii., 19. 'Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit.' The manifestation of the spirit of Christ was to bring light into the world, and to teach a life of righteousness before God and man. During the time that Jesus walked with his disciples, he manifested an anxiety that they might be baptized, and no less that they might learn to hunger and thirst after righteousness. Speaking of baptism, he asked the two brothers, 'Are ye able to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with ?' If the baptism had only been to walk into the water as the thousands had walked in before them, they might have answered without a moment's hesitation and said they were able. The baptism of Jesus was, as testified by John, into the Holy Spirit, and into the consuming fire of God's word. The baptism of John can be administered to every shade of character, even to the worst grades of human nature, while the baptism of Jesus can be received only by those who live as he lived. This antichristian formula of being baptized in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, can be no more than a ceremony with water, and indeed, this is the course the church adopts. As the confession of sin at the time of the baptism has been ruled out, the work falls so much short of that which John did at the Jordan. In Mark it was said, 'He that belie veth and is baptized shall be saved ; but he that believeth not shall be damned.' This censure, however, has been softened by the revision into 'condemned,' and the whole subject in Mark, thrown out as spurious. Even in Matt., the remark was made after the physical resurrection is said to have taken place, and while a pai't of the disciples were in doubt about the presence of their divine Teacher. Those who believe in the resurrection of the physical body may possibly find a little consolation in thinking tiiat Jesus was the same as before his death, and could walk and talk as did the other disciples. Believers in a spiritual resurn ction, a resurrection in which Jesus lived while he walked upon the earth, can have little or no interest in this dogma of a physical manifestation which has been forced upon the world by a church of Gentile Christians. It was the mission of Jesus to urge others to bear the cross that would separate them from a worldly life and raise them from their graves of selfishness and shame, into a resurrection where God would take up his abode with them. In this spirit they could teach all nations and baptize them into the same to the glory of God and to the honor of all men. They would have no fear of being damned or even of being condemned.