Dayton, Ohio. Oct. 1892. We are having very nice weather at the present time. Wheat is all sown and looks well. We have been digging our potatoes and they have afforded us a very nice yield. Several visitors from Union Village and one from White Water have been to see us. I have just spent several days at White Water, my former home, and on returning to Watervliet was accompanied by Br. Thomas Beechey. On reaching home I received word that one Brother and four Sisters from Union Village would make us a visit. The party were, Br. Thomas Mann, and Sisters, Susanah Armstead, Susan Corthran, May Kuth and Anna Goepper. We visited the Soldiers' Home, and while there partook of our lunch. In our two baskets, we found yellow legged chickens, biscuits, cake and pie. Later in the day we ride a few miles from Dayton and then alight to spread our table cloth on the ground anu partake of our supper. We reached our home in Watervliet at 6-30 P. M. Hoping to meet our gospel friends again in the near future, we will pass on to another company of friends from Mount Lebanon, N. Y., who have come to see us. Br. Benjamin Gates and Eldress Elizaabeth Sears, and Cornelia French. We enjoyed a very pleasant visit with them and one that we shall remember for many years. It does our little gospel band good to have our friends from other Societies come and see us. There seems to be a great deal of good come with them and also a precious gift of inspiration. We also enjoyed the company of our beloved Ministry sisters, Eldresses, Elizabeth Downing and Emily Eobinson from Union Village. If we could visit more among Be. lievers I think it would help us all and increase our desire to labor and seek for the good things of God. I am interested in the union of all Believers and in their gospel work. It will never fail in the hearts of the faithful. Br. Moore Mason and Eldress Hester Frost accompanied the visitors to White Water. I wish to say that for nearly a year we have not had a hired man in our Village. H. W. F.