Beloved Brother:--I received an excellent letter from Elder Fredrick... Sonyea, N. Y., Aug. 24, 1892. Daniel Offord, Beloved Brother :I received an excellent letter from Elder Frederic to-day, and I said, how beautiful are the gifts of the spirit. Last Sabbath I was strongly impressed to write to the good father, and I trust he has received my letter before this time. To hear from him seemed like a blessed gift, and I was thankful to be in union with it. I will accept his admonition and be more prompt in the future to keep a closer union with my Gospel relation that the spiritual emanations flowing to them may also be my portion. We think of you quite often and deeply appreciate the love extended by our friends at the North Family. We are also pleased to hear from the Chicago Society, that they are gathering to the more experienced and spiritual body. The time is nearing and even with us now when the old heavens and earth are passing away with a great commotion, and to gather into the Lord's pavilion 'till the tempest and the storm passes by' is a blessed privilege. Every one that is faithful in the Gospel cause will yet see the coming of the new dispensation and rejoice with an exceeding great joy. I want to relate to you a vision, beautiful to me, that I had recently. In the small hours of the morning there appeared before me a grand structure unfinished, but magnificent in proportions, and upon asking what it was, the reply came, it was the (not a) Baptist Church and the name did not have any connection with the religious sect called Baptist. But it implied that whosoever worked to build it must labor for, and attain unto a spiritual baptism. It appeared that I was one designated to go and work upon it, though it was not revealed to me the part I was to take, yet in obedience to the appointment I accepted. I was led to climb scaffolding after scaffolding until I was lost in the magnificence of the structure, and then I returned to consciousness. That was a spiritual gift to me, and has a significance ; it shows the nature and work of God, and that individuals as they ascend from one scaffolding, or degree of height to another, their whole being becomes absorbed in the grandeur and beauty of the work. Dear brother we ask your prayers, and may the angels of power minister to you in the arduous duties of your calling. From your Brother, Hamilton De Graw.