Believers, to have a growing care for our precious landmarks... It may be quite as well for us, as Believers, to have a growing care for our precious landmarks, lest in an untimely hour we may be found wandering in broad or crooked paths. Those who have entered in through the strait gate, and have learned to love the narrow way, as taught in the testimony of the Christ, may yet dwell in the fulness of God's love. With a confidence in harmony with the prophet, we know that the Lord's arm is not shortened that He can not save, neither is his ear deaf that He can not hear. Whatever may have been the privileges of those who preceded us on the journey through time, either as workers on the natural plane, or as illuminated minds in the ministration of a more orderly and indeed, of a more exalted, spiritual life ; we can in the fulness of our hearts' measure rejoice with them, as we gather from their storehouse, the many valuable treasures of God's unbounded love. If the keeping of the Mosaic law wTas able to raise the family of man, to whom it was given, even one degree above the position they were in at the time, then it was the law of God to them and must remain good through all generations. Jesus, in his careful spirit, gave the disciples to understand that his mission was not to destroy men's lives, nor to harm any good thing. He would not even destroy the Mosaic Law, as do the modern Christians, nor would he lessen the testimony of the prophets in their witness against the sins of the world. Many of God's dear witnesses are yet standing at our right hand, and their words of living truth have not lost their vitality to those who love the light. These witnesses are today our Saviors in the Mount Zion of our God, and while one gives this assuring invitation : 'Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me, for I am meek and lowly in heart, and ye shall find peace to your souls.' For 'Blessed are the pure in heart; they shall see God.' And at a still later date another beautiful witness has given us his testimony as a clear light on our pilgrimage to the better land. This man of God seems to be standing even at the threshold of the door and repeating anew the words of prophecy and love. 'This is the Second Appearing of Christ, and we are God's witnesses through whom Christ has manifested himself in this day; and the only means of salvation that ever will be offered to a lost world is to confess and forsake their sins, take up their crosses, and follow Christ in the regeneration.' These testimonies, to the Believer, are the inspiration of God, the baptism of the Holy Spirit and the power of the world to come. With these we shall share the hundred fold blessing, so much to be desired, and so fully awarded to the faithful disciple of the divine Teacher. Do we wonder that the one says, 'Learn of me and ye shall find rest to your souls,' and then so kindly solicits us to enter in at the strait gate, and continue our journey till we reach the City of our God; or that the other invites our attention in these words, 'My only treasure on earth is in those that believe ; I have no relation but in the people of God.' 'Let us not be weary in well doing, for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not.' Let us accept the inspiration of this word of God through those who have been faithful before us. In the hours of our trials and burdens the light has not wholly been obscured. Some good angel has stood at our right hand and proffered to us this comforting assui^ancc, 'They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength: they shall mount up with wings as eagles ; they shall run and not be weary, they shall walk and not faint.'