FRUITS OF MEDITATION. Abraham Perkins. Man is an enigma, creation a mystery and life a law unfathomable. We view objects from different standpoints, and weigh mind, motive and matter from personal experiences and individual status. Judgment is many times correct, but oftener false. As many have no appreciation of the value of money, so is it evident, that a number no less, have no appreciation of the qualities of man, of his talents, or goodness. We are prone to judge, approve and condemn from conceit and estimation of self; from prejudice and fear of another being preferred before ourselves ; and, (because of our ignorance,) from ambition aspiring to positions beyond our creation, and from desire for the high consideration of man beyond our merits. It is difficult for a selfish man to value the favors and kindness of friends. It hardly occurs to him that he is under obligations and should make returns. From ambition for name, for honor and authority, he thinks little of the wants, the comforts or the deserts of his neighbor, and does less to aid or extend assistance. Ordinarily, the rich have little realization of the sufferings of the poor ; the master has but little sympathy with the servant, or the unrestrained with the oppressed. Well may the infidel question the virtue of professed Christian religion where is to be found no brotherhood, affection or relative sensation. Well may we all ask,is there nothing more noble or better to be derived from Christianity? Are emanations from the Divine found in such conditions? Is this doing as we would be done by ? Is it a spirit higher than is prominent in the lowest order of animals? Oh, may we, who boast of endowments from on High, who claim the power of Christian religion, purity of heart and a kinship with angels become so enlightened as to be able to discern human composition, benighted conditions and the character of our own souls. May we see ourselves, 'be what we seem to be, and seem to be what we really are,' make no pretentious beyond our conditions, or claims beyond our deserts. Knowing our poverty, being poor in spirit, may we be so humble as to acknowledge our status, and seek for that which maketh rich in spirit, unselfish at heart, and Christian in all the walks of life; thus bearing love and kindness to our neighbor, and humanely sympathizing with the afflicted ; yea seek that power which gives a broken heart, a spirit of forgiveness for the wrongs and troubles wrought by the envious and evil minded. Here comes in the final call of God to man, which is designed to work his redemption; the sacrifice of the animal within, which was prefigured by the offering of beasts at the Hebrew altars. No greater offering can we bring to the altar than that of self, which is the only acceptable sacrifice and power of atonement for life in Christ the Resurrection. Enfield, N. H.