CHASTISEMENT. Martha J. Anderson. ' Whoso God loveth He chastenetfi, and scourgeth every son (and daughter) whom He receiveth.' In our present imperfect state of mental and spiritual unfoldment, there is much in our lives that can not bear the test of virtue and goodness, and we unconsciously manifest the crude elements of a yet untutored and undeveloped character. We need continually the chastening and scourging of God's Spirit, administered through those who have passed the searching ordeal, till somewhat of the earthly and sensual are eliminated from their spirits, and they are able to speak the truth in the love of God, for 'whoso He loveth He chasteneth.' Yet how unwelcome is reproof, and how grievous to be borne by those whose aspirations have not risen above self-worship, and whose vision is so beclouded by gross conditions, that they can not discern any thing higher, neither do they desire to conform to the ways and means that shall effect a radical change of heart. There are moral as well as physical diseases that need the help of the good physician to remove, and there is no medicine so effectual as just criticism. If we would become the sons and daughters of God, be received in his heavenly kingdom, and form the white stones composing the structure of the spiritual temple, we must bear the polishing process that alone can fit us for our place. To live in communal relation, necessitates a cleansing and purification exceeding that which obtains in ordinary society, also a self-renunciation that places the love of neighbor above the love of self. Persons may have a certain degree of friendship and fellowship, and closely fraternize in thought and feeling in many things ; yet casual acquaintance and social relationship, does not reveal true innate selfhood with all its defects and deformities ; but, bring people in close every-day association and communion, and lo ! the latent diseases of heart and mind become visible; hidden faults come to the surface, and there is often a decisive encounter with evils that need to be removed from the individual. 'God purgeth every one whom He receiveth.' In nature, man exhibits little of the essential essence of virtue. He is the child of circumstances and environment, and brings into the world with him the inheritance of the past. Disciplinary processes througii many generations modifies natural proclivities and tendencies, and this is accomplished through personal improvement; and whether development and perfection come through a thousand earth lives and experiences, are the result of the soul's unfoldment through many eons in the world of spirits; it is obvious that no conscious, immortal being can attain to the altitude of ethical and spiritual excellence tnat ensures unalloyed happiness, without severe and protracted discipline. 'To transform from the carnal into the spiritual, is the purpose of every true religion,' and the great motorforce that shall accomplish this, is love; love born of sacrifice, true Godlove, generated in the coronal region of the brain, inspiring and filling the heart with emotion and affection, pure and divine; translating human sympathy into beneficent deeds of unselfish devotion, kindness, mercy, longsuffering and patience, as was beautifully exemplified in the exalted life and ministration of the lowly Nazarene, whose testimony was a continual rebuke to all foims of evil; yet whose soul was drawn out in charity and love to poor erring mortals. Who suffers most, those who harden their hearts against all needful chastisement and reproof, and carry with them a bold, defiant spirit which brooks all restraint; or, those who bear with the infirmities of a blind self-will, while they strive as does the master with untamed beasts, to subdue, train and direct the misdirected energies of unregenerate nature ? No*t in external circumstances, but in the soul itself are the real causes which produce happiness or misery. 'The heaven ye seek, the hell ye fear, Are with yourselves alone.' We carry ourselves wherever we go, even beyond the grave; and those who recklessly wish they were dead, when they meet with criticism or mortification, will be astonished and chagrined, to find their own imperfect selves revealed in the light of immortal existence. 'Still in perpetual judgment I hold assize within, With sure reward of holiness And dread rebuke of sin.' 'How good it is when thou art reproved to show repentance.' The spirit of Truth comes to us all as a purifier and refiner, to create us anew, and prepare us for the companionship of those who, through great tribulation, have reached the goal of redemption. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.