NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. September. Thermometer. Bain. 1891. 65.60 2.18 in. 1892. 58.72 3.19 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 78. Lowest ' ' ' ' 32. Number of rainy days ' ' 5 C. G. E. Oct. 11. 1892. Seeing by the October Manifesto that it is interesting to speak of our little outings, and the good attained thereby, we would add a paragraph to that same chapter. It was our good fortune in August to make a short visit on business to Watkin-Glen, N. Y. Traveling by rail through a very level tract of land in central New York, we were surprised at the close of the first day out, to find ourselves amid scenery nearly equaling the far famed Alps. This wonderful Glen lies at the head of the beautiful Seneca lake, and we could but wonder, how, with all its advantages and romantic beauty, any one could wish to cross the ocean or the continent, for a peep at the grand and beautiful, combined with an assurance of health, rest and quiet. The Mountain Glen House, the only hotel of the Glen, with its perfect ventila tion, has advantages worthy of imitation. The cooking department and dining hall, is in an airy, Swiss cottage, on the opposite side of the Glen, and connected with the hotel by a covered bridge. The hall of amusement with its innocent games and different kinds of music, is also separate from the hotel; thus guests or boarders, wishing quiet and rest are not disturbed by the clatter of the kitchen, nor the midnight entertainments so frequent at summer resorts. All these things combined with the cordiality of the managers and assistants in charge, make Watkin's Glen a most desirable place to visit, to say nothing of the wild beauty of the two glens, the lovely scenery of the lake and opposite shore as viewed from a point far above it. Here also we find a Sanitarium on a hill bathed in sunshine, said to be filled with seekers after health during the entire year. From here we proceeded farther west, and stayed a few days in the pleasant town of Cattaraugus, and one having special privileges. Here we find no loafers, no drunkards, no beggars, no ragged, saucy children, and why? The simple answer to this question, explains the striking contrast to Br. Daniel's experience in Hudson. No Saloons. The land owned by the town was originally deeded with a strict injunction, that no saloon should ever be allowed within its precincts. This plan of the pioneers of the town, has been faithfully adhered to, by its present leading men, and though failure of its success was prophecied, it is a growing town, alive to the interests of education, morality and Christianity; and as I witnessed its almost constant Temperance gatherings and work, I wondered if all of us who condemn the whole list of intoxicating beverages, from hard cider to the licensed alcoholic medicines, are doing all we should, to crush the head of this deadly serpent, that entwines so many of the would be great and useful of the earth. Let us beware of giving or receiving 'a little something to take,' lest we become that stumbling block, which shall hurl some weaker one to destruction. The breath of the winter king has dealt kindly with us this autumn. No frosts to injure even the most delicate plant, until October; giving us time to secure our fine crop of cranberries during clement weather. Apple picking finished on the 10 inst. and a plentiful harvest is ours, while in many localities, apples are a failure. Being in possession of so many temporal blessings, can we not, as winter closes in upon us, so increase our spiritual culture, that its fruits may be a rich harvest of good practical Christianity. A. J. C. Center Family. Summer has gone, yet beauty hovers over wood and dale. The mountains present a pretty and picturesque scene, upon which fall the beautiful sunbeams of October. The orchards ladened with luscious red apples are now being harvested, and a comfortable supply of this indispensable fruit is ours. The frost kindly favored us until our cranberries were picked; the marsh yielding a little over one hundred bushels; much better than we anticipated, considering it was under no cultivation. Brethren report corn and potatoes favorable, and with cellars filled with fruits of the past season ready for our consumption,we can eat, drink and be prayerful, that we may keep our health, and live long in this glorious land which the Lord hath given us. The injunction of 'hands at work and hearts to God,' is practically the life of the little Center Family. When we see the interest of the aged, who have seen and felt the summer heat, and wintry blasts of eighty-four years, toiling daily to do a little more good, and from whom never comes the selfish cry, 'I have done my part,' one seems to sing aloud, 'Glory to the righteous, who can know their worth.' Health generally fair, and weather delightful. Love unbounded to the household of faith. 'This is our prayer: to love the good To do the right, to seek the true, To keep eternity in view The truth of human brotherhood.' C. B. There are more apples in this section than we could expect. Potatoes have not yet been harvested. It has been a good time to put into practice, Mother Ann's injunction, 'hands at work, and hearts to God,' and while we are gathering the temporal blessings, could we not also gather more spiritual strength? But alas! human nature does not love the cross any better now than it did 1800 years ago. From Adam to the present time there has been a struggle, and will be to the end of time. But 'in Zion's great need' we pray for a wave of conviction that will gather and reap souls from the worldly life, and give strength and hope to the few faithful ones who are trying to keep alive the gospel of Christ and Mother. We need a spiritual harvest as well as a temporal one. May God in his own time awaken both the world and Zion, by a mighty wave of true conviction and Godly sorrow for sin, i is our prayer. t Watervliet, N. Y. Second. Family. Oct., 1892. The weather the past month has been very favorable to gather crops. Sweet corn is all cut and dried, also tomatoes are nearly all canned. Frost has held off remarkably, and it is well it has. As crops were so backward an early frost would have destroyed half of the crop. Shaker Station, Conn. Oct. 1892. AST armed band came with swords and surrounded Jesus in the garden to take him. The kiss of the betrayer had been given and Jesus was in the enemy's power. Peter drew his sword and struck off the ear of the high priest's servant. Jesus rebuked him, saying, 'Put up thy sword. Thinkest thou that I can not now pray to my Father, and He shall presently give me more than twelve legions of angels?' Many professed followers of Christ have erred as Peter did. They have fought with carnal weapons and have been defeated. But the sword of the spirit is a death-dealing weapon to foil temptation and destroy sin. Let us stand fast by this sword and wield it daily. Let us demonstrate that we are conquerors, 'and more than conquerors.' Let us fight the good fight and we shall overcome. No time to lose now. So many things to be done to prepare for winter. We should have a plan for every thing and try to live up to it as near as possibleThanksgiving day is one of our old land' marks that should be handed down to future generations. Let us make the most of it. Boiled turnips, with wheat bran and ground oats added, make an excellent meal for poultry in winter. Such food is bulky and may be fed liberally, without being liable to fatten. A remedy for low prices in poultry is the home table. Better feed hens too little than too much. To feed poultry properly requires care and thought as well as proper food. There are always losses of some kind in growing poultry, but by practical experience a knowledge of how to avoid mistakes is gained. D. Orcutt. Soxitli Family. Oct. 1892. 'O Home for the soul,' and body we might addthat is something to satisfy both soul and body! If we use our earthly home so as to fit and prepare ourselves for an eternal one, it will be well; but is not 'that house not built with hands,' our eternal home now and forever? By aboring diligently to build up our outward visible home, and our inward spiritual one, we fulfill all conditions required of us. Of our outward home we would say that indications of approaching winter are not wanting. Will it be severe or moderate? Animals and vegetables seem to be the best weather prophets. Squirrels are laying up no stores, blackbirds fly north and corn husks are thin, therefore we believe the winter will be mild. Now let us hear from science. Harvesting of crops is in progress, also sowing rye and grass seed. Having tried all the potato diggers in the market, we pronounce the Hoover the only successful one. Potatoes are half a crop. Corn is good and husking will begin in a few days. For some reason, hardly accounted for, milk has been short this season. For handling potatoes we find boxes made to hold just a bushel are very convenient. We read with interest the account of the evangelizing expedition from the North Family at Mount Lebanon. We are also interested in the Koreshan movement in Chicago. It is certainly remarkable how many witnesses are arising in different parts of the world, to the truth that community and virginity, i. e. unselfishness and sexual purity, are the foundation principles of the Christian life. Also these movements are a protest against corrupt Christianity, or the attempt to unite the spirit of the world with the spirit of Christ. T. J. S. Ayer, Mass. Dear Editor :With us nature begins to take on the look of change from the warm and beautiful to the cold and dreary. What a beautiful season the past has been to us; though at times uncomfortably warm and the heat almost unbearable, yet we have been blest with the bounties of nature, beyond our expectation, and to whom shall we give credit if not to the industrious hands that have worked in faith, believing that God would help those who help themselves. Our Sisters have been busily engaged in preparing for market the great quantity of herbs that is yearly raised in Harvard. Those not personally acquainted with our home can form but a faint idea of the amount of work this requires at our hands. All must pass through the hands of the Sisters, before they are ready to be sold. Much of this work is performed during the heated part of the season. As I have seen the happy companies sitting at their tables, stripping the herbs, I have thought; How could they show more zeal or energy, even though they were at work for their selfish interest? Homes are like harps; some are finely carved and bright with gilding, but ill tuned, while another is old and plain but from its chords we hear some beautiful music. Step by step we may finally cross the highest mountain; so will a little self-denial, used every day work wonders in our home circle. The divine arrangement of the laws governing men's lives, decrees that he who lives only for self, lives for no one, while the person who lives to bless others, also blesses himself. The person who carries grace and sweetness into the lives of others, finds that his own life has imparted to it a brightness and buoyancy that continually increases. 'How good I feel,' exclaimed the little boy, when he had helped his classmate over a rough place. 'I wonder why it raises one up so to help any one who needs help?' God bless the liberal heart. Let us give and give as to God. Shirley met with Harvard on the Sabbath for worship, and two Sisters are with us from Enfield, Conn. A. D. B. Enfield, N. H. Oct., 1892. Beloved Elder Henry:Not forgetting your consecrated efforts in issuing the monthly Manifesto, fraught with so much that is worthy our acceptance, our thanks are due to you and the kind friends who suggested the more social correspondence, which gives us a better opportunity to hear from our kindred Societies both East and West. We find that it yields great pleasure to its many readers, and opens the avenues which serve to broaden our acquaintance and strengthen a kindly interest that might never otherwise be realized: so we bless the good wherever found. Some days since we entertained a gentleman and lady from Braintree Mass., by the name of Watson, who called upon us to spend the Sabbath; they belonged as they said to a growing party, termed Nationalists. These people seemed to have the conviction that mankind were growing to endorse to some extent the practicability of Edward Bellamy's dream as pictured in 'Looking Backward.' They gave us an outline of what they were doing. They were in earnest in their work, and we bid them God-speed, for well we know the world needs a mighty revolution. We are now in the midst of Harvest; with a view of preparing for winter. Potatoes are all dug; not a medium crop, and poor quality. Have just finished gathering our apples and think it safe to say that we have never known so few, in our remembrance. Of tomatoes, grapes and plums we have a good supply. On the 5th. inst. a cold wave struck us, and the snow fell sufficient to mantle the high mountain just east of our Village. We have had some hard frosts but have been fortunate in securing our vegetables so that nothing has been injured. We find enough work each day for willing hands and hearts, in striving to keep our home as near the standard of the Shaker Church as is possible, asking in faith and trust that a blessing crown our every effort for good. J. R. 3STortli Family. Esteemed Editor:Acting upon the suggestion of friends, we have contributed the 'Home Notes,' hoping they will not take the place of more valuable items. We sincerely appreciate the varied thought given each month for the pages of our Manifesto, and hope its precious sheets laden with soul elevating truth, will ever appear before the public. Antagonistic, as the Christ virtues are to the carnally inclined, we do not marvel that mortals should seek to retard the reforming powers, that would shatter all idols not bearing the stamp of holiness. Elaborate, may be the comparisons portraying the richness, glory and joy of a Christian life, and the unsatisfactory demoralizing effects of an ungodly life; still the unregenerate heart will crave the food of self-indulgence, and ignore and scoff at virtue. In our religious and social meetings is manifest a zeal to keep step with the class of earnest workers for the truth, and to develop those soul traits approved of God. Each day finds us busy in securing the fruits of the season. With the majority of New England farmers we have to report a small crop of apples, pears and potatoes as compared with former years, while of other fruits including berries, plums, etc., we have an average crop. The Sisters have acted well their part in preserving fruits and making jellies to enrich our table during the long and dreary months of winter. During the summer months, from a herd of thirteen cows, we have realized a yield of 1,125 lbs. of cheese, and averaged 25 lbs. of butter per week, besides being liberally supplied with cream for home consumption. Our family has raised and prepared for Boston market, 1,300 lbs. of Lavage, and at this date are engaged digging and preparing Dock root for J. C. Ayer, of Lowell, Mass. Amount not yet ascertained. Last but not least among our blessings, we are able to report a healthy condition physically, and spiritually, hence are realizing the happiness attendent upon this state of things. Kindest wishes for all the readers of our Manifesto. G. H. B. Alfred, Me. Oct. 1892. Beloved Elder Henry;Seed time and harvest, that were promised so many years ago, continue to come to us. If we are faithful in the one, we are sure to be blessed with a good result whether in temporal or spiritual things. Elder John Vance tells us that we must add another hundred bushels to the account of our potato crop, so will try and report more correctly. If all the little potatoes had been large ones, there would have been 1,000 bushels instead of seven hundred- However, we have enough and some to spare. That tall ensilage corn filled the silos rapidly. The 1*75 tons will help to make up for the shortness of the hay crop. The apple harvest is hardly commenced. It will not be an abundant one. The first heavy frost of the season came Oct. 2nd., too late to do any harm to the garden. Our dairy Sister thinks the 35 gal. Stoddard churn recently put into the dairy cannot be excelled. Our beloved Ministry returned to us on the 11th. inst. We are always thankful for their presence which adds love and strength to the store we possess. Let us love and bless each other and the blessing will return to us four-fold. t Dayton, Ohio. Oct. 1892. We are having very nice weather at the present time. Wheat is all sown and looks well. We have been digging our potatoes and they have afforded us a very nice yield. Several visitors from Union Village and one from White Water have been to see us. I have just spent several days at White Water, my former home, and on returning to Watervliet was accompanied by Br. Thomas Beechey. On reaching home I received word that one Brother and four Sisters from Union Village would make us a visit. The party were, Br. Thomas Mann, and Sisters, Susanah Armstead, Susan Corthran, May Kuth and Anna Goepper. We visited the Soldiers' Home, and while there partook of our lunch. In our two baskets, we found yellow legged chickens, biscuits, cake and pie. Later in the day we ride a few miles from Dayton and then alight to spread our table cloth on the ground anu partake of our supper. We reached our home in Watervliet at 6-30 P. M. Hoping to meet our gospel friends again in the near future, we will pass on to another company of friends from Mount Lebanon, N. Y., who have come to see us. Br. Benjamin Gates and Eldress Elizaabeth Sears, and Cornelia French. We enjoyed a very pleasant visit with them and one that we shall remember for many years. It does our little gospel band good to have our friends from other Societies come and see us. There seems to be a great deal of good come with them and also a precious gift of inspiration. We also enjoyed the company of our beloved Ministry sisters, Eldresses, Elizabeth Downing and Emily Eobinson from Union Village. If we could visit more among Be. lievers I think it would help us all and increase our desire to labor and seek for the good things of God. I am interested in the union of all Believers and in their gospel work. It will never fail in the hearts of the faithful. Br. Moore Mason and Eldress Hester Frost accompanied the visitors to White Water. I wish to say that for nearly a year we have not had a hired man in our Village. H. W. F. East Canterbury, N. H. Weather Record, for September, 1892. Highest Temp, during the mo. 15. Lowest ' ' ' ' 40. Mean ' ' ' ' 56.7 Total precipitation 1.65 in. Number of days in which .01 in. or more fell, 5. N. A. Beiggs. Oct. 13, 1892. Beloved Editor:We are pleased to present at this time our 'Home Notes' to the readers of the Manifesto. The changing hues of the beautiful trees remind us that winter is approaching, and with it that auspicious day when, at least, all professed Christians, are supposed to turn over a new leaf in their life history, and endeavor to make a radical change for the better. With this class must be numbered the printers, who in spite of all the mistakes which they unluckily have made, and which, alas for them, the reading public must know, still keep up good courage, undaunted by the fact that they must needs turn over many a new leaf before they reach perfection, even in the printers' art. With the autumn, comes the preparation for the winter months. We have been blessed in our 'basket and in our store.' Gathered in Sept. about fifty bu. of peaches, which were rapidly converted into sauces and preserves. During the present month forty bu. of grapes have been gathered. The potato crop has been a partial failure, very much to our sorrow. Of apples we may have a medium supply. The gardeners report one hundred and fifteen bu. of tomatoes, and a peep into a corner of the garden barn revealed a goodly store of squashes. Industry through the summer is amply rewarded and we pleasantly realize the truth of the maxim, 'Labor is Worship.' *