NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. October. Thermometer. Rain. 1891. 41.41 2.22 in. 1892. 47.65 1.25 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 68. Lowest ' ' ' ' 30. Number of rainy days ' ' 1 C. G. E. 3NTortli Family. Nov. 1892. 'What solemn feelings rise . And flow through every sense; Who can behold without surprise The passing great events.' We certainly are living in very extraordinary times, and a mighty revolution is upon us. The conditions are upon us that will try men's souls and women's too. Every thing, external and internal, is calling for energy, and the consecration of our best talents. No time to waste in idle dreaming or vain speculation. The revelation of truth, and a practical application of it to every-day life is the only thing that will save from sin and bring the kingdom of righteousness in the earth. They that do right are righteous: those who compromise with the right for expedience, or worldly advantage, are heaping up fuel that will burn only to their discomfort. Let us be careful, watchful, and prayerful. The year is drawing to a close. I wish all my gospel friends a healthy, temperate thanksgiving, a truly pentecostal Christmas and a New Tear filled with the glory of God's summer that has passed and the harvest that has ended. We have many things to be thankful for, a few to regret, which in the coming year we hope to improve; and some bright hopes that fill our souls with courage and determination to work more faithfully in the vineyard of the Lord, and bring about that good thing which will make this earth a paradise, and thus fulfill the prayer of the Savior. We have our Separator set up, and in fine working order. We obtained a fourteen inch Motor of our Koreshan friends, set it up temporarily to prove it on the Separator, and found we had more than double the power we needed. Having a twenty-two inch Backus Motor to drive our sewing machines, and it not giving us quite as much power as we wanted, we took it out and set up the Teed Motor, and found to our surprise that the fourteen inch Teed Motor gave us more power than the twenty-two inch Backus, with the same size stream of water, and the same pressure. The size jet used in both wheels is three eighths of an inch under about sixty pounds pressure. D. O. Watervliet, N. Y. Second ITamily. Nov. 1892. It is now Nov. 10, and the beautiful fall weather that has been so universal throughout the country has been ours to enjoy up to present date. To-day instead of green grass that was just beginning to assume a sombre hue, a mantle of snow is seen and we realize that the first snow of the season in this section has fallen. But as our crops are secured, and we have a goodly store, we are not wholly unprepared for the cold weather should it abide with us. Our gospel kindred from Groveland, are moving to this Society as fast as consistent. A company of six Sisters and two Brethren arrived here on the 31st. ult. and were warmly welcomed by our good Ministry and the Brethren and Sisters. Elder Joseph in our first gathering with them welcomed them to our home, now their home. Eldress Harriet said that Believers should be one, no north, south, east or west, but all should be as one great family of Christ and Mother. Eldress Augusta also made them welcome in her mild and pleasant manner, and with these remarks, the Elders, Brethren and Sisters were united. May they be welcomed in the full sense of the word, for we feel that we have added to our numbers, spiritual strength, and may we grow and increase in all that tends to eradicate selfishness, and bind us together as the 'heart of one.' Health of Society good. Br. Chauncy Miller is still improving in health for which we are thankful, as he has been and still is a bright star in our temporal and spiritual firmament. t 'West Pittsfield, Mass. Nov. 5, 1892. Foe three days it has drizzled, with a smart'shower at long intervals to vary the monotony. Once the sun really peeped out, but was evidently disheartened by the general dreariness of the aspect, as it soon disappeared, swallowed up in a big, black cloud. We made some philosophical reflections on the fleeting nature of all earthly things. As we picked our way along the muddy street, swaying umbrella in hand, we were grateful that the sunshine of our lives was not wholly dependent upon atmospheric conditions. Nay, we have within ourselves every element necessary for a firstclass 'Sunshine Factory,' and we may keep a supply in reserve, to use when the elements without are not propitious. The rain may be very much needed to replenish the springs, as water, in most streams and lakes in our vicinity is quite low. It is said that the water in Pontoosuc Lake was never so low. This lake is about two miles north of Pittsfield. Its banks are shaded by pine trees, and throughout the summer a steamer and many row-boats are in constant requisition, as it is the pleasure seekers favorite resort. We had excellent weather in which to gather the crops. Apples prove to be more abundant than was expected at first; potatoes also are very good in quantity and quality. We were somewhat alarmed about ten days ago at seeing flames rising in the woods north of us. All who were able hastened to assist in putting out the fire, but in spite of vigorous efforts, it continued to burn for several days until quenched by the rain. Br. Ira says it burned a section of nearly fifty acres, but thinks no great damage was done, as it did not burn so deeply as to injure the growth of the trees. A fresh coat of paint on some of the buildings at Second Family makes them brighter and more home-like. The discovery of this great and beautiful land was honored by our scholars with appropriate exercises. Our neighboring city, Pittsfield, carried to a successful close quite an interesting programme. About thirty business men had floats in the Grand Parade of the day to exhibit their varied kinds of goods. At the solicitation of the Committee of Arrangements Br. Ira permitted his millers to turn out our mill team and take part with the others. By placing boards across the top of the carriage, a platform was made on which to set a huge mill-stone, the 'sign of the honest miller.' Barrels of flour and bags of corn were open to show their contents, while polished scales and shovels, added to the beauty of the float. Bunting and flags were profusely used in the decorations. The carriage was drawn by six large horses, and presented a very fine appearance. Others evidently agreed with us, as it was assigned a place at the head of the long line of floats. E. B. Ayer, Mass. Nov. 1892. Grand, indeed, would be this world if all would live to tlieir opportunities of usefulness. Happiness would be more universal and misery would have a smaller space in the lives of men. The old maxim, 'The more good you do, the more good you'll be,' lias much truth, if not poetry. We find every time we attempt to carry grace and sweetness into the lives of others, we have imparted to our own lives a brightness and buoyancy that will increase with every such act, and be to us a continued growth of goodness. Our opportunities for doing good, are far more plenty than for which we give credit. We have always among us, the aged, whose long life of usefulness begins to tell upon them physically. Their infirm condition calls for many little acts of kindness; let us assist them all we can. Every kindness done to others is one step nearer the life of Christ. How good I feel enthusiastically exclaimed a little boy, who had helped a class-mate over a rough obstacle,'I wonder why it raises one up so to help any one who needs help.' And others, older in years and experience have wondered. 'What I give, I take with me when I cross the dark river.' This is a great truth. Our good Eldress Ellen Green, has been very ill for some weeks past. Our little school observed Columbus' day, and the children did honor to themselves and teacher. A. D. B. Canaan, N. Y. Nov. 6, 1892. The first snow-storm for the season occurred on the 5th., accompanied by high winds; one would think that the winter king had come to stay; but one bright day dissipated the spotless robe that was cast over hill and dale. We have been blest with a bountiful harvest and realized fully the fruition of the promise that they who toil unselfishly in the vineyard, shall be blest in their basket and store. Of garden vegetables we have had a liberal supply. The early Euby tomato is a fine assortment for ripening early; we had five other sorts all of which yielded sufficiently to sell, a great many being in constant demand; small fruits rather scarce; more apples than we anticipated, our crop of potatoes fell somewhat below the mark of our expectation, but will have enough for home consumption. Our Society meetings have closed for the season and we shall realize more the quiet of undisturbed seclusion for a few months, with but an occasional call to and from our dear friends at the North Family. We are three miles from our gospel relation, and this necessitates a little extra exertion on our part to keep in harmony with the leading ministration; we desire to accomplish the race and keep pace with the progress of the glorious work of redemption, believing that where two or three are met in the name of Christ there, he will be in the midst. That the avenues of our spiritual perceptions may be opened and the baptisms of divine power and glory may infill our being and lead us to the knowledge of wisdom and truth to which there is no end, is our earnest prayer. A. B. Shaker Station, Conn. Nov. 1892. The delightful weather of the past month has proved favorable for the securing of crops and making preparations for the coming of winter. Some repairs are being made on barns and other out buildings. The year which is drawing to a close has been crowned with blessing in every way. Health has been the fullest and best. At all times would we appreciate the innumerable blessings bestowed upon us, and the love which passeth understanding and would ever trust in those promises which never fail. M. W. Sabbathday Lake, Me. Nov. 6, 1892. We have just finished gathering in the harvest. Of winter apples we had an abundant supply. Christmas week the apple dealers are to take many bbls. away to the market. We receive $1.85 per. bbl. Plenty are left for family use until apples grow again and many bushels have been dried. To-morrow commences the cider making; from about 1,000 bushels of the smaller ones. The cider will be condensed five bbls. into one, and stored away for Shaker Apple Sauce of which we hope to have many orders from our customers during the winter. Our good friend Barker Holt and companion, of New Gloucester, came to visit us one day. They have always been very friendly to Believers. The children went to the Office to sing to them, and they in return instructed them very wisely. Friend Holt made a special prayer, asking God to bless and prosper the little ones and their teachers and indeed, all who were so kind as to take the children in and give them such a good home and loving care. The winter term of school commences the coming week. The house is all prepared, decorated with evergreens and fir boughs. Mottoes of autumn leaves and bright colored tissue paper are on the walls. Contrasting with the green it makes the room attractive. With all this to encourage us we hope to have a pleasant and successful term. These 'Notes' are the last for 1892, and now we will bid you farewell until we greet you in the New Year. A. S. C. Union Village, Ohio. Nov. 1892. 'Time flees away as a morning dream, With all its burden and sorrow; And faith illumes with a ioyous gleam The beautiful eye of to-morrow.' This is the language of optimism. It is so much better than forever hanging out blue lights. We have not had an inch of rain since the middle of July. But what of that? November will doubtless give us plenty. If we would only go to the trouble of rebuilding the wasteway of our milldam we might have about thirty-six acres of water 10 to 25 feet deep. And all this for $500. We are made glad in 1800 bu. of beets for the cows, for our winter supply and Elder Joseph has just completed a grand root-cellar capable of holding not less than 4 or 5,000 bu. It is an annex to the barn. We are once more in our old new Office. It is perfect, nothing could be added to its beauty, comfort or convenience. Our dwelling or center house has undergone much repairing and modernizing this summer. But O the cement and sawed-stone walks all around the Office and dwellings. We shall not attempt to describe the glory of these walks. Our corn wTill be a tolerably fair crop. Potatoes may possibly last through the winter. Wheat rather poor, but we shall have plenty and perhaps some for the market. Our English Sparrows mean well but they eat the blue-grass-seed about as fast as we sow it. But 'Don't kill the Birds;' they are so cheerful and chipper in the dreary days of winter. We are sowing this bluegrass seed on our newly leveled door-yard. I generally read the Manifesto with eagerness as soon as it arrives. But one thing I regret very much: that is, the substitution of Initials instead of full names under the articles,Poems, Home Notes, etc. Western people would be glad to have the full name of each writer. There is a disappointment when we read to the end of a sweet poem, a pure, spiritual essay, a racy Home Note, and find no name we can decipher nor any reference to the worthy author that we can understand. Well, this is enough, may be too much. We are all quite well and most heartily bid the Manifesto and all its promoters a God speed now and forever. We lately were uncommonly blest with a visit from our most worthy Sisters, Eldress Elizabeth Sears, and Sister Cornelia French of Mount Lebanon, our dear Mother Church. Our meeting on the Sabbath was a feast of good and refreshing inspirations from the store-house of their long travel and experience gathered from the bright fields of the higher life. We sincerely hope they will not stay away so long again; but if they must, that they will send some equally entertaining substitutes. Best love and good wishes to all. O. C. H.