Books and Papers. The 'World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated THE COLUMBIAN EXPOSITION. The 'World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated' had the honor to be appointed the official photographer of the dedication civic and military parades. As a result the November issue is replete with rich copperplate illustrations showing prominent portions of the great celebration. Among the views are General Miles and U. S. Regulars, Vice-President Morton, Ex-President Hayes, Foreign Diplomats, Connecticut Guards, Illinois National Guards, Governor Fif er, as they appeared in the processions, large view of reviewing stand, photographic view of interior of Manufactures Building during dedication; and among other plates is the Vermont State P.uilding, the Governor of the State, also Norway Building. A large photograph of Mrs. John A. Logan makes the frontispiece. The great orations delivered on the occasion and the addresses of the Exposition officials are given in full. The Woman's Department is full of interesting information, and also contains Mrs. Potter Palmer's dedicatory oration. This paper is making the only authentic History of the Exposition, and will form a complete guide to all visiting the Fair. In short, the November number is a rich recapitulation, in words and picture, of the dedication of the Fair. One issue alone of this paper is worth a year's subscription. Single copies, 25 cts. Address, J. B. Campbell, Publisher, 159 Adams St., Chicago, 111. Phrenological Journal and Science of Health We find the Phrenological Journal and Science of Health up to date in its consideration of current events. For instance, The Late Arctic Expedition and its commander, Lieut. E. E. Peary, receive an appreciative notice with several illustrations. Then follows a sketch of the doings in Chicago, touching the Columbus Exposition; several of the large buildings are given, and a portrait of the President of the Directory, Mr. Higinbothams. A sketch of Mr. Whittier, with excellent portrait follows. The Poet is very popularly termed 'Poet of Freedom.' In the department of practical, mental science, a story of school experience commends itself to the world of teachers, viz: 'Out of Darkness into Light,' and the reflections on the faculty of Sublimity show a nice, critical sense. The essay on Reverence hits the times well, and so does 'An Open Letter' to mothers, which especially shows an exceptional courage in both the writer and the publisher in appealing to the popular common sense with regard to a most important yet most sedulously avoided subject. Dr. Handford discusses health and disease in his usually practical manner, and in the same department is an article on the usefulness of the enema as a preventive or remedy in many diseases. A careful reading of the Notes in Anthropology is advised, as several items of much value are recorded in that department. The best advice is, the whole of this November number of the veteran magazine should be read by all. It is published at $1.50 a year or 15 cents a month. The last three months of this year free to new Mibscribers. Address Fowler &amp; Wells Co., publishers, 25 East 21st Street, New York. Alden's Cyclopedia of History A GREAT POPULAR HISTORY OF THE WORLD. The story of the world's history, is, after all the most interesting and most instructive story which has ever been told. It was probably never better presented, for general reading and reference, than in Alden's Cyclopedia of History, recently published. Every nation of the earth, ancient and modern, is treated in its alphabetical order, excepting, only, the United States, which is to form a separate work. You have ancient history as far back as B. C. 5004 and modern history down to A. D. 1892. All countries are described in their physical aspects, as well as historically, so you have the equivalent of a book of travels round the world. There are many illustrations, none for mere ornament, but all helpful for instruction. Considering the magnitude of the work, its small cost is astonishing. The entire history comprises about 800,000 wordsequivalent, you will find by comparison, to about 10 volumes of ordinary sizeand yet is issued in two handy volumes, in small but clear type, well and handsomely made, and sold in cloth binding for only $1.25 for the set, plus 20 cents for postage, if by mail. For 10 cents the publisher sends post-paid a paper-bound volume of 160 pages, containing the complete history of several nations, by which you can judge of the character of the entire work. Every home ought to have a good Universal History; this is probably the best for general use. The publisher's catalogue of choice books, over 100 pages, a rich feast for book-lovers, is sent postpaid for 2 cents. John B. Alden, Publisher, 57 Rose St., New York. New England Magazine The November number of the New England Magazine i,s a Whittier number. The frontispiece is from a rare photograph of the poet taken about 1855, and the opening article takes the reader in and about the New England country, which inspired so much of Whittier's poetry, and is so associated with him as a man. It is by William Sloane Kennedy, whose monograph of Whittier was so well received. Another article deals with Whittjer as Poet and Man, and is by Frances C. Sparhawk. Allen Eastman Cross contributes a line poem, 'The Passing of Whittier.' Mr. Edwin D. Mead, the chief editor of the magazine, deals with Whittier's life, work and influence in his Editor's Table. The articles are finely illustrated throughout. Al-modad, or Life Scenes beyond the Polar Circumflex Al-modad, or Life Scenes beyond the Polar Circumflex, is a work just issued from the press, at Shell Bank, La. It is a Religio-scientiflc solution of the Prob lems of present and future life, and contains some 200 pages. Published by M. Louisa Moore and M. Beauchamp. Paper Covers. 75 cts. Cloth, $1.00. Every-Day Biography Every-Day Biography. Containing a collection of nearly 1400 brief Biographies, arranged for Every Day in the Year, as a Reference for the Teacher, Student, Chautauquan, and Home Circles. By Amelia J. Calver. A large handsome vol., nearly 400 pages, handsomely bound; price, $1.50. 'Every-Day Biography,' is an outgrowth of the increasing popularity of observing the birthdays of noted people. Nearly 1500 names are here found, representing sovereigns, rulers, statesmen, founders of colleges, institutions, etc., besides pioneers in every art, science, and profession. To Chautauquans it will prove invaluable, since every week will bring some name to mind prominent in that universal study. This work will be found a valuable addition to any library or collection of books. Agents wanted to introduce this, and take orders for it. Sent by mail, postpaid, on receipt of price, $1.50. Address, F0WLEK &amp; WELL'S 00., 775 BK0ADWAY, New York. HYMNS AND ANTHEMS FOR THE HOUR of WORSHIP HYMNS AND ANTHEMS FOR THE HOUR of WORSHIP. The above is on the title page of a beautiful book of 144 pages just issued from the press at East Canterbury, N. H. Containing as it does some of the inspirational thought of the gospel of Christ, it will be in direct harmony with those who love to do good. Price, 50 cts. &amp; 7 cts. postage. Address, H. C. Blinn, East Canterbury, N. H. A SUMMARY VIEW OF THE MILLENNIAL CHURCH A SUMMARY VIEW OF THE MILLENNIAL CHURCH, OR 'United Society of Believers' It treats of the Rise and Progress of the Society, together with the general Principles of the Faith and Testimony. Price 50 cts. BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH OF DANIEL FRASER Of the SHAKER COMMUNITY, of Mount Lebanon, N.Y BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH OF DANIEL FRASER Of the SHAKER COMMUNITY, of Mount Lebanon, N. Y. o By Catherine Allen. Price, 10. THE TESTIMONY OF CHRIST'S SECOND APPEARING THE TESTIMONY OF CHEIST'S SECOND APPEARING. Exemplified by the Principles and Practices of the true CHURCH of CHRIST A History of the progressive work of God, extending from the Creation of man to the 'HARVEST,' comprising tjie Four Dispensations now consummating in the MILLENNIAL CHURCH. Price, $1.50 'INTERPRETING PROPHECY' AND THE 'Appearing of Christ,' 'INTERPRETING PROPHECY' AND THE 'Appearing of Christ,' is the title of a neat little pamphlet of some forty pages, just sent out by A. G. Holljster of Mount Lebanon, N. Y. The many at the present time who are interested in the fulfillment of prophecy and in its mathematical calculation, will find themselves by the side of the good old prophet Daniel, and with him illustrating the Coming of Christ so clearly that no occasion can arise for the least doubt. Price, 10 cts A Shaker's Answer A Shaker's Answer to the oft-repeated question, 'what will become of the World if all become Shakers?' Price 10 cts. OF The Birds of North America A WONDERFUL WORK. The Good Citizen. 'The Birds of North America.' A magnificent imperial quarto volume. Contains ONE HUNDRED AND NINETEEN engraved plates, representing all our birds, colored from nature, including a reliable and interesting account of their habits and characteristics. Edition limited to 1,000. Subscribe early and secure a copy tor the holidays. The work is sold to subscribers, bound handsomely and substantially, at following net prices; fine Russia Seal, or Turkey Morocco half bindings, gold gilt edges $40.00; full bindings, same materials, $45.00 ENCOMIUMS FE0M THE PEESS. 'A superb Work.'Publisher's Weekly. 'A great work.'National Teacher'A magnificent Ornithological Work.'TurfField and Farm. 'It is one of the most ambitious publications ever attempted in this country or abroad.' Cleveland Leader. 'It is a marvel of beauty and excellence.' Ohio State Journal. '&gt;'o work evincing such perfect care and finish, at such a reasonable rate, has ever been published either in this country or abroad.' Inter-Ocean, Chicago. COMMENDED BY THE HIGHEST AUTH0KITY. From Ex-President Hayes: 'It is a valuable work. I have subscribed for two copies.' Dr. Elliott Coues, author of 'Birds of the North-West,' says: 'It is a really notable work.' Prof. C. J. Maynard, author of the 'Birds of Eastern North America,' says; 'Contains the best pictures of the species which I have ever seen.' Dr. J. S. Newberry, President Academy of Sciences, says: 'The work is accurately and tastefully prepared, and I take pleasure in recommending it as the most attractive popular exposition of our ornithology yet given to the public.' From Prof. Wm. D. Hornaday, Taxidermist, N. S. National Museum: 'I have carefully compared the figures in 'The Birds of North America,' with those in Audubon's great work, and am free to say that they are more accurate in outline as well as more faithfully colored to nature.' 'A careful examination of this beautiful work has given me much pleasure. Indeed, it is a great gift to those who love the study of Ornithology.' Editor, Manifesto. Samples of plates and text sent to any address on receipt of twenty-five cents in postage stamps. Good active representatives can have steady employment and earn fair compensation by receiving orders for this work with a specimen book furnished on receipt of one dollar by the NATURAL SCIENCE ASSOCIATION, 114 Fifth Ave., New Yokk. The present of a beautiful Printing Press 'Optlmus' lies on our table. A very pretty, glass, 'Paper Weight' from the Babcock Printing Press Co., New London, Conn. Hall's Journal of Health Hall's Journal of Health. Nov. Contents. Fashion; School Cramming; Natural Sleep; 1000 Feet Under Ground; A Human Magnet; Nature Makes Glass; The Insect World; Single Beds; When Forks Came in; The Cigarette Evil; Walking for Health, etc., etc. Office 206 Broadway, N. Y. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. Oct. Contents. Treatment of the Sick; Perils of Childhood; Remedy for Sprains; Flesh Brush; Dietetic Errors; Cholera; Born in a Dungeon; Starving for Food; Griddle Cakes, etc., etc. Dr. T.*V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo, Ind. When a woman of such unquestionably high position in New York society as that occupied by Mrs. Burton Harrison consents to define the best and most careful social laws for girls, our young women can well afford to listen and remember.