THE QUESTIONS OF THE DAY. Catharine Allen. Among all the important themes now agitating the public mind, which calls loudest for immediate attention ? Each bears a relation to all others, but which is the one in which all others centre ? Hark ! to the responses from leaders of various reforms ; and list to the cries of distress coming up from the haunts of poverty and wretchedness! Not there alone ; open the soul-ear as you pass the gilded mansion;listen to the heart-throbs of anguish coming from victims of self-indulgencethe slaves of fashion and of sin ! Each class suffering from this or that effect of one great system of wrong will plead that reformation must Begin by removing those evils from which they are immediate sufferers. Leading minds have become interested, and have formed centres of action around wThich many individual energies have clustered. Behold the valiant bands ! all pressing for victory ; all marching for one goal:Freedom : and each believing that when the giant sin is slain with which they contend, all the lesser ones will soon disappear. As the source of power, all intelligent minds are looking to the government ; therefore the persistent appeals constantly urged by the champions of Woman's Suffrage, International Peace, Social Purity, Prohibition, and the Labor Movement in its various phases, including Single Tax, Free Trade etc. All these are branches of the glorious ' 'Tree of Life whose leaves shall be for the healing of the nations,' and which can only flourish in the soil of liberty, where, unfettered by priestly rule, whether Catholic or Protestant, reason and conscience shall be left free to adapt civil, social and religious institutions to the progressive principle iu human nature. Taking a general outlook of society, we behold gigantic monopolies ;millions piling on millions in the hands of a few.Idleness, luxury, dissipation ! Overwork, poverty, degradation! result of a slavery in the wage system which is the sum of all villainies.' In many avocations we see women and girls receiving for the same work, only half the compensation of men and boys, and while ignorant foreigners, and the very scum of society are invited to our ballot, in one state only, is woman recognized as a citizen; no matter how intelligent or virtuous, her voice must yet be silent, and we blush, yea, burn with indignation when we realize the shameful servitude to which man's law subjects her in social relations, where she has no legal claim to her own person, property or children. We see misery entailed on the souls and bodies of millions by these twin vices,liquor and tobacco.Insanity, pauperism and crime on the increase, and heavy taxes wrung from the poor for the support of an army and navy; their use, the distraction of life, property, virtue and happiness ! Strange fruits of more than a century's Republicanism in aland of abundance and age of invention, with the privileges of free speech, and free press and free schools !A grave mistake somewhere; can we discover it? First, who planned the Constitution and its laws? Men. Who have been its executors from first to last, in Senate and in House? Men. They have framed all our laws, have mended and amended them as they have thought proper, and what wonder? for ages back they had exercised sole authority in all offices of Church, quite unmindful of the fact that God had said 'Let us create man in our own image.' ' 'Male and female created He them ;' and also that every atom of the universe, from mineral ore to burning star includes, and is controlled by, dual forces. Men have conceived, (we might say created) a God in their own image, ex- clusively masculine. Men only have recorded and revised those portions of history which they decided contained the inspired 'Word of God. From that 'infallible Word' they have formulated creeds and religions (?) factions numbering hundreds. Their concepts of Deity, future rewards and punishments, etc., have been so revolting to both reason and affection, that to maintain them, the blood of opposers has been caused to stream down the isles of churches, and in 'holy wars' multitudes have been slain in defence of the teachings of the meek and lowly Prince of Peace! Then, when might had conquered and decided who and what God was, and how his Word was to be interpreted, these opinions were forced upon all who had not the courage to endure the agonies of dungeon, rack and stake. The Church usurped all offices of State. Darkest ignorance prevailed, and gross superstition branded its seal upon the forehead of progression. Such have been the fruits of institutions where only the 'incomplete masculine mind' has had control. But the oracles of God have been more deeply graven in the hearts of his children than the laws of men. No human power has been able to crush out the image of the Divine. Slowly the burden of the ages has been lifting. The tyranny and midnight darkness of priestly rule was broken by those powerful forces that brought forth the Reformation, and which, later, found fuller and more emphatic expression in the 'Declaration of Independence,' separating Church and State, and proclaiming liberty of conscience as the right and privilege of all. Those noble patriots whose hands were moved to write that immortal document, had cast prophetic glances into futurity. They were lifted up to the mount of inspiration, and wrote more wisely than they knew. The people were not then sufficiently progressed to appreciate or accept a pure democracy. Institutions however free and just in themselves, cannot emancipate those who are in thrall to superstition and moral ignorance. Before woman could enjoy the privileges which that declaration of rights granted to her as a human being, the laws of custom and public opinion had to be outgrown, with the effects of that false education that had riveted itself upon her religious nature, teaching her that as the 'author of evil' she must make atonement through a life of suffering ;that, possessing no rights in and of herself, she must ever be the subordinate of man, in church, in state, and in social relations ;his toy or drudge ;the victim of his caprice, the slave to his passions ! But thank God the chaff of ecclesiastical authority is being separated from the wheat of divine truth, preparing the way for the manifestation of the maternal Spirit in Deity, which is now brooding over the daughters of earth. The breezes of a new inspiration has swept over their souls, fanning to flame those divine energies which have smouldered through centuries of oppression and wrong. To-day woman is exerting a powerful influence for the redemption of the race. She pleads for justice. Heed her cries, for her cause is man's cause. Every obstacle placed in the path of woman's progress, impedes man in the same degree. The history of ages past has taught us, that the theology of a people bears the most potent influence in the framing of civil government, therefore we are confident that when that grand central truth becomes more widely taught and appreciatedthat God is Dual, that in Him as an all-wise Father and loving Mother, we have a full parentage, then this very natural and beautiful concept of Deity will find reflex in our government, remolding its laws and customs in harmony therewith. Then shall woman be recognized as the co-equal and necessary helper of man in all the relations of life, beginning with the sacred rights of her own being,extending to the highest offices of Church and of State. Not that woman's sphere shall ever be man's sphere; God has marked as unmistakable distinctions in her mentai, as in her physical structure, but, as Horace Mann expressed it, each having an appointed 'hemisphere, together make a sphere;'a completeness. When woman helps to frame the laws by which she is governed, the blackened waters of sensuality and intemperance will give place to the crystal river of purity and peace, which shall roll as a cleansing tide throughout all the avenues of society. Those vital forces which are now being so terribly dissipated, will be conserved, giving energy, self-control and strength of will under the guidance of those higher attributes of being, through which the divine spirit can operate, combining wisdom and love in lawTs of equality that shall confer upon every one an equal inheritance to the natural resources of the country, the advantages of a transportation system free from monopoly, and the means of enjoyment in proportion to the service rendered to society. With such a system, all phases of the labor question will be forever settled, and the conditions of peace made permanent. To prove the validity of the premises here taken, we refer the reader to the social purity, peace, temperance and general prosperity of the Society of Friends or Quakers whose obedience to the ' 'light within' endued them wyith so much wisdom and simple justice that, with them, the equality of the sexes was never questioned. Again to the Shaker order (progressed Quakers,) who are 'Believers' that the Christ Spirit which descended upon Jesus, representing through him the Fatherhood of God, as truly baptized Ann Lee, teaching the Divine Motherhood. The fruits of her revelations have been manifest for more than a century in a people who have most emphatically recognized the equality of woman with man, and wiio, though numbering many hundreds, have so far removed the causes of evil from among themselves, that there has never yet been an occasion to call upon a civil magistrate for the adjustment of any difficulties arising writhin their Societies. Thankfully, but not boastfully we are able to show that all the fragmentary reforms of the outside world to-day, find in our home a living centre, where they are embodied as a whole in daily, practical oxperience; therefore in answer to the question which opens this article, we feel confidence in saying that the Woman question is the one which, at the present time comprehends all others, and should be urged and pressed with the concentrated efforts of all reformers. As a people we are rejoicing in liberties unknown to the struggling masses, and though called to be toilers in the inner courts of the great temple of humanity, our souls go forth in sympathy, blessing and love to all workers of righteousness. We view the present as a transition period between old and new institutions. Beyond the storm we see the tokens of a brighter day. Behold the gleaming bow whereon is written this glorious prophecy;'Emancipation for all, of body and of soul!' Mount Lebanon, N. Y.