Correspondence. AN OPEN LETTER. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Oct. 18-92. Alonzo T. Jones, Editor 'American Sentinel,' Respected Friend :Enclosed please find an article on the 'Sabbaths.' If you can make use of it, it is at your disposal; if not no harm done. I should like to know more about you. You are no ordinary man. Your history would be instructive. Have you not sometime been in connection with the Shaker Order? I can not understand, otherwise, how it is you are so logically clear in your theological ideas. You are also a prophet. What will be the end and limit of Church and State union? And how long will it last? have you ever seen 'Christ's Second Appearing?' Or any Shaker publications ? You are on the right track. You stand 'Stiffly' for principle, regardless of men and women. When you state that, after appealing in vain to the courts and the Constitution, you now appeal to God, as the last resort, you hit the nail right on the head.That appeal will not be in vain. This nation is destined to be the New Earth,and Shakerism will be the New Heavens. That will be the Millennium! In the New Earth, the truths pertaining to the propagative order, advocated by Moses, and by the reformers of all ages and nations, will be reduced to practice-be the law. And the truths seen by the prophet of all ages pertaining to the Resurrection-(Spiritual Order of Shakerism) will be in practical operation. Great Babylonmixture-will be divided into 'three parts ;' the generative order,married men and women ; the Resurrection Order, who are celibates, neither marrying or being given in marriage ; and Intellectual Celibates, men and women who will fill all the offices in the New Earth. These three orders will constitute the long expected millennium. In it, the knowledge of the Lord-Truth-will cover the New Earth and fill the New Heavens, as the waters cover the sea. Truly yours, F. W. Evans. Elder Henry, Dear Brother:--The Oct. Manifesto came to me laden... Milton, Or. Oct. 9. 1892. Elder Henry, Dear Brother : The Oct. Manifesto came to me laden with precious food. It is, indeed, this to the soul seeking righteousness by self-denial in a pure, or virgin life. The article by Br. A. G-. H. is a store of itself, also the article by our late Br. H. L. E. which cannot be set aside nor refuted. In fact every article in the October number breathes forth the inspiration of God to my soul, and to any soul sick of a sinful life. Jesus in speaking to his disciples, said: 'If a man will come after me, let him deny himself, take up his cross and follow me.' This is laid down as a criterion for each one of us, hence, I feel it a duty incumbent upon me, to take this line of life in a practical sense, in order to be entitled to an inheritance in the kingdom of Christ. Experience teaches that every victory gained over a depraved nature, brings us nearer to God. Light comes into the soul which will dispel all darkness, and the apostle instructs us to 'have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.' As I have not the opportunity of bearing a public testimony with my Brethren and Sisters in the hour of worship, yet I testify that I pledge myself to live in conformity to the Christ life, as now manifest in a Shaker life, and to this end I earnestly solicit your prayers. Your Brother, Wm. W. Bellmire. Our beloved Elder Abraham has just passed his eighty-fifth birthday... [Our beloved Elder Abraham has just passed his eighty-fifth birthday and we find among the many other good things which he has written, this beautiful letter which we deem so valuable that we think it will prove interesting to many others. E. G.] Enfield, N. H., Oct. 26, 1892. Mt Beloved Daughter:During my late visit among friends at Canterbury, I was favored with a very kind, affectionate note (and I think I may be tolerated in the expression) dutiful letter from my daughter Edith. For such lovely and loving remembrances, you ever have my most grateful feelings. Embraced in your beautiful missive, I was particularly impressed with the following saintly lines : ' 'I wish ever to be one of that number who is able to bear the gospel testimony to my own soul.' This ability alone constitutes the saint; and no soul can ever reach a spiritual baptism or the abodes of the just made perfect, short of a discipline ministered from within, and bearing from one's own hand the rod of correction. Jesus said,'No man can come to me, except the Father who hath sent me draw him.' The first moving power of the soul is from above. Convictions of sin and whisperings of conscience, reminding us of waywardness and short-comings, are the drawings of the Father. These, unheeded and neglected, shut out his spirit, harden the soul, and produce barrenness, dearth and death. Souls may be wonderfully illuminated with beams of light from heaven, and yet, by giving place to pride and worldliness, will find their houses empty, swept and garnished. They then take upon themselves other spirits more 'wicked than the former, that will enter and dwell there. You will expect me to tell you what course in life I have found safe and fruitful in blessing in my experience. As in nature, we could have no existence aside from the co-operation of and descent from natural parents, neither can we in the spirit have an existence, unless spiritually begotten and having spiritual parents to lead, guide and teach us. In submitting to a guiding hand in earthern vessels it demands some sacrifice and the staining of worldly pride. What to-day is urbane and respectful in humanity comes through mortals by force of education. Man is enlightened, civilized and christianized only through human agency, by the inspiration of heaven. Therefore, to assume independence, to stand aloof from that channel which is the order of the All-wise for human progress, to admit no light only what is revealed through our own brain is an obstacle to our happiness and impedes growth in good manners, in morals and in religion. The gates of heaven are open to you. By force of will and works of conscience, keep them open. Listen to the voice within, which tells you, not for once disregard the counsel of your spiritual teachers, or say nay to any gospel requirement, care or burden presented as your lot, for the price of your soul. This, Edith has been my principle and my course for years. From it, has come my salvation, a blessing and treasure so rich, so valuable, that rather than lose it, I would sacrifice my natural life. This with cheerfulness 1 recommend to my daughter, as my living and dying words, presenting herewith my everlasting love and blessing. Yours kindly and affectionately, Abraham Perkins.