NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. October. Thermometer. Rain. 1891. 41.41 2.22 in. 1892. 47.65 1.25 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 68. Lowest ' ' ' ' 30. Number of rainy days ' ' 1 C. G. E. 3NTortli Family. Nov. 1892. 'What solemn feelings rise . And flow through every sense; Who can behold without surprise The passing great events.' We certainly are living in very extraordinary times, and a mighty revolution is upon us. The conditions are upon us that will try men's souls and women's too. Every thing, external and internal, is calling for energy, and the consecration of our best talents. No time to waste in idle dreaming or vain speculation. The revelation of truth, and a practical application of it to every-day life is the only thing that will save from sin and bring the kingdom of righteousness in the earth. They that do right are righteous: those who compromise with the right for expedience, or worldly advantage, are heaping up fuel that will burn only to their discomfort. Let us be careful, watchful, and prayerful. The year is drawing to a close. I wish all my gospel friends a healthy, temperate thanksgiving, a truly pentecostal Christmas and a New Tear filled with the glory of God's summer that has passed and the harvest that has ended. We have many things to be thankful for, a few to regret, which in the coming year we hope to improve; and some bright hopes that fill our souls with courage and determination to work more faithfully in the vineyard of the Lord, and bring about that good thing which will make this earth a paradise, and thus fulfill the prayer of the Savior. We have our Separator set up, and in fine working order. We obtained a fourteen inch Motor of our Koreshan friends, set it up temporarily to prove it on the Separator, and found we had more than double the power we needed. Having a twenty-two inch Backus Motor to drive our sewing machines, and it not giving us quite as much power as we wanted, we took it out and set up the Teed Motor, and found to our surprise that the fourteen inch Teed Motor gave us more power than the twenty-two inch Backus, with the same size stream of water, and the same pressure. The size jet used in both wheels is three eighths of an inch under about sixty pounds pressure. D. O. Watervliet, N. Y. Second ITamily. Nov. 1892. It is now Nov. 10, and the beautiful fall weather that has been so universal throughout the country has been ours to enjoy up to present date. To-day instead of green grass that was just beginning to assume a sombre hue, a mantle of snow is seen and we realize that the first snow of the season in this section has fallen. But as our crops are secured, and we have a goodly store, we are not wholly unprepared for the cold weather should it abide with us. Our gospel kindred from Groveland, are moving to this Society as fast as consistent. A company of six Sisters and two Brethren arrived here on the 31st. ult. and were warmly welcomed by our good Ministry and the Brethren and Sisters. Elder Joseph in our first gathering with them welcomed them to our home, now their home. Eldress Harriet said that Believers should be one, no north, south, east or west, but all should be as one great family of Christ and Mother. Eldress Augusta also made them welcome in her mild and pleasant manner, and with these remarks, the Elders, Brethren and Sisters were united. May they be welcomed in the full sense of the word, for we feel that we have added to our numbers, spiritual strength, and may we grow and increase in all that tends to eradicate selfishness, and bind us together as the 'heart of one.' Health of Society good. Br. Chauncy Miller is still improving in health for which we are thankful, as he has been and still is a bright star in our temporal and spiritual firmament. t 'West Pittsfield, Mass. Nov. 5, 1892. Foe three days it has drizzled, with a smart'shower at long intervals to vary the monotony. Once the sun really peeped out, but was evidently disheartened by the general dreariness of the aspect, as it soon disappeared, swallowed up in a big, black cloud. We made some philosophical reflections on the fleeting nature of all earthly things. As we picked our way along the muddy street, swaying umbrella in hand, we were grateful that the sunshine of our lives was not wholly dependent upon atmospheric conditions. Nay, we have within ourselves every element necessary for a firstclass 'Sunshine Factory,' and we may keep a supply in reserve, to use when the elements without are not propitious. The rain may be very much needed to replenish the springs, as water, in most streams and lakes in our vicinity is quite low. It is said that the water in Pontoosuc Lake was never so low. This lake is about two miles north of Pittsfield. Its banks are shaded by pine trees, and throughout the summer a steamer and many row-boats are in constant requisition, as it is the pleasure seekers favorite resort. We had excellent weather in which to gather the crops. Apples prove to be more abundant than was expected at first; potatoes also are very good in quantity and quality. We were somewhat alarmed about ten days ago at seeing flames rising in the woods north of us. All who were able hastened to assist in putting out the fire, but in spite of vigorous efforts, it continued to burn for several days until quenched by the rain. Br. Ira says it burned a section of nearly fifty acres, but thinks no great damage was done, as it did not burn so deeply as to injure the growth of the trees. A fresh coat of paint on some of the buildings at Second Family makes them brighter and more home-like. The discovery of this great and beautiful land was honored by our scholars with appropriate exercises. Our neighboring city, Pittsfield, carried to a successful close quite an interesting programme. About thirty business men had floats in the Grand Parade of the day to exhibit their varied kinds of goods. At the solicitation of the Committee of Arrangements Br. Ira permitted his millers to turn out our mill team and take part with the others. By placing boards across the top of the carriage, a platform was made on which to set a huge mill-stone, the 'sign of the honest miller.' Barrels of flour and bags of corn were open to show their contents, while polished scales and shovels, added to the beauty of the float. Bunting and flags were profusely used in the decorations. The carriage was drawn by six large horses, and presented a very fine appearance. Others evidently agreed with us, as it was assigned a place at the head of the long line of floats. E. B.