Editorial. Christianity has found, and no doubt to its great sorrow... Christianity has found, and no doubt to its great sorrow, that rnany of its worst enemies were among those who made the strongest profession of allegiance. As unfortunate as this may seem, the history of the church tells the story so plainly that we cannot hesitate in its acceptance. In the eagerness to promote that part which becomes most congenial to the mind, more or less systems were devised and creeds established which have embodied the mystical theology or talks about God, instead of accepting the religious element and striving to make the life of man one of practical righteousness. The study of Christianity through its theology, has sadly bewildered the minds of men and has forced upon them more plagues than ever were heard of among the Egyptians. God has been presented to man in every type of character that he has been known in the human race. The narrow-minded, vindictive and selfish teachers have represented a great personal God so much like themselves, in all things, that the 'Creator who is blessed forever,' has been hid from sight by the presence of the Creature. That there should be among men, varied opinions upon these subjects, and an earnest manifestation of this feeling spread before the world, is not in the least, a source of surprise. It is only by the out-pushing of the mind and the entering into that state which permits one ' 'to grow in favor with both God and man,' that better and clearer gifts of the Spirit can be accepted and appropriated for the advancing and developing of the life of mankind. Men to live aright must think, and the thinking must culminate in action. Rays of light from the spirit of God must make them living, thinking, active beings, who are placed on this earth with a mission of 'good news and glad tidings.' In this they recognize the hand of God and become of one faith to wTork out the gift of salvation that is to overshadow the race. No union should be lost on account of the presence of some non-essentials. That an article as the stove may be black to one person, and the same article is said to be white, by another person, is not a case of heresy, nor an error of the heart, but simply a defect in a very small phrenological faculty. The variations of opinion which occurred in the minds of the apostles while in Galatia, creates no thought of wonder in our mind. It was the out-flowing of conditions that had been generated in those earnest workers. It was the active manifestation of the position which they occupied at the time, as may be instanced in the meeting of Peter and Paul. Unfortunately, however, this was the triumph of modern Christianity, if triumph it may be called, of wrong over right, and aided essentially, in extinguishing the beautiful light of the gospel of peace, that was through the life of Jesus, placed before the world. It was timidity in the one who desired the peace of the church above all things. 'Blessed are the peacemakers,' was the life of his soul, wThile the other apostle so determined on evangelizing the Gentiles, forced his language beyond the bounds of propriety, and ultimately gained his point. No one will presume to say that the apostles were bad men. They saw Christianity through differently colored glasses and each contended that he was right. 'Agree to disagree, but keep your union,' is the Shaker rule, and this no doubt, wTas the course adopted by Peter and Paul. They were earnest in their mission for the church of Christ, as they had accepted that mission. It was their only hope of salvation for a lost world. At an earlier date the divine Teacher, in his overflowing kindness for poor humanity had made this charitable remark:'All men cannot receive this saying,' they are not prepared; they do not comprehend its import. To deny themselves and take up the cross of Christ was a lesson they had not learned. Paul accepted the fellowship of the Church, in a way of his own, and quite different from the twelve disciples. He could however, say of himself, 'I was not a whit behind the chiefest apostles.' To him the salvation of the lost sheep of the house of Israel was a secondary matter. He had arranged for a great spiritual work and would save all men. Large plans were projected and much skill displayed in the general management. Of Jesus it had been said, 'He shall save his people from their sins ;' but Paul would save them from their sins, if consistent, but if not he would save them in their sins, and this descending from the cross was the opening of a dark day for Christianity, as it was soon called to cover the world, the flesh and the devil, with its ecclesiastical cloak, as may be seen in the world to-day. Good and earnest men, who are contending for more light in their pathway toward God, are all around us, with their specialities of good gifts. God bless their efforts to make the world better. And should we go out after the 'Lo, here, and Lo, there,' contrary to the admonition of our divine Teacher, would it not be well to bear in mind the foundation upon which we should stand. 'Hold fast that which thou hast gained, let no man take thy crown.'