THE POET WHITTIER. Cecelia De Vere. He was the wonder of his peers If peers in aught but age they were; Those friends who watched his rolling years As desert travelers watch a star. They on the dusty, heated plain Or 'neaththe palm trees cooling shade Spoke of his hearts ennobling strain, His words of light that could not fade; And marveled that when war was red, His pen undaunted by its breath Crept through the lines, till slavery dread Was reached, unveiled and pierced to death. They knew he had a poet's eyes To penetrate each opaque cloud, And see the hidden prospects rise That mists of coming day enshroud. A royal gift, a sage's mind, Whose realms of thought, O who could trace, It held the truths that angels find, He set them forth with hallowed grace. A poet's spirit more than these They recognized with joy and pride, And felt that nature's sacred keys In love to him she did confide. And yet they said his austere school Had wrought for him its meed of harm, Nor deemed that gentle Quaker rule Gave to his life that nameless charm. They had the world's unbounded scope, Its hights, its depths, its utmost rim, Uuhampered fancy, flashing hope, But not the substance found by him, The fear which is the love of God, The bond which is the Golden Eule, The Holy Spirit deep and broad, Form not for souls an austere school. Beligion never was a creed, It is from heaven, a deathless flame, A quickening pulse, a living seed, In every age and clime the same. We, sheltered in our Zion home, Guess dimly at the bitter strife, Where raging billows lashed to foam Mark progress to a better life. We bless the workers of the world Who toil amid the breakers roar, With bright 'Excelsior' unfurled And compass pointing to the shore. To him who in the darkened hour Still raised the lily as a sign, That right and purity had power Which must be pledged in heavenly wine. Our Whittier, may we make the claim, When he his world-wide feelings gave To hold man's brotherhood the same From reigning potentate to slave. Unselfish, universal good From us, from him, uncramped must flow, Till nations in one sisterhood Shall kinship and its blessing know. Oft when the beacon fires we feed, Or lamps of faith revive and fill, We feel the earth's'great pressing need And God's great loving, saving will. Above is Revelation's star, That heralds the advancing sun, Beneath whose glory near and far That saving will shall yet be done. And as we climb the path of right Our spirit's journey not alone, Nor doubt we that the mountain's height Is God's Eternal Throne. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.