TWO VIEWS OF LIFE, or the LIVING and DYING. [Contributed, by Genevieve DeGraw.J Two men stood upon the bank of a river. On the head of one of them the hoary frost of years had gathered. The other exulted in the vigor of early manhood. The older was in the act of disrobing, preparatory to entering a small canoe, that was to bear him across a wide expanse of waters, to a shore but dimly seen in the distance. He paused for a moment, and turned to his companion; 'Farewell!' said he, as he affectionately pressed the hand of the other. 'We must part for a short season; but it will only be a very brief parting; for you know you are soon to follow me to the land whither I am going.' Tears gathered in the eyes of the younger. 'We shall miss you much, my friend and father,' said he. 'We shall miss much the arm that has helped us so often across the sloughs of the valley, and up the rugged hills over which we have traveled together.' 'He who conducts himself aright,' replied the old man, 'will never want for an arm to support him and help him through all the difficulties of life, arms far more powerful than mine will uphold him in all his ways.' 'But, father, it is a very pleasant land you are leaving,' said the younger. 'A land of clouds and storms,' replied the other. 'A land that yields many a beautiful flower,' continued the younger. 'And many a prickly thorn,' added the older. 'Sweet is the murmur of its rills, and refreshing are its gentle dews and its vernal showers.' 'And harsh and loud is the roar of the cataracts, and wide the desolation of its sweeping floods.' 'You will leave behind you, father, many a faithful and affectionate friend.' 'And many a wily and vindictive foe.' 'Those friends will bewail your absence.' 'And those foes will rejoice at my departure.' 'Many shall pluck fruit from trees of your planting and bless you.' 'Many shall tread upon the thorns of my strewing and curse me.' 'You leave behind you many a proud monument that will perpetuate the memory of your wisdom and virtue.' The old man heaved a sigh, as he replied: 'They will perpetuate the remembrance of my folly and infirmities.' 'To cheer you in this solemn parting hour, turn father, and take a last look at those monuments; and listen to the sounds of admiration that come from the crowd who are surveying them with delight.' 'Alas!' replied the old man, 'they can afford me no pleasure in the retrospect. They are composed of mouldering materials, and already I see in them signs of decay. As I gaze upon them, I fancy, too that I hear issuing from the midst of them sounds that are far from cheering to my heart. They seem to be sighs of murdered moments, and the groaning of souls that perished while I was amusing myself with the erection of those frail and perishing monuments.' 'Look then at the beautiful mansion you are leaving. Many a happy scene have you witnessed beneath its roof.' 'And many a painful scene of sorrow and suffering.' 'Many a joyful echo has reverberated within its walls.' 'And many a wail of woe.' 'Of many a good deed have those walls been witnesses.' 'And of many, very many an evil one.' 'Consider, father, the hoarded treasures within them, and the costly raiments that hang around the apartments you have left.' 'Those treasures have been too highly prized, and the value of those raiments have been overestimated. Already the gold is cankered and the raiments motheaten. Look at this little boat. Not a particle of those treasures, not a thread of those raiments, can I take with me into it.' So saying, he began to divest himself of the robe which was wrapped loosely around his frame. 'Stop father,' said the younger, 'Do not cast aside your robe, chilly are the waters over which you are about to pass.' 'More chilly is the land I am leaving,' replied the old man. 'Kaimentless came I into this world, and raimentless shall I return thither; for we brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out.' He threw off his robe and stepped into the boat. It darted from the shore. A dark mist arose behind it. The younger man stood for a moment gazing on the mist; but his vision could not penetrate it. The form of his old friend was hid forever from his view. He dashed a tear from his eye, and turned away, a more thoughtful man than he had ever before been. Selected.