MODESTY. Mabel E. Lane. 'I saw an angel in the moenlight shade, A wreath of lilies on her brow was laid, Upon her breast a pearl of snow-white hue, Within her hand a bunch of violets blue. I cried in rapture, 'who, o# who is she,' A passing zephyr whispered,Modesty.' The beautiful picture this stanza, brings before my mind shows me the loveliness, the purity of this noble virtue ; modesty is not only appropriate in childhood, but it is the ornament of every period in life, and I desire that the folds of its mantle may ever fall around me, and its sweet substance develop in my spirit. Far more than personal beauty or the riches and treasures of the world, do I choose the modest mien, the quiet demeanor of a purely cultured and refined character. There are those who may have all that would please in a sensuous way, who, if they are talented and accomplished and situated in the midst of luxury may appear attractive and please for the time, but ah! what a blighted hope, wiiose misfortune it is to be bereft of this humble goodness which far outweighs the merit of greatness or glitter. Surely a youth who possesses the gentle and reverent heart, clothed in a 'garment of meekness which is woven of pure thoughts and chaste desires,' is greatly preferred. It seems that where modesty abides in the heart there is no space for the baser elements of pride and contempt, that even when we receive injuries we are not offended, or, if revenge is exhibited, the Christian does not retaliate ; indeed, it may be compared to some of the sweetest flow'ers, which when trampled upon yield sweet fragrance. This brings to mind an incident I read concerning Plato, the eminent Grecian philosopher. He was a man remarfable for learning and virtue ; for his refined and modest manner and the innocency of his life. He one day invited, Diogenes, the Cynic, and some Sicilians, his friends, to supper, and caused the banquet room to be adorned in respect to his guests. Diogenes, displeased with the finery of Plato, began to trample upon the carpets and other goods, and said very brutishly, 'I trample upon the pride of Plato.' But Plato replied, wisely as well as meekly, ' 'True, Diogenes, but thou tramplest upon it through greater pride.' How we admire the humble and wise who strive to keep their virtues in disguise, they are like the beautiful blossoms which send forth their rich perfume long before their beauty is seen. He who is ever boasting of his merits, praising his own works and glorifying his own name, does not recommend himself to others and fails to receive that recognition for which he strives. So may I mold my character. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.