Our beloved Elder Abraham has just passed his eighty-fifth birthday... [Our beloved Elder Abraham has just passed his eighty-fifth birthday and we find among the many other good things which he has written, this beautiful letter which we deem so valuable that we think it will prove interesting to many others. E. G.] Enfield, N. H., Oct. 26, 1892. Mt Beloved Daughter:During my late visit among friends at Canterbury, I was favored with a very kind, affectionate note (and I think I may be tolerated in the expression) dutiful letter from my daughter Edith. For such lovely and loving remembrances, you ever have my most grateful feelings. Embraced in your beautiful missive, I was particularly impressed with the following saintly lines : ' 'I wish ever to be one of that number who is able to bear the gospel testimony to my own soul.' This ability alone constitutes the saint; and no soul can ever reach a spiritual baptism or the abodes of the just made perfect, short of a discipline ministered from within, and bearing from one's own hand the rod of correction. Jesus said,'No man can come to me, except the Father who hath sent me draw him.' The first moving power of the soul is from above. Convictions of sin and whisperings of conscience, reminding us of waywardness and short-comings, are the drawings of the Father. These, unheeded and neglected, shut out his spirit, harden the soul, and produce barrenness, dearth and death. Souls may be wonderfully illuminated with beams of light from heaven, and yet, by giving place to pride and worldliness, will find their houses empty, swept and garnished. They then take upon themselves other spirits more 'wicked than the former, that will enter and dwell there. You will expect me to tell you what course in life I have found safe and fruitful in blessing in my experience. As in nature, we could have no existence aside from the co-operation of and descent from natural parents, neither can we in the spirit have an existence, unless spiritually begotten and having spiritual parents to lead, guide and teach us. In submitting to a guiding hand in earthern vessels it demands some sacrifice and the staining of worldly pride. What to-day is urbane and respectful in humanity comes through mortals by force of education. Man is enlightened, civilized and christianized only through human agency, by the inspiration of heaven. Therefore, to assume independence, to stand aloof from that channel which is the order of the All-wise for human progress, to admit no light only what is revealed through our own brain is an obstacle to our happiness and impedes growth in good manners, in morals and in religion. The gates of heaven are open to you. By force of will and works of conscience, keep them open. Listen to the voice within, which tells you, not for once disregard the counsel of your spiritual teachers, or say nay to any gospel requirement, care or burden presented as your lot, for the price of your soul. This, Edith has been my principle and my course for years. From it, has come my salvation, a blessing and treasure so rich, so valuable, that rather than lose it, I would sacrifice my natural life. This with cheerfulness 1 recommend to my daughter, as my living and dying words, presenting herewith my everlasting love and blessing. Yours kindly and affectionately, Abraham Perkins.