Books and Papers. The 'World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated THE COLUMBIAN EXPOSITION. The 'World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated' had the honor to be appointed the official photographer of the dedication civic and military parades. As a result the November issue is replete with rich copperplate illustrations showing prominent portions of the great celebration. Among the views are General Miles and U. S. Regulars, Vice-President Morton, Ex-President Hayes, Foreign Diplomats, Connecticut Guards, Illinois National Guards, Governor Fif er, as they appeared in the processions, large view of reviewing stand, photographic view of interior of Manufactures Building during dedication; and among other plates is the Vermont State P.uilding, the Governor of the State, also Norway Building. A large photograph of Mrs. John A. Logan makes the frontispiece. The great orations delivered on the occasion and the addresses of the Exposition officials are given in full. The Woman's Department is full of interesting information, and also contains Mrs. Potter Palmer's dedicatory oration. This paper is making the only authentic History of the Exposition, and will form a complete guide to all visiting the Fair. In short, the November number is a rich recapitulation, in words and picture, of the dedication of the Fair. One issue alone of this paper is worth a year's subscription. Single copies, 25 cts. Address, J. B. Campbell, Publisher, 159 Adams St., Chicago, 111. Phrenological Journal and Science of Health We find the Phrenological Journal and Science of Health up to date in its consideration of current events. For instance, The Late Arctic Expedition and its commander, Lieut. E. E. Peary, receive an appreciative notice with several illustrations. Then follows a sketch of the doings in Chicago, touching the Columbus Exposition; several of the large buildings are given, and a portrait of the President of the Directory, Mr. Higinbothams. A sketch of Mr. Whittier, with excellent portrait follows. The Poet is very popularly termed 'Poet of Freedom.' In the department of practical, mental science, a story of school experience commends itself to the world of teachers, viz: 'Out of Darkness into Light,' and the reflections on the faculty of Sublimity show a nice, critical sense. The essay on Reverence hits the times well, and so does 'An Open Letter' to mothers, which especially shows an exceptional courage in both the writer and the publisher in appealing to the popular common sense with regard to a most important yet most sedulously avoided subject. Dr. Handford discusses health and disease in his usually practical manner, and in the same department is an article on the usefulness of the enema as a preventive or remedy in many diseases. A careful reading of the Notes in Anthropology is advised, as several items of much value are recorded in that department. The best advice is, the whole of this November number of the veteran magazine should be read by all. It is published at $1.50 a year or 15 cents a month. The last three months of this year free to new Mibscribers. Address Fowler &amp; Wells Co., publishers, 25 East 21st Street, New York. Alden's Cyclopedia of History A GREAT POPULAR HISTORY OF THE WORLD. The story of the world's history, is, after all the most interesting and most instructive story which has ever been told. It was probably never better presented, for general reading and reference, than in Alden's Cyclopedia of History, recently published. Every nation of the earth, ancient and modern, is treated in its alphabetical order, excepting, only, the United States, which is to form a separate work. You have ancient history as far back as B. C. 5004 and modern history down to A. D. 1892. All countries are described in their physical aspects, as well as historically, so you have the equivalent of a book of travels round the world. There are many illustrations, none for mere ornament, but all helpful for instruction. Considering the magnitude of the work, its small cost is astonishing. The entire history comprises about 800,000 wordsequivalent, you will find by comparison, to about 10 volumes of ordinary sizeand yet is issued in two handy volumes, in small but clear type, well and handsomely made, and sold in cloth binding for only $1.25 for the set, plus 20 cents for postage, if by mail. For 10 cents the publisher sends post-paid a paper-bound volume of 160 pages, containing the complete history of several nations, by which you can judge of the character of the entire work. Every home ought to have a good Universal History; this is probably the best for general use. The publisher's catalogue of choice books, over 100 pages, a rich feast for book-lovers, is sent postpaid for 2 cents. John B. Alden, Publisher, 57 Rose St., New York.