MEMORIAL MEETING. In honor of J. G. WHITTIER, held by the 'Self-Improvement Society'1'' at North Family, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., Oct. 12, 1892. The seventeen members composing the guild read selections from the good Poet's writings, and original lines either in verse or prose, which are here presented. 'The wrong which pains my soul below, I dare not throne above; I know not of God's hate, I know His goodness and his love.' Only so far as our characters are moulded by the same exalted principles, can we appreciate the beauty and grandeur of a life that has so sweetly expressed itself in songs that have touched the hearts of millions, prompting to purer thoughts and nobler deeds. C. A. 'No task is ill whose hand and brain And skill and strength have equal gain; And each shall each in honor hold, And simple manhood outweigh gold.' Whittier's sense of right and justice, was to him, the greatest gift of God. I. M. L. 'Though dim as yet in tint and line, We trace Thy picture's wise design, And thank Thee that our age supplies The dark relief of sacrifice.' 'Thy will be done!' Not my will but Thine be done thro' me, While willingly I suffer, toil and bear, While oft in lone Gethsemane ascends to Thee, The wafted incense of my soul's deep prayer. M. A. B. 'The eternal eye that sees the whole, May better read the darkened soul, And find to outward sense denied The flower upon its inmost side.' The soul may be thrilled with the songs that were sung While the pulse of the singer was strong, But the echoes of praise which on earth were begun, Still live in the soul of his song. S. J. B. 'The world sits at the feet of Christ, Unknown, blind and unconsoled, And feels the heavenly Alchemist Transform its very dust to gold.' When I heard that the world-renowned and soul-inspired Poet had passed from earth, I impulsively exclaimed, 'It seems as though a near and dear brother of our faith has left us.' Pure and truthful singer, may thy beautiful spirit still inspire, and may others be prompted to pen as sweet and noble thoughts. G-. H. B. 'Henceforth my heart shall sigh no more For olden time and holier shore, God's love and blessings then and there Are now, and here, and everywhere.' The great human family it seems to me is like a garden of varied and beautiful flowers. In the removal of Whittier, our friend and Poet, one of the choicest and purest has been transplanted to the garden of God. L. S. 'No truth from heaven descends upon our sphere, Without the greeting of the skeptic's sneer; Denied and mocked at, 'till its blessings fall Common as dew and sunshine over all.' His heart was filled with heavenly song And love for truth made good his life, To help the right, to conquer wrong He gave his soul in earnest strife. L. S. B. 'Through the harsh noises of our day A low, sweet prelude finds its way, Thro' clouds of doubt and creeds of fear A light is breaking, calm and clear.' Eejoice faint heart, the pulsing air is teeming With prophecy of truth's eternal good. The midnight wanes, the morning light is gleaming, And God and man are better understood. A. E. S. 'The path of life we walk to-day Is strange as that the Hebrews trod; We meet the shadowy rock as they, We need like them the guides of God.' A great and good man has 'been removed from the nation's midst, whose power for good came forth from his interior life, and the tender love and justice of his soul. In the sunset of his life glowed the radiance of the higher spheres, giving promise of a bright morning in his new existence. A. L. 'Alone 0 Love ineffable, Thy saving name is given; To turn aside from Thee is hell, To walk with Thee is heaven.' May we walk in the humble path of duty into which we are called, with that integrity of purpose and loyalty to principle, that filled the mind and soul of our loved and honored friend. M. L. B. 'We older children grope our way From dark behind, to dark before, Dear Lord, in Thee the night is day, And there is darkness nevermore.' O thou who lived to comfort, love and bless The human family with thy sympathies, Still let the sunlight of thy cheerfulness ; Shine thro' the branches of life's cypress trees. C. C. V. 'O brother man! fold to thy heart thy brother, [there, Where pity dwells the peace of God is To worship rightly is to love each other, Each smile a hymn, each kindly deed a prayer.' O soulful poet we can not forget thee, On memory's walls thy picture will remain With evergreen and lilies all entwined, Which symbolize thy life so free from stain. J. M. L. ''No offering of my own I have, Nor works my faith to pr &gt;ve, I can but give the gifts he gave, And plead his love for love.' Thy character was moulded by God's will, And noble viitues were outwrought in thee, Thy precious words shall coming ages thrill, Thy life was peace and heavenly purity. B. R. 'As Thou hast made Thy world without Make Thou more fair my world within, Shine through the lingering clouds of doubt, Rebuke its haunting shapes of sin, Till brief or long my granted span Of life, with love to Thee and man: Strike where Thou wilt the hour of rest, But let my last days be the best.' O poet of nature, of home and heart, To thee has come the 'hour of rest;' But evermore thy songs will live And many hearts by them be blest. M. L. 'The solemn joy that soul communion Immortal life reveals, [feels, And human love, its prophecy and sign Interprets love divine.' Thy heart hath throbbed with other hearts When thrilled with hope, with joy or grief, And in sweet symphonies of thought Thy sympathies have found relief. S. B. ' 'Who brooding keeps a wrong in thought Sins much, but greater sin is his, Who, fed and clothed with kindnesses Shall count the holy aims as naught.' Forever round thy name so blest The flame of love shall burn, And many from thy melodies Life's sweetest lessons learn. M. R. Two of Whittier's latest poems were read, after which came the closing eulogy. A circular stand in the center of the room held a large vase of flowers (the last bloom of the season,) encircling it was a wreath twined with myrtle and purple asters. Nature symbolizes truth ; her varied forms and colors are a reflection or expression of spiritual things. Humility, constancy and the royalty of the divine man represented in the character of the sweet-souled poet, whose hallowed memory the world honors and reveres, (and to whom loving tribute has been paid on this occasion) are typified in the mystic language of this simple wreath of Myrtle, one of Mother Earth's clinging children. Despite unfavorable circumstances, it grows and spreads and puts forth its delicate purple blossoms, and fills out the unostentatious beauty of that inherent life that is God given. A choice emblem of self-expression from the esoteric side of existence. We twined this chaplet with willing hands and loving impulse and would on this, the occasion of grateful remembrance lay it reverently at the shrine of unsullied genius, while we ask that his highest thought may yet inspire, and flow through channels worthy to receive it. M. J. A.