Correspondence. AN OPEN LETTER. Mount Lebanon, N. Y. Oct. 18-92. Alonzo T. Jones, Editor 'American Sentinel,' Respected Friend :Enclosed please find an article on the 'Sabbaths.' If you can make use of it, it is at your disposal; if not no harm done. I should like to know more about you. You are no ordinary man. Your history would be instructive. Have you not sometime been in connection with the Shaker Order? I can not understand, otherwise, how it is you are so logically clear in your theological ideas. You are also a prophet. What will be the end and limit of Church and State union? And how long will it last? have you ever seen 'Christ's Second Appearing?' Or any Shaker publications ? You are on the right track. You stand 'Stiffly' for principle, regardless of men and women. When you state that, after appealing in vain to the courts and the Constitution, you now appeal to God, as the last resort, you hit the nail right on the head.That appeal will not be in vain. This nation is destined to be the New Earth,and Shakerism will be the New Heavens. That will be the Millennium! In the New Earth, the truths pertaining to the propagative order, advocated by Moses, and by the reformers of all ages and nations, will be reduced to practice-be the law. And the truths seen by the prophet of all ages pertaining to the Resurrection-(Spiritual Order of Shakerism) will be in practical operation. Great Babylonmixture-will be divided into 'three parts ;' the generative order,married men and women ; the Resurrection Order, who are celibates, neither marrying or being given in marriage ; and Intellectual Celibates, men and women who will fill all the offices in the New Earth. These three orders will constitute the long expected millennium. In it, the knowledge of the Lord-Truth-will cover the New Earth and fill the New Heavens, as the waters cover the sea. Truly yours, F. W. Evans. Elder Henry, Dear Brother:--The Oct. Manifesto came to me laden... Milton, Or. Oct. 9. 1892. Elder Henry, Dear Brother : The Oct. Manifesto came to me laden with precious food. It is, indeed, this to the soul seeking righteousness by self-denial in a pure, or virgin life. The article by Br. A. G-. H. is a store of itself, also the article by our late Br. H. L. E. which cannot be set aside nor refuted. In fact every article in the October number breathes forth the inspiration of God to my soul, and to any soul sick of a sinful life. Jesus in speaking to his disciples, said: 'If a man will come after me, let him deny himself, take up his cross and follow me.' This is laid down as a criterion for each one of us, hence, I feel it a duty incumbent upon me, to take this line of life in a practical sense, in order to be entitled to an inheritance in the kingdom of Christ. Experience teaches that every victory gained over a depraved nature, brings us nearer to God. Light comes into the soul which will dispel all darkness, and the apostle instructs us to 'have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.' As I have not the opportunity of bearing a public testimony with my Brethren and Sisters in the hour of worship, yet I testify that I pledge myself to live in conformity to the Christ life, as now manifest in a Shaker life, and to this end I earnestly solicit your prayers. Your Brother, Wm. W. Bellmire.