Enfield, N. H. Nov. 14, 1892. We think the suggestion made by the good Brother, that we endeavor to make restitution and correct all mistakes before the closing of the year, with a view to making surer progress in the future, wrorthy our acceptance; since we claim to be the followers of Christ, living in unity as brothers and sisters of one household. Some weeks since we were privileged to have with us, beloved Elder Henry C. Blinn from Canterbury, N. H. He came full of hope and courage; his ministrations the same as in former days, exhorting us to look carefully to the interests of our home; earnest to keep unbroken the Covenant we claim as the foundation upon which our Church is established: holding steadfastly to the principles our Parents taught. On the 12th. inst., the Angel Reaper came, taking to his spirit home, our venerable Elder Timothy Randlett of Second Family; a sheaf fully ripened for the harvest; well we know his reward will be abundant blessings for consecrated service. Two of our Sisters, Caroline Whitcher and L. Curtis have just returned from Boston. During their absence they must have exprerienced all the weathers accredited to our New England climate; but happily for them neither tempest of wind nor rain harmed them, so we have only thanks to render to the giver of all good for their preservation. We send kindly thoughts to all our kindred far and near, wishing that health, prosperity and peace be the light and joy of every home. ' J. R. INor-feh. ITamily. Nov. 1892. The forming of 'Home Notes,' for Thanksgiving month floods our minds with vivid scenes of the past as well as present blessings. This prompts us to carol peans of grateful praise to the dispenser of all good gifts for guidance along life's pathway which through graciousness of the Infinite Spirit has been illumed with soulsaving light. May this continue, insomuch that no one who would accept the yoke of Christ shall seek in vain for redeeming wisdom or find us poor in soulwealth. We well know that active veneration develops and sanctifies intellect, the true indicator being broadness of mind and goodness of soul. As constant devotion in spiritual and manual labor garnishes the soul with Christ-like traits, so does constant respect one toward another, prove to be the golden clasp that links soul to soul in true Christianity. No lengthy chronicles can we give of manual duties, harvesting days being over and farming implements housed for the winter. Our Dock root yielded us 5,300 lbs., and of excellent quality. On Nov. 2nd, we had the first snow-fall of the season, a foretelling messenger of what is to be. We can but hope that the wintry winds will not waft to our shores our former unwelcome visitor 'La grippe' unless he has changed his name and character. In closing, we breathe a fervent prayer that our gospel kindred East and West may have a gladsome, prosperous winter season, not forgetting those not of us in faith and life works, for we would 'Scatter seeds of kindness, In another's path to bloom, And fill the hours with gladness, While we wait the harvest home.' G. H. B.