THE TRUE LIFE. Martha J. Anderson. 'In Godin goodwe live and move and have our being.' The God man that is the spiritual,is paramount to the earth-man, the material. To give up all in the pursuit and practice of truth is noble; true, the physical claims our time and attention m a great degree ; but if we gather to give, and make sacrifice the real use of every self-pleasure, then will the hands be emptied but to be filled, and the soul's wealth increased by continual service in a cause that brings ample reward. Our powers should not be turned to accumulating for self, for if 'we live and move and have our being in God,' we must claim a relationship and obligation to all souls. 'Bear ye one another's burdens and thus fulfill the law of Christ'the God-man. The fretful, fevered state of mind engendered by unprofitable strife, the inharmony of erring passions and the sordid greed for gold, mars the peace of human beings and creates unequal conditions of society. Human nature is alike selfish and grasping among all classes ; the poor envy the rich but only wait the opportunity to wield the same sceptre of power and oppression over those less fortunate. Real virtue is doing right, loving justice and dispensing mercy in the midst of perverse and evil tendencies ; but alas ! how few possess it. If genius and talent had unrestricted liberty of action to work for the good of humanity, how would the world be blest! but, the moment a great thought finds expression in practical form, the ghoul of monopoly snatches it from the grasp of its originator and takes all the benefit, so that mankind in general are no better off. The inventor mayhap dies in poverty, and the poor mechanic and sewing girl get no better wages for all the improvements in machinery. Modern civilization with all its boasted prestige, is a gigantic scheme of selfishness, with this improvement on the past, (?)it has more brain, and wit to carry out its diabolical systems of fraud and injustice. Its root and growth are from the animal instincts of the earth-man. The perfect social compact is formed from within, through the action of the higher law, which disannuls the external rule of brute dominion. 'Thou shalt love the Lord, thy God with all thy heart, and thy neighbor as thyself.' Herein is the Divine unselfish idea unfolded, and in no isolated natural family relationships can this be fully accomplished. The laying down of the carnal life solves the mystery, and forms the unity and brotherhood of Christ-inspired souls. 'No man taketh it, (the generative life) from me, but I lay it down of myself.' To consent to die is to enter into the larger life of Pentecostal Communism, 'where no man says of aught he has, it is his own.' We are but stewards of God's bounties which He has blest us with, and have no right to accumulate for selfish purposes. 'God sendeth his rain on the just and the unjust;' so shall regenerate mankind in their beneficent and universal sympathies, seek to ameliorate the conditions that hold humanity in bondage to wrong doing. How many worthy souls have had glimpses of the true life, and in their efforts to consummate the high ideal, have signally failed, for the lack of assistance on the part of those who wanted all the benefits accruing from associated living, without making any of the sacrifices required to sustain such a noble enterprise. The selfish me and mine relation, has not in it the germ of universal love and interest. The divine brotherhood seems yet afar off to the discerning mind, Only as it is developed in the few ascetic Communities that are based on the solid rock of self-denial; but, lofty purpose yet inspires, and many failures may awaken the sanguine to a realization that repeated effort, though abortive, may be salutary in revealing error and convincing the sincere and honest, that in the natural state, man is unable to restrain and curb the selfish propensities, and bring them in subjection to order and discipline in close communal relation. Co-operation alone can be effected on the plane of generation for mutual benefit, in the equal distribution of the gains of industry. The centralization of capital in great business enterprises, gives the few who are shrewd and scheming, power to oppress and crowd to the wall those who are without means to compete in the strife. But the great woe promised in scripture hastens to its consummation, on 'those who add house to house and acre to acre,' robbing the poor of their just right to an inheritance in the earth and making of them wage-slaves. Never before was there such agitation of thought on subjects that pertain to progress and right living ; souls are patiently looking and waiting for the fulfillment of the great hope that has been nurtured through the ages, the brotherhood of man, the perfected blossom of the tree of life. The righteousness of the outer court and the divine unity of the inner spiritual court, shall be related in harmony of action, and just equation in all their associations and relations with one another. Then shall we see the glory of the New Heavens and the New Earth, in which the true life befitting each order shall be perfectly expressed. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.