OUR HEAVENLY MOTHER. Hamilton DeGraw. All hail, bright diadem in the Infinite crown, so long buried in the materiality that has enwrapped the human soul in an almost impenetrable darkness, preventing it from realizing that without Thee, life would be a blank and fade into nothingness, in both the natural and spiritual world. The most sublime and important truths of our being are easily understood and clothed in simple forms, and for this reason are passed by unheeded by the undeveloped, earthly mind, that is looking for a marvelous manifestation of truth, when all around us innumerable signs are manifest that the maternal principle is the most active and important in the unfolding of life, in shaping its destiny, and developing the resources of both soul and body. As the natural wor^d is but the reflex of the spiritual, and in one we see the fact demonstrated that both the male and female element is necessary for life's development; to be so ' 'born of the Spirit,' as to enable the soul to become an heir of eternal life and find an inheritance in the kingdom of heaven, it must have a Mother in its helpless days until it has arrived to the full stature of a son or daughter of God. Father William Lee, in speaking of the 'new birth' and in alluding to his spiritual mother, exclaimed; 'How could I have been born without a Mother.' This sentiment, voices the inmost feelings of every heaven-bound traveler who is seeking the higher illumination, 'how can I be born without a Mother.' Quickened by the inflowing tide of spiritual power that the new dispensation is bringing to mankind, the maternal spirit is asserting its right to dictate in regard to life's development. That theological monster, a triune masculine God so long enthroned in the intellect, has tended to darken the spiritual perceptions. Through the spiritually undeveloped self-asserting force of the masculine mind, the true order and position of the maternal principle has been held in abeyance, subject to the stronger physical forces of man. All governments founded upon the one-sided theory of the intellectual superiority of man are destined to be overthrown. Our boasted civilization of the nineteenth century is being weighed in the balance and is found wanting in the true elements that constitute an enlightened race. Like ancient civilizations of Egypt, Greece and Rome, it is destined to dissolution unless the principles of eternal progress are complied with. The hand writing on the wall has already appeared and the Belshazzars at their feasts are asking in tremulous tones, 'what meaneth all this commotion?' Our civilization of armies and navies, of master and slave, of riches and poverty will be broken and scattered by the powerful strokes of the iconoclast. In this work of the demolition of the old order, woman is taking an active and leading part. The heavenly Bridegroom and Bride have appeared, standing upon the Mount of Divine Love and unity, revealing to the world the true order of life ; and the counsel of peace is between them. The reasoning faculties of man and the intuitional in woman rightly balanced and harmoniously adjusted in the coming cycle of the unfoldment of the race will be the great propelling power that will finally evolve from the discord of the present conditions and possibilities of life as far transcending what they now are, as the brightness of the noonday sun surpasses the twilight of morning. We greet thee Divine Mother, who, with a heart full of love and compassion for thy erring children, turning none away and seeking by the power of thy love to draw them, where they can dwell in the fulness of thy presence and partake of the blessings of thy bountiful store. Sonyea, N. Y.