Books and Papers MR. BEECHER'S UNPRINTED WORDS MR. BEECHER'S UNPRINTED WORDS. The first of the unpublished intiterial by Henry Ward Beecher, recently purchased by The Ladies' Home Journal, will appear in the January issue of that magazine, and presents among other things, the great preacher's hitherto imprinted opinion on 'Wine' Drinking on New Year's Day.' Phrenological Journal and Science of Health We doubt not that the readers of the old Phrenological Journal and Science of Health will be pleased with the December issue, as its contents are replete with thought most pertinent to tlie day. A fine portrait of Tennyson is followed by a rich summary or' the great poet considered as a teacher. Appropriately a very thoughtful sketch of Mrs. Harrison succeeds, entitled, 'The White House Grief.' 'Further Views of the Columbian Exposition' adds to the already longlist of illus- trations of the great structures going up in Jackson Park. 'The Measurement of Skulls or Heads' is practical. So is 'Bicycle Record Making,' with its characteristic drawings. Several good things fill up the department of Practical Phrenology; and allied to that is the excellent report of the Institute Alumni Dinner, with its many really fine speeches by well-known citizens of New York, who thus show their interest in a noble cause. 'Phren- ology in the Schools' deserves universal reading. And do the articles one and all in Child Culture. 'The Therapeutic uses of the Rectal Injection' gives a trustworthy account of a valuable mode of applying water. And 'Some Differences Between Men and Women' will open the eyes, we think, of certain people who seem determined to ignore physiological facts and nature. The editor furnishes an important addition to his series on Systematic Moral Culture that should be copied in all the school publications, and given the widest currency, because of its direct application to the most urgent need of society. This number closes the ninety-third volume and now is a good time to subscribe. The Journal is only 15 cents a number, $1.50 a year, with a bust or chart premium. Address, Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 25 East Twenty-first street, New York. Arthur May Mowry contributes a very suggestive paper on 'How Civil Government is Taught in a New England High School' to the December Xew England Magazine. It will interest teachers, and all those interested in the furtherance of true ideas on good government. A WONDERFUL WORK. The Good Citizen. \ 'The Birds of North America.' A magnificent imperial quarto volume. Contains ONE HUNDRED AND NINETEEN engraved plates, representing all our birds, colored from nature, including a reliable and interesting account of their habits and characteristics. Edition limited to 1,000. Subscribe early and secure a copy for the holidays. The work is sold to subscribers, bound hand- somely and substantially, at following net prices; line Russia Seal, or Turkey Morocco half bindings, gold gilt edges $40.00; full bindings, same material.:, $45.00 ENCOMIUMS PROM TflE PEESS. 'A superb Work.'—Publisher's Weekly. 'A great work.'—National Teacher. 'A magnificent Ornithological Work.'— TurfField and Farm. 'It is one of the most ambitious publications ever attempted in this country or abroad.'— Cleveland Leader. 'It is a marvel of beauty and excellence.'— Ohio State Journal. 'No work evincing such perfect care and fin- ish, at such a reasonable rate, has ever been published either in this country or abroad.' —Inter-Ocean, Chicago. COMMENDED BY THE HIGHEST AUTHORITY. From Ex-President Hayes: 'It is a valuable work. I have subscribed for two copies.' Dr. Elliott Coues, author of 'Birds of the North-West,' says: 'It is a really notable work.' Prof. C. J. Maynard, author of the 'Birds of'Eastern North America,' says; 'Contains the best pictures of the species which I have ever seen.' Dr. J. S. Newberry, President Academy of Sciences, says: 'The work is accurately and tastefully prepared, and I take pleasure in recommending it as the most at- tractive popular exposition of our ornithology yet given to the public.' From Prof. Wm. D. Hornaday, Taxidermist, N. S. National Museum: 'I have carefully compared the figures in 'The Birds of North America,' with those in Audubon's great work, and am free to say that they are more accurate in outline as well as more faithfully colored to nature.' 'A careful examination of this beautiful work has given me much pleasure. Indeed, it is a great gift to those who love the study of Ornithology.' Editor, Manifesto. Samples of plates and text sent to any address on receipt of twenty-five cents in postage stamps. Good active representatives can have steady employment and earn fair compensation by receiving orders for this work with a specimen book furnished on receipt of one dollar by the NATURAL SCIENCE ASSOCIATION, 114 Fifth Ave., New York.