[Contributed by E. A. Stratton.] PLANTING SEED TOO DEEP In the teacher's chair, in the Bible-class room, in the superintendent's desk, and in the pulpit, there is always danger of overheaping soil on the seed of truth. Too much comment may kill out the life of the text. To begin with, he who sows must have clearly in mind the distinction between the seed and the soil. 'The seed is the Word'—God's Word, not man's thought about that Word. That Word needs to be handled as seed. It should be planted with judicious care, and not overheaped with soil of any sort. Soil is necessary. Planting below the surface, by a stimulating question or a suggestive remark or a helpful illustration, is better than broadcast sowing on the bare and hard earth. But, after all, the seed is the chief thing, not the soil. Yet there are teachers and superintendents and preachers who take one or two grains of good truth-seed, and then devote themselves to shoveling earth upon it until the seed is buried out of sight and hope forever. The seed was good enough, but it was killed in the planting. In all attempts at planting the seed of God's Word, in class or school or congregation, there is good reason for the old rule, 'not to plant seeds more than five times their diameter in depth.' Heaping soil on the seed is the great barrier to seed-growing in every field of human effort. Mistaking this soil-heaping for seed-planting, is one of the commonest errors of those who long for mental and moral harvests and fail of them. Many a housekeeper would have better servants if she planted more seeds and piled up less soil over those she did plant in her talks with her servants. Many a merchant or manufacturer or banker or overseer of laborers kills nine-tenths of the seeds of instruction he uses by the useless words of fault-finding or of reproach which he heaps over his counsels to those who are under him. Many a man fails of permanently interesting a neighbor in his personal affairs, because when he has planted the seeds of information about his case he buries those seeds beyond hope of life by his endless explanations and reasons for desiring help and sympathy. Many a person who recognizes his fault in a former interview with an acquaintance, and desires to make confession of it buries the seed of apology and regret under such a mass of soil in his new words about the original cause of misunderstanding that the seed itself fails to germinate, while the soil-heap above it is a new barrier to free intercourse between the acquaintances. In all our sowing for a harvest in the hearts of any of our fellows there is good reason for the old rule, 'not to plant seeds more than five times their diameter in depth.' Not the covering soil but the lightly covered seed gives hope of a harvest in planting. If we are to reap where we have sown we must choose our seed, must plant it wisely, and must resolutely refrain from crushing out its life by what we heap above it merely because soil is abundant and we enjoy shoveling. This truth would admit of many more specific applications, but here is soil enough for this seed. Now let it germinate. Selected