ECONOMY Martha J. Anderson Economy was one of the first lessons taught and practiced by the founders of our communistic home. Though actual want prompted its exercise in a great measure, yet it was undoubtedly a well grounded principle, born of a 6 THE MANIFES TO. faith that includes every virtue which ennobles the life of the individual, and binds together in social compact a self-sustaining community. Necessity is the goad that urges to industry, and poverty in one aspect is better than riches, as it brings out sterling worth of character, especially if persons are prompted by noble impulses and a philanthropic desire to toil for others equally with themselves. This is as the good poet says, 'A toil that gains with what it yields, And scatters to its own increase, And hears while sowing outward fields The harvest song of inward peace.' Three years in the wilderness, with a hard struggle for material subsistence, gave Mother Ann Lee and her devoted co-laborers, ample scope for the exercise of all their faculties in saving and accumulating the necessaries of life, that they might have enough and to spare for those who should embrace the truth as was manifested in the New Dispensation, and practically exemplified in the revival of the Pentecostal spirit, when souls were baptized into an element of unselfishness, and 'they had all things in common.' By close economy, hard labor and an exceeding self-denial, some property was accumulated, and in a few years they were able to build houses suitable for associative purposes. Land was from time to time added to their possessions, some of which was dedicated by those that believed. How earnestly the little band of zealous souls toiled to gain their desired ends, and so devoted were they to each other's interests,—'in honor preferring one another'—that when it was agreed to gather the Church of the Believers into order at New Lebanon, it was a carefully considered question just where they should locate. The leading Brethren were so anxious to maintain a spirit of love and fellowship, that each waived his choice for another's decision, until at last, a quantity of fine lumber was procured by one of them, and unloaded on the present site of the present Church Family. 'There,' said he, most em- phatically, 'that is for the Meeting house.' On that spot it was reared by their own hands, and 'where the body was, thither the eagles were gathered together;' for the people came from all the little hamlets of the country round about, where the word of the new life had been preached, and the good seed had fallen in sincere and honest hearts, and in joyfulness they dedicated their all to one united interest. How happy were they in their simple occupations, ministering to each other's needs, 'Not slothful in business, but fervent in spirit, serving the Lord.' Sustained through adversity, trial and persecution by a strong uplifting faith, they went forth clad in its panoply; not with swords to slay, but with implements of husbandry to clear the forests, turn the virgin soil, and dig wells, that their bread and water might be sure. Many simple devices and industries procured their clothing and the needful comforts of home. All this noble effort served to bind them in close social and spiritual relation, and after each day's labor was 7 THE MANIFESTO. done, they forgot not the assembling of themselves together to praise and worship God, and build one another up in their most holy faith. In going from place to place, on her heaven sent mission to spread the glad tidings of salvation ; Mother Ann Lee never failed to inculcate simple and appropriate lessons in regard to the everyday duties of life ; in these, order, cleanliness and economy were paramount, and essential to godliness of character. She would often say, 'Be prudent and saving of the blessings God has so graciously given ; for you can not make one spear of grass to spring up, nor a kernel of grain to grow, neither can you create aught that supplies your physical needs. Be careful, be thankful, and ever realize your dependence upon the Giver of every good.' She exhorted the people to gather up the fragments, and as a practical example against extravagant customs, would make her meal of the leavings on the plates, remarking, 'If you have anything to spare give it to the poor.' Hence came the practice among Believers, never to take any more on the plate than could be eaten ; which remains a good testimony against the senseless and wasteful manners of the world. Thoughtfulness and care was impressed on all their goings forth. Attention to small things, preserved neatness, order and thrift about house and farm. Gates were kept closed; no tools were left broken or exposed to the weather to rust; barns, sheds and shops were kept tidy, each member was expected to pick up and save, and no spiritual blessing was ensured except in strict obedience to order and duty. How carefully the young people were disciplined in regard to not marring furniture, windows or walls; they were instruted to walk lightly, to open and close doors softty : to speak gently and respectfully ; to have a care for their clothing, especially their shoes, which require frequent attention to keep them in good repair. There was much salutary instruction and godly example that tended to curb the rough animal nature that is manifest in the unprogressed and unrestrained natural human being. A fulness of unearned blessing is a doubtful inheritance of good; for he only knows the worth of wealth, who has first realized want and privation in acquiring it. And how often we behold a painful lack of appreciation on the part of those, who, though bred to penury, are thankless when an abundance is bestowed upon them. Lifted above their real estate, they murmur at God's manna sent, and long for the flesh pots and gross habits of the low life in Egyptian bondage, which they first thought they loathed. Are we not too generous in the distribution of communal goods to those who have no claim and have not proved themselves willing and obedient? If every garment given should be the equivalent of a certain amount of work performed on the part of the novitiate, there would perhaps be greater appreciation of its worth. But, in our homes where consecrated labor of the few supplies the wants of many, especially of those who are incapacitated to earn their own living—there 8 THE MANIFESTO. is often a sad lack of the virtue of economy, and a tendency to discard clothing before it is sufficiently worn ; and in other ways to be careless and thoughtless. Prudence garners greater treasures than money can buy. The wealth of her store-house is the eternal riches won by diligent toil and a careful spirit; for he who holds every blessing sacred, and becomes a faithful steward of God's good gifts, will never suffer poverty of spirit. Let us build on the firm foundation of enduring principles that support the temple of Truth ; not removing a stone here and there, thus weakening the structure, but, by adding virtue to virtue, rear an asylum for those who, 'Seek first the kingdom of God and its righteousness.' Then will the addition of temporal things—the outcome of united and unselfish service, prove an equal blessing to all who share the interest of our beautiful communal homes. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y..