Watervliet, N. Y. Second Eamily. Dec. 1892. Theee is nothing eventful at this season of the year. We are busy gathering our usual supply of fire-wood. Our gospel friends from Groveland are now all with us; the last, but not least, was Elder Alexander who arrived Friday the 9th. We are glad that they have been able to get moved before the extreme cold weath- er. We also feel that they have not only added numbers to Watervliet, but much spiritual strength. They are as comfortably situated bodily as the short space of time could make them. It will take some time, no doubt, to make it seem just like home. But they are cheerful and feel the additional spiritual union and strength will more than compensate for the cross, if so it be, of the removal. Elder Andrew Barrett of Harvard made us a short visit; we are always pleased to see such consecrated souls as we know our good Brother to be. Let us all resolve with the coming year to live closer to our gospel call, not only hearers of the good word but doers of the needful work, that will bring joy and peace. THE MANIFESTO. North Family. When the Revelator saw in vision a mighty host that were virgin souls, the goodly company that we found on arriving here, were part of that band. O those blessed Fathers and Mothers, dear Brethren and Sisters that constitute the household of faith, and that blessed communion we are privileged to enjoy with them. Nay, the world cannot give, neither can it take it away. We have been welcomed with open hearts and hands, and for the kindness extended to us, we bow in humble gratitude. We are trying to bring concord out of the temporary confusion incident to moving so far. Blessing has attended our efforts and may those who bear the burden in our communal homes be sustained in their efforts to promote and advance this glorious cause. We are all here at Watervliet, the home of our beloved Mother while in earth life. May her spirit ever hover over thee and shield thee from the tempest, that there liiay be a home, a house of refuge for the weary, and sin-sick souls when tired of the contentions of worldly conditions and willing to renounce them, all can find a haven of rest. H. D. G.