WestPittsfieldd Dec. 12, 1892. Ix contemplating the approaching close of the year ninety two, which was ushered in seemingly but a few days since, we are led to exclaim, Oh! time, thou art fleeting and mutable. Whither goest thou, and what are the records thou hast chronicled? Will the Omniscient Father read them with satisfaction or displeasure? Are noble deeds, kind acts, loving words and charitable feelings registered there? May we so adjust and order our conduct each hour that passes, that our record may entitle us to an inheritance with the good and the true. Winter is fully enthroned, as evidenced by an occasional shower of pure white snow-flakes, by the piercing winds, cold rains, and biting frosts. We deeply regret our unfortunate absence from home, where so many precious gospel friends centered, when on their way to Mt. Lebanon to pay the last tribute of respect to the sainted Father; the late Elder Daniel Boler who for so long a period of time has so efficiently and judiciously, acted as Leader and Counselor in the Shaker Church. In him is verified the beautiful Scriptural passage,—'An honest man is the noblest work of God.' Redeemed from earth and all things of an earthly character, he has ascended to the celestial regions, there to mingle with the glorified throng, bearing the palm of the victor, and wearing the crown of the conqueror. On Thanksgiving day we enjoyed not only a feast of good things for the physical part of our beings, but the mental and social parts were supplied as well. It being the Centennial year of the founding of our Society, a royal celebration was beautifully planned and very creditably executed by the younger portion of the Community. Songs prepared for the occasion were sung, recitations and dialogues spoken, appropriate selections read, and altogether it was an interesting entertainment. In our humble opinion the Oct. No. of the Maxifesto was most excellent. May the New Year that is soon to dawn upon us be as rich in blessings as the past year has been, with an addition of all that the great and good Father may deem it wise to bestow. May peace, health and happiness abound.