NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. November. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1891. 35.98 2,% in. 1 in. 1892. 36.45 SU in. A% in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 64. Lowest ' ' ' ' 14. Number of rainy days ' ' 6. ' ' snowy ' ' ' 6. ' ' clear ' ' ' 8. ' ' cloudy ' C. 22. G. .R Dec. 11, 1892. With this number of our welcomed little periodical, we wish our dear friends, 'A Happy New Year.' This to us is not an idle pass-word, but from our hearts we send a greeting to all, trusting that happiness the result of faithfulness, may rest as a benediction in every home which the Manifesto visits. Our harvest months seem to have been a reaping time for more than the sowing of men; for the Angel Reaper has garnered four sheaves from our field, so fully ripened, that it was indeed a well-timed harvest. The last of these, Sister Betsey Crosman was gathered just in time to be in at the angels' Thanksgiving. As these noble veterans of our cause pass on, does it not behoove us to look well to the position we hold in the ranks, to know that not only shall our names be upon the roll-call, but that our lives shall be an entire consecration. Let no one allow himself to be mustered in, only for the daily rations. We have a steady, upward march to make, and it needs the single-hearted, valiant, earnest soldiers, brave to conquer the foe within, and courageous to contend with prevailing errors, which inevitably creep into every organization, by the way of unregenerated human nature. On the occasion of the funeral of our worthy father, Elder Daniel Boler, we were happy to meet even though for a short time, so many loved and honored representatives of the Eastern Societies. Need we wait for funerals for the much needed conferences of leading members? Will not our second century, begin a new era? A. J. C. North Family Dec. 12, 1892. 'O how swiftly time is passing; And 'tis precious to me : The moments are rolling As the waves of the sea. They are solemn and weighty As they roll one hy one, And exclaim with a meaning, Ever gone! ever gone!' This I feel, and in a degree realize. We have in the last eight weeks passed through various changes that have opened the way by which can be brought about among ourselves that long denied spiritual revival, with its wave of 'New Life,' that will start the new growth, and develop, or reveal, or bring to fruition another degree of pure gospel truth embodied in the gospel of Christ and our ever blessed Mother Ann. The chief change that we have met with, that will, in my understanding help to bring the long desired spiritual wave, was the holding of a Convention, or Meeting on the 13th. of November last. Which Meeting was composed of delegates from ten Societies. These were brought together, accidentally, incidentally, or providentially just as any one chooses to take it. ' It was on the occasion of the funeral of our beloved father Elder Daniel Boler. To Elder Henry C. Blinn next to Provi- dence is due the credit of holding one of the most profitable meetings ever held by Believers in the past thirty-six years at least. Such a meeting has been talked, and written about for some time but has never been held before. After the war of 1860 and 65 or during that period the currency of the country passed through several phases. At last it reached the stage that the promise of the government in the form of paper notes were not worthmore than half their face value: after the war, there were long talks and much written about the return to specie payment; to resume as they called 16 THE MANIFESTO. it. Well, how to bring that about was the subject of long and warm discussions; Lincoln the then wise head and leader, said, 'Well, the only way if we are going to resume is simply to resume.' The people through their representatives had the power and all they had to do was to exercise it. Is it not just so with ourselves? We see many desired changes which we wish and desire, should be made for the better understanding of our gospel, and for the further development of our pure and holy faith. Is there any other way to bring it about than by just going to work and doing it? And can anything be done except by somebody doing it? If it can, then it might be profitable for us to understand the how and the where and the who. We have had very open weather, no snow or ice of any account, so we have got pretty well tided up and are preparing to do a little in the broom business. We have not done much for several years so we shall have to move slowly and be sure that our religion goes into every broom we make; that it may be a gospel testimony in every house or home, where it may be called upon to do duty. D. O. Center Family Dec, 1892. The Christmas season is fast approaching, that great season of joy and gladness to all. The great day of all days in the year, when all the world can rejoice and be glad that one was born who has made the world better and happier. The family send their Christmas greeting to their friends who read the Manifesto and wish them a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year. Time flies and the seasons come and go, a reminder that we will all soon be in another world and our places filled by others. The winter has been pleasant and very little snow at Mt. Lebanon, and the hills are brown and bare. The family have all been well this winter except a few colds. Thanksgiving day found the family very thankful for the good crops of the last season The Family had the Church Family with us at the morning meeting, a very pleas-: ant season enjoyed by all that were present. On Sunday afternoon, Dec. 11th.,we went over to the North Family to hear. M. M. Pomeroy of New York speak on the religious movements of the day, especially the Salvation Army. He gave a very interesting account of the work in which they are engaged and the good they are doing. With his broad and liberal mind he takes in the whole world, he also freely acknowledges that Believers are a power for good and thinks they should imitate the Salvation Army, in preaching our faith that others may become partakers of our gospel. G. O. Watervliet, N. Y. Second Eamily. Dec. 1892. Theee is nothing eventful at this season of the year. We are busy gathering our usual supply of fire-wood. Our gospel friends from Groveland are now all with us; the last, but not least, was Elder Alexander who arrived Friday the 9th. We are glad that they have been able to get moved before the extreme cold weath- er. We also feel that they have not only added numbers to Watervliet, but much spiritual strength. They are as comfortably situated bodily as the short space of time could make them. It will take some time, no doubt, to make it seem just like home. But they are cheerful and feel the additional spiritual union and strength will more than compensate for the cross, if so it be, of the removal. Elder Andrew Barrett of Harvard made us a short visit; we are always pleased to see such consecrated souls as we know our good Brother to be. Let us all resolve with the coming year to live closer to our gospel call, not only hearers of the good word but doers of the needful work, that will bring joy and peace. THE MANIFESTO. North Family. When the Revelator saw in vision a mighty host that were virgin souls, the goodly company that we found on arriving here, were part of that band. O those blessed Fathers and Mothers, dear Brethren and Sisters that constitute the household of faith, and that blessed communion we are privileged to enjoy with them. Nay, the world cannot give, neither can it take it away. We have been welcomed with open hearts and hands, and for the kindness extended to us, we bow in humble gratitude. We are trying to bring concord out of the temporary confusion incident to moving so far. Blessing has attended our efforts and may those who bear the burden in our communal homes be sustained in their efforts to promote and advance this glorious cause. We are all here at Watervliet, the home of our beloved Mother while in earth life. May her spirit ever hover over thee and shield thee from the tempest, that there liiay be a home, a house of refuge for the weary, and sin-sick souls when tired of the contentions of worldly conditions and willing to renounce them, all can find a haven of rest. H. D. G. Alfred, Me. Dec. 1892. The winter term of school commenced Nov. 22, with sixteen scholars. An Otto Gasoline Engine has been put into the Dairy to take the place of the hot air engine formerly used for separating the milk and churning the butter. We hope it may prove as satisfactory as anticipated. The old year is nearly at a close and the New Year about to dawn. As we look back through the past, can we count as many victories as .we hoped for when the year began? if so, it is well with us, if not, let us pray for more courage, strength and Christian fortitude that the coming year may bring to our souls that growth of the Spirit we all sincerely desire. We extend to every one in our Zion Homes, our purest and earnest prayers, that the coming year may be a happy and prosperous New Year. F. C. Shaker Station, Conn. Dec. 1892. Jesus said, 'I have meat to eat that ye know not of.' If the meat that perish- eth is good and desirable, the meat that endureth unto everlasting life is much more needful. There is no hunger like the hunger of the soul for spiritual food. Many persons desire peace and rest in a worldly life but find continual unrest. True rest is found only in a godly life a sinless condition. ^'Godliness is profitable unto all things ' It is as blessed as it is profitable. Choice literature is sometimes chosen for New Year's gifts, often very appropriately. It is natural to make use of what interests us, as an expression of our interest in others. A gift of the Manifesto for one year to our friends, who are not now blest with its monthly messages of purity and truth, might be productive of much good. Let us try it. Special grain for fowls at this season of the year, such as buckwheat, ilax-seed, wheat and oats, make excellent changes used in small quantities in connection with the regular diet. A good supply of coarse food is very essential to the health of the flock. Loose or poor heads of cabbage stored by themselves are the best and most easily obtained green food for poultry during winter. Two or three heads hung so that the fowls can easily reach them, and renewed when necessary will well repay the trouble. Onions are very good to mix with the salt food. Poultry keepers must exercise judgment in the selection and changes of food in cold weather. A change of rations two or three times every week will give strength, tone and appetite to chickens. D. Orcutt Enfield, N. H. Dec. 1892. In union with our precious kindred elsewhere who are doubtless preparing their contributions for the coming Manifesto, we likewise hasten to sign our final Notes for the departing of the grand old year so soon to be numbered with the past; but before we bid our friends adieu 17 18 THE MANIFESTO. would send in advance to one and all, our best wishes for a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. Since we find that there is nothing more worthy our strife than the cultivation of kindly thoughts and deeds toward our gospel relations, we pledge anew to grow these ennobling graces by toil and care until we become 'the Angels in the way,' to our dear Brethren and Sisters who with us are on the pilgrim journey toward a purer, higher life. We are at present date enjoying a very pleasant visit with our good Brother, Thomas Evans of East Canterbury, N. H. He seems earnest and hearty in the strife to become a true heir of the kingdom. May the powers of good above and around sustain and strengthen him, is our earnest prayer. To-day we are again called upon to consign to its kindred dust the mortal re- mains of our loving Sister Tirzah Whittaker of the South Family. How rapidly the aged in our Society are passing on; soon the few now remaining will all be in brighter mansions with kindred souls who have been their loved companions in earth life. We have enjoyed many bright days since the frost king first nipped our fingers, but winter must have its full reign. J. R. North Family Dec. 1892. Esteemed Editor:—No doubt other pens have chronicled the death of our worthy Sister, Hannah Taylor, who passed to spirit life, Dec. 3rd. As her life was ebbing away, she asked those in attendance if the Dec. number of the Manifesto had come, and added, that one of the hardest things for her to leave in exchanging worlds, was the Manifesto, stating she had not failed of reading every issue of the paper since its first publication. A grand tribute of appreciation; denoting a strong love for our herald of truth. As one after another the aged throughout Zion enter the realms of immortality, reflective minds can but experience a thrill of sadness, as less of this class means less moral and intellectual strength, yet the rich legacy which the translated ones leave, a treasure of Christ-like examples, are potent factors to stimulate and encourage us to work the works of righteousness, thus fulfilling our God given mission; a life service fraught with due reverence to our fellow-beings, and activity of those qualities which cheer, bless, and forgive as we would be forgiven. From the lives of our departed, loved ones we learn the lesson that works, not personal theories, are the polishing forces of life. In that domain where we shall be known as we are, true worth is recognized at its full value, and spiritual affinity seeks its class. Here our noble, tried kindred are going, and imitating their worthy examples, we are joining this band of spiritualized characters. May the New Year unfold to us all re- newed blesings, and record to our lives greater victories over the selfishness of the human heart. We express our thanks to the Editor, and all who aid in publishing our Manifesto. G. H. B.