Editorial It must have been a pleasant season for St Paul... It must have been a pleasant season for St Paul, when the illumination of his mind was so clear that he could enter into an element which foreshadowed the heavenly state, and could see God's glory becoming the center of attraction, when all the things of this life would become secondary or fall entirely into insignificance. Caught up into the heavens and divested of the selfishness of earthly surroundings, he became anxiously interested in aiding those who fortunately came within the sphere of his action. So absorbed was he in the spirit of the testimony of Jesus, that he declared himself thoroughly separated from all worldly relation, and from henceforth, said he, 'We will know no man after the flesh.' All the long list of selfish relations that had come down to him from the days of Adam and Eve, including the cousins and uncles and aunts, were from this date, to be cancelled from the note book of remembrance, and a clean page opened, on which to place the record of his new calling. 'Therefore,' said he, 'if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature, old things are passed away ; behold, all things are become new.' What subject could embody more depth of interest than that which assures us that all things will become new : and that this renewal will not cease till every follower of Christ Jesus is included. The testimony of living truth, even from the day of the Baptist had been to repent, to change the mind, to make the crooked paths straight, and to be baptized into the Holy Spirit; and not only this, but it was imperatively taught that all who accepted the name or gospel of Christ, should depart from iniquity. All through this incisive testimony was to be found the life of the word of God, and the ministration which would enable the recipient to make strait paths, and then to deny himself of all ungodliness and every worldly lust. TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 13 The old things were to be done away and all things become new; and then to make the state more in harmony with the life of Christ, all these new things were to be of God. What a wonderful work it must be, that will baptize a man into a new element so thoroughly that it will wash from him all remembrance of his selfish inheritance. That will give him a place in the brotherhood of Christ, and so cleanse his memory that he will not know even his nearest relatives after the flesh, as these may, by the grace of God become transformed into the likeness of Christ. Buried in baptism with the son of God he comes forth a new creature, with a new name and in unspotted garments, to find himself a member of the new creation, and breathing the 'breath of life.' The good apostle, at this time, was so deeply absorbed in his subject that he saw clearly, the work of spiritual resurrection. He had lived as a selfish man, in the order of nature, and he had coveted the relations of that order which made him not only narrow in his work among men, but aroused his worst passions, and made him the cruel persecutor of an innocent people. He now saw that Christ and the spiritual resurrection was on an elevation above this sensual sphere in which he had, himself, walked. At this time, he says, 'It pleased God to call me, and to reveal his 'son in me; and immediately I conferred not with flesh and blood.' Mark the difference in this decided mind, to the call of God, from that of those undecided characters who wanted to be disciples of Jesus, but hedged their own way with many foolish excuses, and then thought to hold a close relation to the world. It is no wonder that they went away sorrowfully. One says ;—'Let me first go and bid them farewell, which are at home, at my house.' We have known just such instances. With Christ on one side and a selfish relation on the other, he stands like the 'doubtful hesitator,' fearing to decide. The poor creature says, 'My relatives will think so strange of me.' Indeed, they will, but if your call is from God, your return visit may cost you your spiritual life. 'Suffer me to go and bury my father,' said another undecided would-be-disciple. Of course this must touch the sympathetic heart of the loving Jesus. Funerals in that day were quite like those of the present, a place where one can be seen of men, to display every shade of mourning. In the cities, at the present date, they put on an air of fashion, and in the country it is a good place to transact business. Jesus knew perfectly well that these excuses were of the thinnest quality, and to the last speaker he said,—'Let the dead bury their dead, go thou and preach the kingdom of God.' This command was 14 THE MANIFESTO. more imperative than attending a funeral or the bidding farewell to some selfish relative. This building of a Christian home is the forming of new relations, and demands of those who enter it, to become new creatures, and to grow into a new and spiritual resurrection. When all things become new then that beautiful prophecy of the day of restoration will be fulfilled, as recorded by the prophet Zephaniah ;—'Then will I return to the people a pure language, that they may call upon the name of the Lord.' How much we need, and how very anxiously we may anticipate the coming of that day of the Lord when this pure language will be numbered among the new and choice blessings vouchsafed to God's people. No doubt there will be a growing appreciation of the study of English grammar, in that day, for even now that teaches us to use the English language with propriety, and the inference to be drawn is, that those who use unclean and profane words have not been taught in English grammar, nor studied the rules of propriety. No one would believe, for a moment, that Jesus in his disciplined state of mind used other than the most correct language, as he emphatically urged it upon others to let their yea, be yea and their nay, be nay, in order to establish a concise and correct use of speech. A Christian people should be Christ-like, and if we believe that he was careful of his language, in conversation, among men, we hold ourselves at a great disadvantage if we grow indifferent on this essential subject. We had intended to publish in this number, all the articles received in memory of Elder Daniel Boler, but were prevented by unforeseen circumstances. They will now appear in the Manifesto for February.