THE MERCY SEAT Alonzo G. Hollister 'In this is love; not that we loved God, but that He loved us, and sent forth his son, a propitiation concerning our sins. And he is a propitiation not only concerning ours, but also concerning the whole world.'1''—1 John, ii., 2. The human memory is a marvelous instrument for recording conduct and everything that engages attention, beyond possibility of destruction by fire, or catastrophe, or time's flight, or wear, or by death and dissolution of that delicate chemical vesture, within which its sensitive texture is wrought. Though creatures forget the act, its record remains to testify in a season of judgment, beyond the power even of its owner to erase. Only the Divine Wisdom that ordained its laws, Could devise means to infuse an antidote, to correct, to cover or efface from the life undesirable memories that testify against the actors, or neutralize their ill effects and bury evil conduct and its consequences in perpetual oblivion. Hence we look to Divine revelation for the true method of atoning for sin, and casting it out of heart and memory. Jesus testified, 'The Father judges no man, but has committed all 4 THE MANIFESTO. judgment to the Son, that all men may honor the Son, even as they honor the Father.' The Father is honored by honoring his messengers. 'He has given him authority also to execute judgment, because he is the Son of man.' This teaches that the Father has committed to man, the judgment of things pertaining to man. God in the conscience, is but one's individual portion of God, and if it be unable to preserve one from sinning, how can it perform the greater office of taking away sin and restoring lost liberty without external aid, by confession before a witness. Partial judgments do indeed, arise at times in the conscience and understanding, sufficient to turn their subject from an evil course, but they do not erase past sins, nor purge corruption from the heart. The Son of man alluded to, is not a particular person, but a character, which includes many in one spirit. For it is written, 'The saints shall judge the world.' Hence, this Son of man is the regenerated, new man, and heir of all precious things promised to man. He does not become such without passing through the ordeal which takes away sin and purifies the soul. To be qualified judges, they must be tested by the same standard that is to be applied to others in their presence. Hence we are told 'The sins of some men are manifest, going before to judgment, but some, they follow after. Likewise the good works of some are manifest, and they that are otherwise can not be hid.' Under the law which was a shadow of good things to come, it is written, God will bring every work into judgment, with every secret thing, whether it be good, or whether it be evil. Jesus testified, 'For every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment.' To whom is this account to be rendered? To God in his saints, through and by whom He judges the world. Daniel tells us of a time when judgment was given to the saints of the Most High, and the time came that the saints possessed the kingdom.' The Apostle confirms the same : ' 'know ye not, the saints shall judge the world?' Jesus said to his disciples, 'When the Son of man shall sit on the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit on twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.' John saw twice twelve thrones, on which sat twice twelve Elders around the central throne, showing an equal participation in this judgment, by the feminine half of humanity, as our Prophets reveal to us. Else, why has woman reason, judgment, conscience and understanding to sift and weigh evidence. In describing the judgment of the first resurrection and Millennial reign, the Seer says, 'I saw thrones, and they sat upon them,' but he does not denote their number. Daniel also, is indefinite as to number, saying, 'The thrones were placed.' There may be twelve thousand or twelve times twelve thousand according to the number sealed out of the tribes of Israel, for aught that appears to the contrary. Be they few or many, they evidently signify judgment and dominion given to those who sit on them. These Judges having been tempted 5 THE MANIFESTO. like ourselves, and having been purged even if they have not yielded to the same extent, can be touched with a feeling of our infirmities, and wherein themselves have suffered, are able to aid those who are alike tempted. Here then, is the tribunal before which, in due season we must all be made manifest, and here is found the mercy seat from which is dispensed the healing and covering power of a true atonement. For Jesus testifies through his servant John, 'He that overcometh, shall sit down with me in my throne, even as I overcame and have set down with my Father in his throne.' Having been anointed with the same Holy Spirit, and baptized thereby into death of the carnal life, as Jesus was, and having overcome death, and him having the power of death, as Jesus overcame, they are one with Christ, and execute that same judgment and rule in his commands. The prayer offered by Jesus, that his disciples might be one with him, as he was one with the Father, signifies as much as this, to those in whom it is fulfilled and fulfilling. So testifies one who has experienced the cleansing effects and overcoming power dispensed in this judgment. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y..