LIGHT ON OUR DESTINY O. C. Hampton I am greatly interested in an article in the August Number of the Manifesto over the signature of A. J. C. The writer puts the following query (viz.) 'Blest as we are with a three-fold life (or a three-fold manifestation of the same life) physical, mental and spiritual, who is able to solve the problem of its equal growth?' And again 'Do we not use so much time and strength in the maintenance of the body that the mind is crippled and the soul undeveloped?' Momentous questions indeed! But is there no remedy ? For we must confess that we do just as is intimated in the queries. I believe there is an all-potent remedy for the difficulty therein named. A part of this remedy may be indicated in two words (viz.) Systematic Arrangement. In further elaboration of this subject, I may say it is hardly possible to conceive how much time can be saved by a systematic allotment of time and duties. Suppose we should resolve that as twenty-four is divisible by three (the departments of our being, assigned by the interesting writer) we will labor with our hands for eight hours faithfully each day—to procure our physical necessities—eight hours for mental and spiritual improvement and recreation—and eight hours for sleep. This is quite possible to bring about by scientific and systematic allotment of our duties and several avocations. But first of all, can a luxurious, or (even voluptuous) method of living, consisting of flesh of animals, fish, eggs and butter be made by working eight hours a day ? Nay, it cannot. Because the expense of feeding and rearing a cow a pig or horse in the way of food, shelter and attention has been estimated to be about eight times that of a human being fed on vegetables, farina and fruits. The corn necessary to raise a pig will go several hundred per. ct. farther in sustaining the life of a man, than the pork, after it is ready for use, but thank God the pig is no longer allowed to be eaten among Believers. This pig estimate will answer for an aggregate for most four-footed beasts. Now if we wish for less toil to get a mere livelihood let us not forget that 'we can't have the cake and eat it both.' Neither can we afford to be foolishly overstocked with clothing. I recollect a THE MANIFESTO. long time ago, I was appointed to take a schedule of the pairs of shoes each member owned. I was more than astonished ! I was utterly confounded. Some had as high as sixteen pairs. What they wanted of so many I could not conceive. I have known persons possessed of one and even two large chests full of clothes and yet never allow any opportunity to get more, pass unimproved. An equal development of the triune phase of our existence is utterly impossible under this extravagant and inconsistent regime. Again, how many things go to waste from inexcusable carelessness! Without a vigorous retrenchment in all these things by which the expenses of physical life might be prodigiously curtailed, the fond hope of a life more in accordance with the laws our triune existence will, I fear have to be abandoned for the present, and until we have traveled through another decade of sorrow and unrest. A word or two about the systematic economy of time. I have known school teachers to complain that they could not find time in a single day to teach spelling, reading and arithmetic and possibly geography. Now I have taught school for a great many years but I never had any difficulty in finding time to teach spelling, reading, writing, grammar, arithmetic, algebra, physiology, chemistry, and one year added geometry and German. Perhaps you will say I must have crowded out recess entirely—Not so, but instead of allowing recess for fifteen minutes only, I allowed it for half an hour twice each day. It was all done merely by systematic ordering of time, and I have not the least doubt but the same time saving policy would work the same good results in regard to all our duties and various avocations. But I do not wish to further trespass upon the space of the Manifesto or the patience of the reader and so I will stop. Union Village, Ohio.