PASSING MOMENTS Amanda Tiffany How precious the moments so swiftly passing, like pearly dewdrops at early dawn in the sun's bright rays, they quickly vanish ; are gone forever past recall. How careful we should be well to improve each one, that in the future we may look back on a well-spent life without regret; happy in the thought that the seed we sowed in the springtime of life, has yielded a rich harvest of golden grain; that the journey of life has been a success, though fraught with many dangers, trials and disappointments. Our path may not have been strewn with flowers and the sun may not always have shone brightly to illumine our way; but it is consoling to know we have been led and guided by Omnipotent power; that blessings, innumerable, have been ours to share, while heavenly peace like a mantle enshrouded our souls when we kept the strait path of duty. Then let us open our hearts to the glorious rays of gospel light, and carefully cull the roses, as we journey, avoiding the thorns, contention, envy and strife, the bane of all happiness, and cultivate only love and gospel fellow-ship. We are called of God for a purpose. Let us be sure we are of the chosen number who will choose to do his work with singleness of heart. Now, why have we, in particular been thus noticed? Because we are more worthy than others ? Ah, nay ! But God will always have a chosen few for a beacon light to the world, a pavilion wherein the sin-sick and weary may find shelter and rest. We have been gathered from a world of strife, into the vineyard of the Lord, not for a selfish purpose, or merely to gain peace and salvation for our own souls, but as co-laborers with the spirit of good, to sow, water and nourish faith in other souls, and by right living ourselves, be able to lead them home to God. I think the wisest and surest way to improve the passing moments, is to perform all life's duties well; ever to keep in view the golden rule. This will insure happiness and make life's labor a success and faith and works will combine in a practical Christian life. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.