CHEERFULNESS Lucy S. Bowers 'Good temper is the philosophy of the heart—a gem in the treasury within, whose rays are reflected on all outward objects—a perpetual sunshine, imparting warmth, light and life.' Says Montaigne, 'The most manifest sign of wisdom is continued cheerfulness. A spirit governed and beautified by the power of Christ, chastened and humiliated in and through the pure love of God will possess that grace of heart, that gentleness of demeanor, that loveliness of character that is commendable in every sphere of life. No hearth-fire circle could have a brighter link; no home a better ornament, and no place a worthier occupant than one who, conquering the passions and powers of a contrary disposition, can manifest the beauty of goodness in continued cheerfulness, it is the effect of goodness. St. Jerome said : 'He that hath no bridle on his tongue, hath no grace in his heart;' he that hath no sunshine radiating from his countenance, likewise shows a sad want of virtue. A companion who is cheerful, always seeing the bright side of things and free from unkind discourse, is worth gold, such a soul perpetually overflows with benevolence and sympathy, their good worthy deeds, uniformly joyous and graceful, inspire gladness and distil the sweet influences of love and peace. High-toned humor, wit mirth and happy frolic are the real leavening powers of life, and probably the best physical and mental tonics in the world. It is debilitating and shows the lack of real stamina to sink despondingly under crosses and trouble. 'The gloomy soul aggravates misfortune while a cheerful smile often dispels those mists which portend a storm.' Former anxieties should be remembered no more; every uneasy apprehension should vanish ; soothing hopes and delightful expectations will then succeed; the countenance will drop its dejected mein ; the eyes brighten with a lively cheerfulness, while the THE MANIFESTO. 21 lips express the heart-felt satisfaction in the language of thanksgiving and the voice of melody. The practice of the Golden Rule will cement the bonds of union, but the habit of fault-finding will prove a great disturber, the indulgence of which requires no talent, no self-denial, no brains, no character, but those who are moved by a Christian spirit and a genuine desire to do good have little time for murmuring or complaining. There is a beautiful precept, which he who has received an injury, or thinks he has, would for his own sake do well to follow, 'Excuse half and forgive the rest.' Use charity toward all; be ever generous in thought and deed ; help others along in life's thorny path ; we all walk the way of cross s, b^ our in- heritance, conditions and environments what they may, then as far as wo arcapable of controlling our own inclinations and surmounting all difficulties, let us do so. He who saul: 'I glory not save in the cross of Christ,' assures us in these very words that he did not seek happiness in carnal enjoyment but rather in honest self-denial in which he manifested real pleasure. Wherever there is a soul on earth led by the spirit of God, and fill'd by the spirit of God, with good, beautiful and true graces and inspirations, there is a soul which, as St. Paul says, is sitting with Jesus Christ—a soul, already in heaven, though still on earth. Let us have peace, love, joy and inward spiritual light, that it may be said of us as Cervantes said of one, 'He had a face like a benediction.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.