NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. November. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1891. 35.98 2,% in. 1 in. 1892. 36.45 SU in. A% in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 64. Lowest ' ' ' ' 14. Number of rainy days ' ' 6. ' ' snowy ' ' ' 6. ' ' clear ' ' ' 8. ' ' cloudy ' C. 22. G. .R Dec. 11, 1892. With this number of our welcomed little periodical, we wish our dear friends, 'A Happy New Year.' This to us is not an idle pass-word, but from our hearts we send a greeting to all, trusting that happiness the result of faithfulness, may rest as a benediction in every home which the Manifesto visits. Our harvest months seem to have been a reaping time for more than the sowing of men; for the Angel Reaper has garnered four sheaves from our field, so fully ripened, that it was indeed a well-timed harvest. The last of these, Sister Betsey Crosman was gathered just in time to be in at the angels' Thanksgiving. As these noble veterans of our cause pass on, does it not behoove us to look well to the position we hold in the ranks, to know that not only shall our names be upon the roll-call, but that our lives shall be an entire consecration. Let no one allow himself to be mustered in, only for the daily rations. We have a steady, upward march to make, and it needs the single-hearted, valiant, earnest soldiers, brave to conquer the foe within, and courageous to contend with prevailing errors, which inevitably creep into every organization, by the way of unregenerated human nature. On the occasion of the funeral of our worthy father, Elder Daniel Boler, we were happy to meet even though for a short time, so many loved and honored representatives of the Eastern Societies. Need we wait for funerals for the much needed conferences of leading members? Will not our second century, begin a new era? A. J. C. North Family Dec. 12, 1892. 'O how swiftly time is passing; And 'tis precious to me : The moments are rolling As the waves of the sea. They are solemn and weighty As they roll one hy one, And exclaim with a meaning, Ever gone! ever gone!' This I feel, and in a degree realize. We have in the last eight weeks passed through various changes that have opened the way by which can be brought about among ourselves that long denied spiritual revival, with its wave of 'New Life,' that will start the new growth, and develop, or reveal, or bring to fruition another degree of pure gospel truth embodied in the gospel of Christ and our ever blessed Mother Ann. The chief change that we have met with, that will, in my understanding help to bring the long desired spiritual wave, was the holding of a Convention, or Meeting on the 13th. of November last. Which Meeting was composed of delegates from ten Societies. These were brought together, accidentally, incidentally, or providentially just as any one chooses to take it. ' It was on the occasion of the funeral of our beloved father Elder Daniel Boler. To Elder Henry C. Blinn next to Provi- dence is due the credit of holding one of the most profitable meetings ever held by Believers in the past thirty-six years at least. Such a meeting has been talked, and written about for some time but has never been held before. After the war of 1860 and 65 or during that period the currency of the country passed through several phases. At last it reached the stage that the promise of the government in the form of paper notes were not worthmore than half their face value: after the war, there were long talks and much written about the return to specie payment; to resume as they called 16 THE MANIFESTO. it. Well, how to bring that about was the subject of long and warm discussions; Lincoln the then wise head and leader, said, 'Well, the only way if we are going to resume is simply to resume.' The people through their representatives had the power and all they had to do was to exercise it. Is it not just so with ourselves? We see many desired changes which we wish and desire, should be made for the better understanding of our gospel, and for the further development of our pure and holy faith. Is there any other way to bring it about than by just going to work and doing it? And can anything be done except by somebody doing it? If it can, then it might be profitable for us to understand the how and the where and the who. We have had very open weather, no snow or ice of any account, so we have got pretty well tided up and are preparing to do a little in the broom business. We have not done much for several years so we shall have to move slowly and be sure that our religion goes into every broom we make; that it may be a gospel testimony in every house or home, where it may be called upon to do duty. D. O.