A Tribute of Affection. O soul colossal! loving fountain heart, O spirit clothed with heavenly holiness! A wisdom that was wise in every part, A charity revealed in lowliness. We stand before thee, children of thy care, Whom thou hast guarded thro' the changing years, Taught by thy counsel, shielded by thy prayer, That circling bond that gathers and endears. Thy foresight that o'erlooked the battle-cloud Heavy with thunder-bolt and black with doom, Saw still that God was where the tempests crowd, And Zion could preserve her pristine bloom. Calamity was powerless to dismay, Nor could emergency o'erthow thy trust, That searching vision in its grand survey Beheld life's trials but as desert dust. Thy love was an oasis, restful, calm, And cooling springs the weary pilgrims found, The breath of balsam and the touch of balm That banished grief and healed the sharpest wound. A Shepherd, Father, Savior, true from youth, Then God's Anointed, called to comprehend Unfoldments vast from occult realms of truth, And yet to lowliest, blindest souls descend. Tho'thistle-hearts wore armor barbed with sin That tore thy tender heart and made it bleed; Thine eye discovered soft, white love within, A bove wild nature's rank and cruel seed. What joy, what anguish quivered in thy breast Like arrow-heads and sunbeams on a tree, The heavenly host and Zion's faithful, blest, While rabble passion shot askance at thee. Within Christ's sufferings thou hadst learnel to live, Until beatitudes thy spirit knew, And thou couKlst say, 'My Parents, Oh forgive!' The undeveloped know not what they do. We heard thy eloquence for Zion roll, And bear conviction to invade the heart, Exalted messages that thrilled the soul, And gave it courage for an upward start. There was a grandeur not to be described In thy integrity's pervading grace; The immortality thy life imbibed, Gave strength and glory to thy noble face. Our thoughts, our memories like the swelling sea, Whose loud-voiced billows sink in music sweet Lift up their waves of gratitude to thee, Then murmuring melt in tear-drops at thy feet Like birds of passage, resting from the wing, The words that we would summon take their flight; But what are words before ttie offering Our inmost souls bring to thee as thy right? Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Cecelia De Vere.