Books and Papers. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for January is out in a new cover and is an unusually interesting number. It starts off with a remarkably life-like portrait of Jay Gould and a description of his character by Prof. Sizer, followed by a pertinent biographical sketch. Mrs. Charlotte Fowler Wells adds another article to the list of her charming biographical sketches, this time discussing the careers of B. J. Gray and Prof. Stanley Grimes. Practical Phrenology stands out conspicuously in this issue. 'Human Pursuits, and How to Study them Phrenologically,' is to constitute a series of articles by one who has had an experience not equalled by any other phrenologist, Prof. Nelson Sizer, in this number the topic being The Lawyer. The same author writes about 'Heads and Faces, and What They Indicate,' amply illustrated, the first of a systematic series under this title which will add much to the interest of the Journal. Modern Football is an illustrated article, with terse and well-taken remarks upon the influence of character in the choice of sports and upon the abuses of muscular exercise. The Columbian Exposition is further considered, this issue containing illustrated descriptions of the United States Naval Exhibit and Machinery Hall. Mrs. Annie Besant, a lady whose interest in Theosophy and allied psychic phenoniena has made her well known, is now in this country and lecturing on topics related to the above. The Phrenological gives her portrait, description of character and an appreciative notice of her work. The several departments of the Journal are well filled, as usual, with matter that is appropriate to the season and of special value to the reader. All the world knows the usefulness of the Phrenological, yet it is not superfluous to say that everybody should subscribe and read it with care. It is published at the popular price of $1.50 per annum, or 15c. a number. Address the Publishers, Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 25 East Twenty-first St. New York.