A Tribute from Gospel Friends at Pleasant Hill, Ky. Whence yon monument towering above the cedars of Lebanon? How sublimely grand! Who was the great builder and whither hath he gone? Wailing and lamentations go up from a pure virgin band, the children of his love and care. A true father has gone! Builder of this glittering structure. A monument, needing neither granite, marble, nor gold. It was reared through devotion to God from early childhood, until feeble old age. Stone by stone the foundation was laid. First, honesty, purity, self-sacrifice, forgiveness, charity and love to man, the structure reared with the wisdom that is from above. A father in Israel is called from his children, To mansions where hundreds of millions convene, To tell of their pilgrimage, pleasures and trials And share in a grandeur, unheard of, unseen. O what a blest company, pictured before us! We see them by vision and long to be there To share in their wisdom and holy devotion, So pure, so enchanting and free from all care! We come, and we go, like the dews of the morning; A moment is given, our record to make, [ful, O then how important that all should be f aithThat we, too, those blessings may freely partake. O father, we gathered around thy cold casket That sheltered thy spirit for years, o'er fourscore ; We feel in our anguish that thou art stillwith us But not as we saw thee in blest days of yore. While viewing thy purified spirit in glory, We fain in our weakness beckon thee here, To soothe us 'mid trials, and lighten our burdens, In thy love and wisdom to bounteously share, O come to us often, with soul-cheering tidings When troubles and trials like billows do roll; When doubts and discouragements gather around us, fsoul. Come, ladened with blessing and balm for the We thank thee, we bless thee, for thy life-long labors, The charity, love and devotional care [Zion, Bestowed upon all, the whole household of While building thy unblemished monument, here. May God's will be done, and every blessing Allotted to Angels, forever be thine; [glory, And while you're sojourning from glory to May heavenly radiance forevermore shine. Adieu, loving father! Thy earth toil is over! Our sorrow at parting, no language can tell, Our faith is unshaken that we shall yet meet thee In heavenly mansions.-Dear Father: farewell Nancy L. Rupe. Pleasant Hill, Ky.