Canterbury, N. H. Jan. 1, 189:5. It is quite easy to say that the things in this world are never just right. When some of us want it to rain, the clouds fly over our heads as lightly as so many feathers, and when we want a good big snowstorm, as we do at the present time, then tlie clouds pour out rain with the greatest liberality. Up to date very little snow has fallen on the hills of Canterbury, and our farmers, who are anxious to haul some 500 cords of fire wood during the early part of the new year, are quite at a loss to know how it will be done. The only remedy, however, is in waiting patiently till the good time comes; and come it certainly will at an early or a later date. Santa Claus with characteristic faithfulness made his yearly visit very much o the delight of all ages: but this year he unfortunately became a little mixed with the church people. The old man said it was his day to visit the children, but the ministers sent the children to Sunday school and told Santa Claus he must go to church. With real Puritanic grace we informed the dear old Saint that he must defer his visit till Monday, as the children were studying their catechism and reading the Bible. To some of the little folks this made Sunday a sad, long day, but as the sun was bright on Monday and Santa Claus made his visit just the same it was the manifestation of great joy. Many little surprises were made, as some pretty token of remembrance was found attached to the boughs of a prettily furnished Christmas tree. Singing and dancing was the order of the day for all the chirttren, while those of maturer age shared largely of the same enlivening spirit. Then comes New Year's day following so closely the example of Christmas that the very same day of the week must always be selected as the only appropriate season for the incoming year. So the good folks prayed, and si'ng on Sunday, and made merry on Monday. Praying and singing will never grow old, and as the new year began on Sunday, it all moved along in harmony, and then on Monday began t' e general routine of business al'iairs t'nat enter so largely into the life of a Community. This second day of the now year opened upon us with an entirely new programme. A class of Brethren had very kindly offered to prepare a dinner for the benefit of the Sisters, and then for tLe whole family. While this may not have been wholly a new thing under the sun, it was new enough to create a genuine surprise among the big and little folks that comprise our family. The baking of som-, very nice cake, as well as the cooking of the oysters and basting of the chickens was under the direction of the Brethren and at 11-30 a. m. the tables were spread and not less tiian sixty Sisters were seated. The Brethren also officiated in the capacity of waiters, very much to the satisfaction of all present. At a later hour the Brethren sat dowu to this sumptuous feast of fat things and 50 THE :&gt;!ANIFKSTO. enjoyed the repast, we trust, with a growing thankfulness. In the evening the Brethren appointed a meeting to which the Sisters were kindly invited, and all that consistently could attend, were present, either as a matter of curiosity or from special interest in the success of the new year movement. The interesting and varied programme occupied nearly one and one half hours in reading, speaking and singing, wholly by the Brethren, and was appreciated and enjoyed by all present. Jan. 10. Ice crop harvested. Twelve hundred and fifty cakes, twelve inches thick. Quality excellent. A light snow has just fallen but not enough for business purposes. Henry ('. Illinii^