Enfield, N. H. Jan. 1893. We find very much to our satisfaction, that through all the past season, a special Providence has seemed to bless our daily toil in the united efforts given to heed the injunction of our Mother, in 'putting our hands to work and hearts to God,' with an abiding trust in the guardian care of that power which rules the wave, and gives hope to those who trust in the promise given, that 'they who wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength.' Since our last communication there has been quite an improvement in our Laundry, by the introduction of steam for washing purposes. This is brought from the large boiler at the barn, through pipes some 290 ft. in length, carrying force sufficient to heat water for all the washing and boiling of the clothes. There are pipes also around the room under the wash tubs, to warm the air, making it very much more comfortable than formerly. We find a very great difference in the amount of labor required to do the washing. We have not yet, all [the arrangements that are necessary for perfect convenience; some more tubs for boiling the clothes are needed, with other fixings which will eventually be done. Business in the mill is pressing. The contract for corn-planters must be filled, while things of less consequence wait. The majestic waters of old Mascoma were chained in ice on the 18th of Dec. just 18 days earlier than last year. On the 2nd of this month we began cutting ice for home use, 15 inches thick; a good supply is harvested awaiting the days when old Sol shall give us a scorching. We are having rather severe weather these days. On the 4th inst. Mercury was down to 18 below Zero. The family are in usual health generally, with the exception of some colds which could only be expected from the extremes of our New England climate. Julia Russell. North Family. Jan. 1893. The Jan. number of the Manifesto came to us laden with lofty sentiments of soul-inspiring truth; we were very favorably impressed with the spirit and tone of the piece entitled 'Cheerfulness,' by Sister Lucy Bowers. We can conceive of no helping power in sighing over, or complaining of weakness and decrepitude as concerns individuals or societies; such a spirit would have a tendency to eclipse the brightness of active goodness and thus retard progressive life; self-culture and holy aspiration can alone aid in bettering society. In nature's vast field of unbounded life, we see perpetual growth of bloom and fruitage, symbolical of godly attributes, ceaseless purity and continual goodness. And should not God's people blend in unison with infinite laws of increasing good? 'God loveth the cheerful giver;' such workers being in rapport with divine influences exemplify the beauty of holiness and aid in bringing about desired reform. ) the road to heaven's portals Is paved with willing, cheerful deeds; With acts of Christian courtesy, Which minister to those in need. Christ's mission was to bless and save, With cheering sentiment restore; The fallen, He did not condemn, But bade them go and sin no more. Since our last Home Notes, the dawn of a 'Merry Christmas' has added clieer and happiness to our lives; we made practical THE MANIFESTO. 51 the law of love by the giving of gifts, the singing of songs and other appropriate observances of the day. A company of Sisters from the Church family attended our services and partook with us the fruits of the Christmas tree; thus each annual festivity is freighted with instructive lessons, teaching the importance of cultivating mutual love, true unity and soul generosity. We have our supply of ice housed; it is of excellent quality, being free from snow. May the blessing of peace and prosperity abound throughout Zion. George II. Baxter.