Shaker Station, Conn. Jan. 1893. 'Buy the truth and sell it not.' If we obey the spirit of truth, it will lead us to perfect happiness. The power to be true and faithful is only gained by waging unceasing warfare against evil. The path of truth is the road to salvation. Truth and purity go hand in hand, and that which is true and pure should be exemplified in daily life. Let us be true and our great reward will follow. 'Be true,' is an admonition carrying with it an inspiration which not only invigorates life, but makes it enjoyable and beautiful. How much we need to watch lest we deviate from the path of truth. We should have a noble aim in view; be virtuous, wise and true. * * * Ground or broken bones is one of the best substances that can be fed to hens. It not only contains lime for shells, but also nitrogen and the phosphates. It should be kept before the hens in boxes all the time. In cold weather, fowls should be supplied with material for the egg-shells as_well as material to fill them. Sawdust is the best material for hens' nests, as it is less liable to break the eggs. More meat scraps should not be fed than are sufficient to keep them laying. Hardiness is the first consideration in selecting a breed of fowls. For first class layers, Leghorns hold the first place. Keep none but choice fowls and give them choice treatment. Daniel Orcutt. Jan. 9, 1893. Time flies so swiflly that we must beware, lest we neglect some of the important duties of the present, and before we Mass. THE MANIFESTO. 49 are aware the opportunity for contributing Notes for our loved Manifesto is past. We are thankful for our little Monthly and hope to be more punctual through the coming year. The weather for two weeks past lias been like winter, cold, windy and freezing with very little snow, but the prospect at this writing is more favorable for sleighing, as it snows quite thick and fast. The ice harvest has commenced to-day with us, it is clear and solid; ten to fourteen inches thick. Much labor and care has been spent in preparing the wood for home use, the past month. How many are the blessings that we enjoy. Health prevails'in our midst for which we render heart-felt thankfulness to the giver of every good and perfect gift, and for the mercy extended to this portion of Zion. The past year nearly five-hundred Publications have been sent in all directions from our home, to spread light and truth over the land. May the effort not prove fruitless, our labors for this glorious cause find no cessation, but 'Onward, upward is our motto.' Maria Witham.