World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated PROGRESS OF THE WORLD'S FAIR. The Buildings of the Exposition are being rapidly completed as the opening of the Exposition draws near. In the February issue of the 'World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated,' now the AUTHENTIC ORGAN of the Exposition (after the Fair, will be known as Campbell's Columbian Journal,) contains many full page illustrations of the buildings as they appear when finished. There are many elegant Photographs of the Statuary that is to adorn the buildings, besides several views of the grounds as they appear in midwinter. An interior view of the treasurer's office, showing the distribu- 80 THE MANIFESTO. tion of the souvenir coins, forms an interesting feature. A full account of Utah with cuts of the officials anil buildings, occupies several pages. Among the most important articles is a full account of 'Transportation for the Fair,' 'Agricultural Exhibit,' 'College Boys at the Exposition,' 'Catholic Congresses at the Fair,' 'Relics of Columbus,' etc. This February issue is the Second Arftiiversary of this publication. Its object is to make a complete Authentic Historical Record of the Exposition, to be handed down for ages to come. The first two Bound Volumes are now ready. As the Exposition draws near it increases in interest and value. It contains rich Illustrations of the buildings and exhibits. By reading it you can visit the Exposition at home, and a person can become familiar with the Fair before going to Chicago. One issue alone is worth a year's subscription. Good Agents are wanted in each town. S ingle copies 25 cents. Address, J. B. CAMPBELL.159 Adams St.. Chicago, 111. Everything about the World's Fair to date is magnificently illustrated in the Exposition Graphic, of Chicago. Number 3 of the great series is just out, and consists of 52 large pages with colored supplement. Fine views of the principal buildings are given, portraits of officers, illustrations of the dedication ceremonies in October last, including an imposing double-page engraving showing the ceremonies in the colossal Manufactures Building, with the largest audience under one roof in the history of the world. The number also contains fine representations of the principal groups of statuary and views of nearly all the State buildings. This number and the preceding two in the series may be obtained of any newsdealers or by addressing the Graphic Company, Chicago. Price 50 cents per copy.