Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. January. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1892. 23.81 7 in. %in. 1893. 17.5 2 in. 16%in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 42. above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 6. below 0 Number of rainy days ' ' 2. ' ' snowy ' ' ' 10. ' ' clear ' ' ' 9. ' cloudy ' ' ' 22. Calvin O. Reed. Feb. 10, 1893. How lonely we should feel if on the first of every month, we could not anticipate the arrival of our neat little Monthly. Coming as it does laden with items from the North, South, East and West, it is really a Carrier Dove, and has at least scored one point, toward a concentration of our forces. We have just received from the hands of the binders, the latest volumes of the 'Manifesto' and now having the set entire in our Church Library, we feel it to be a valuable acquisition thereto. No more worthy volume is found in our entire list (which is no meager collection) and why should it not be so. Turning its pages, we find the contributions of so many of our worthies, now passed to spirit life; and still many more living representatives, of the faith, who write of what they know, because experience has taught them. When we read something particularly good, how it enhances its value to know that the author's thoughts are the outgrowth of life principles, and if 'Thoughts are Things,' are we not ennobled by the reading of a book, directed entire, to a life of virtue, and an unselfish devotion to its cause. But these Notes are of the 'Manifesto' not of Home. The severe weather here as elsewhere in our latitude closes us in. But the spiritual life like the roots beneath the ice, is vigorous, which is manifest, by the spiritual communion we enjoy when the Church and Center Families, meet alternately in our places of worship, through the winter. Though nominally two Families, still we are of one interest, both spiritual and temporal, and our joys and sorrows are mutual. February thus far has given us wide extremes of weather, and we hardly know from hour to hour, whether we need umbrellas or furs. The Brethren are out one day chopping away the ice to let the surplus flood of water down into the proper drain, and perhaps in twenty-four hours are chopping again to find some water. Our water privileges are great, and our water excellent, but this we are too unmindful of, until some little disturbance in the channels, causes a halt in the usual abundant flow. It is then that we are reminded of the maxim: 'Pleasures and privileges, like birds of gay plumage, are better seen when on the wing.' Amelia J. Calver.