Shaker Station., Conn. Feb. 7, 1893. Fresh cabbage is an excellent food for hens in winter, it stimulates and gives exercise that healthy layers must have. This is worthy of trial. Cabbage should be kept in a cool place, handy to the poultry house, a supply of it should be stored in November. The lime and soda phosphate contained in the cabbage is essentially valuable to laying hens when out-door exercise is out of the question While chickens are young and growing, the albuminoids and nitrogenous foods should be fed largely to promote the growth of flesh, muscle, bone and feathers. Two weeks before marketing, cracked corn and corn meal are best. We tried this plan last season with marked success. Daniel Orcutt. Feb. 6, 18!tt. The weather at present is clear and very cold, as has been the case with but little change for the past six weeks. It has been a remarkably dry season, and to be deprived of water almost entirely in such a cold time adds much to the burdens of the day. We are drawing water in barrels for the Laundry and Dairy use, but with care we have water for cooking purposes from the spring which is very low. The stock are all driven to the meadow some distance from the barn, where by use of a pump they are supplied. About a week since thei'e was a nice shower which lasted two hours and every pailful was caught which it was possible to obtain. We have an excellent supply of ice, 1500 cakes. We are now making preparations for putting new heating aparatus into our dwelling house, as the intense cold weather necessitates something more desirable than our present mode and also to save expense and labor. We have a fine springin the meadow west of the house which could be utilized whenever desired to a good purpose by means of a wind engine. Health of all good. At this date the icy traveling is severe on both man and beast, and endangers the limbs of those who are not as sure-footed as they once were. The thermometer was two degrees below zero on the fifth inst. A high wind with this cold wave is now experienced. Maria Witlunn.