One of the most essential protective features... One of the most essential protective features of our beautiful, gospel Order, is in maintaining a 'Separation from the life of the world.' In the world, but not of the world was one among the many precious sayings of the Teacher. He knew the value of the position. It was not that one should become a recluse and waste away his ability for doing good among his fellow men, to bury his God given gift in the earth, and then live in exclusive selfishness. Such a life would be anything but creditable to those who professed to be honorable men and women. Our lives were not given to us to be of no more value than to eat, drink and sleep, and then perish. Life with us is the work of progression, the advancing from one degree of excellence to another in the interests of mankind. The monks of Egypt who fled to the mountains and to the caves in their separation from the active duties of the world, are no example for the men and women of to-day. Idleness, indolence and sensuality became the inseparable companions of such an unnatural course, and at the close of their career the world was made worse for their system of ignorant self-denial. The manhood of man and the womanhood of woman should not be ignored, nor foolishly left to waste away in an unprofitable manner. No system of religion can ever be introduced for the happiness of mankind and retain within itsc If the elements of success, if it fails to make man better, both temporally and spiritually, and increases, purifies and establishes his whole beingr in the work of doing gojd. To separate one's self from the world in accordance with the testimony of Jesus, is to turn from the wickedness that is in the world, to turn from all unrighteousness that has like noxious plants grown up in the hearts of men, and made them more like the sons of Belial than like the sons of God. THE MANIFESTO. 69 To live in a Community whether it consists of ten or of an hundred members, is an arrangement which becomes congenial to those who form the Community. It illustrates, most beautifully, for the Christian, the motto which is quite universally used throughout the country as individuals struggle for a sure position in life. 'In union there is strength.' A body of Christians who have covenanted together to consecrate their lives and all they may possess, for the happiness and prosperity of their fellow men, are more able, in their united efforts to accomplish this laudable enterprise, than they could in the isolated condition in which the world live. Their assistance to each other in all that pertains to the interests of this life, to their economy, prudence and general management, can be advanced many fold beyond what it could be in any other system of organization. This hundred fold blessing which Jesus prophesied should be the legitimate fruit of a Christian Community has already been so wonderfully realized, in its every phase, that a worldly-wise class, of eagle eyed penetration has charged it upon the Order that such a life is more selfish than is that of the world. It is an escape, say they, of the thousand and one burdens that must be borne in a life devoted to domestic interest or to the labors of a devoted philanthropist. Observed in the light of a man of this world, there is much reason for the statement which savors strongly of the wisdom which the Apostle says 'descendeth not from above, but is earthly and sensual.' James iii., 15. That those who have entered into a Community may become selfish and even indolent, and then consume these best gifts of God upon their lives of selfishness and lust need not for a moment be questioned. This is the devouring element of 'filthy dreamers' 'who have run greedily after the error of Balaam.' Like weeds in a neglected garden which crowd out the beautiful plants, so will an amalgamation with the sins of the world crowd out God's precious gift to man. Faithfulness to duty would have saved the garden and faithfulness to duty would add prosperity to the Community, while the same results that follow a neglected garden will follow with equal force a Community, a family or a neglected soul.