West Pittsfleld. Mar. 1893. We are bounded and surrounded bysnow. The blizzard which probably originated in the boreal regions, found its way hither on the 20th ult. After displaying his mighty blowing powers for two consecutive days, he took a short respite or journeyed to other localities, but returned after a day's absence with renewed fierceness. For several days it was a constant strife with Brethren and workmen, to keep highways and pathways in a condition that made traveling possible. We wonder if some of those Arctic explorers have not opened a channel through which those furious storms find their way into more temperate regions. Yet in the midst of storm and tempest, sunshine and calm, our trust is in an over-ruling Providence, believing that if we rely steadfastly on Him, working with patience the works which he requires, he will 'temper the wind,' give the promised seasons for sowing and reaping and in his own good time bestow every needful blessing. A company of loved friends from the happy land of Canaan, while enjoying a day's outing, kindly called upon us and spent a few hours in social converse, greatly to our satisfaction. Bless us again with your presence dear friends, a cordial and welcome greeting will ever be extended to all our gospel kindred from afar or near. On the 2nd inst. a company of young people from our place reciprocated the call and notwithstanding the bad condition of the roads were enraptured with their day's enjoyment. Another brave veteran, Elder Frederick Evans, a loved and revered Father in Israel, has passed on to the glory awaiting him in the heavenly life, full of honors and full of years. 'Blessed are the dead that die in the Lord,' who have nobly and faithfully wrought the work assigned them. And so they continue to leave us those consecrated worthies, whose presence was like a benediction, and whose countenances beamed with the light of purity. While biding our time here, may we wisely copy their Christian magnanimity and emulate their virtues. We fully concur in the opinion so warmy expressed in the March No. of Manifesto, regarding the increasing richness and growth of each succeeding publication. Julia L. Sweet.