WHY AM I A CHRISTIAN? Walter Shepherd. I should like to preface anything I may write on the above subject by a cordial endorsement of the remarks made by Elder Frederick, inviting us thus to devote our time and thought 90 THE MANIFESTO. on Sabbath days to the examination and study of the principles of our faith, and pointing out the benefit derived by committing thought to paper in an orderly manner. Some may wish to decline the effort because of other duties, because time will not admit of an elaborate or exhaustive essay, or because we do not wish to have our papers read to the family. These are feelings perhaps natural; but, in the cultivation of our faith, natural feelings of diffidence and indolence should be overcome. In answering the question, Why am I a Christian ? I will first define what I understand Christianity to be. True Christianity embodies the highest expression of divine truth, for the uplifting and salvation of the human race. The Christ angels have inspired prophets as mediums to utter saving truths suitable to the condition of the age in which they lived, and to the then receptivity of the race, since the beginning of creation. Jesus, the greatest exponent of Christian principles, gathered much truth revealed through other mediums : he reiterated it, and was inspired with a further and deeper revelation; chiefest of which was, unity of interest, in temporal and spiritual things, as against a selfish and exclusive interest. He taught the grand principle of human brotherhood, and inculcated the sublime doctrine taught in the parable, 'Unto this last also, will I give a penny.' The last man had only labored one hour, but his needs were the same as the other laborers; he had stood all the day idle, no one having hired him. Jesus said, 'Take no thought for the morrow, what ye shall eat, or wherewithal ye shall be clothed.' Mother Ann said, 'Put your hands at work, and your hearts to God.' This was better; and she had a stronger testimony against the lusts of the flesh, and the generative nature, than Jesus bore. That is now admitted by many thoughtful minds (in the world) to be the root of the evil tree in humanity, of which other evils are only branches. I am a Christian, because I see that a united, consecrated interest in the welfare of my associates and fellowtravelers on life's journey, cultivates my spiritual life, and best helps me to overcome the lower propensities of my nature, and that, by contact with other 'souls in the same work, my character is tried and tested, and my evil nature revealed to me. I have the benefit of the struggles and examples of others to help in overcoming my own weaknesses. I believe that this testing and re-testing of character, by contact with others, is the only way by which we can gain knowledge how to avoid evil, and gain strength to grow together, and to harmonize in good. It is the way laid down by the Christ spirit, for the salvation of the race. In common with others, I desire peace and happiness, and I know that the good and evil in me will not harmonize : I want to be rid of the evil and to cultivate the good. A Christian life is the only way by which this can be done; therefore I am a Christian. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.