Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. North. Family. March 14, 1893. The past few months in our home has been fraught with many scenes well calculated to develop the better qualities in those who look at them aright. We have had a very perplexing time with our water pipes, and the supply has been cut off from the reservoir. This came about in consequence of the pipe which conveys the water, (a four inch pipe,) being laid in the brook and for a considerable distance upon the surface, depending upon the snow to cover and keep it from freezing. The snow did not come until a long time after the frost, so the pipes were frozen and bursted. Several times we thawed out and repaired them, covering them with straw, but all to no purpose, except to get experience. After patching and wrapping several times with hands in ice water, until they were well nigh past feeling, or holding, we got experience enough. Our knowledge increasing, we added thereto wisdom, so that in future we will know just what to do. We tried most thoroughly thawing by hot water, setting up a large kettle in the brook, and by sprinkling the wood with kerosene oil, we got the water boiling hot, and found by inserting a small iron pipe and pumping the hot water through, it was very effectual for a hundred feet or so; but when we came to pump it three hundred feet, and the water having no opportunity to get away, it became well nigh useless. So we picked up our traps, put the kettle in order, and came home; quit using our water motors and got a steam engine, ceased bathing in the tubs and prepared ten quart pails in which to baptize. Then we went to desiring and wishing and praying that we might have a thaw and some rain. Well, it was a long time coming; but it came and with a rush. We turned the surface water into the reservoir and in a very few days it was nearly full. We have been doing a little missionary work by advertising; the fruits of which will appear in due season. As all are knowing to the demise of Elder Frederick, perhaps a little account of the final winding up of his notable career would be interesting. Thursday, the 9th, was the day appointed to do the last duties. A more characteristic day of his life and ministration could not have been chosen. A born Englishman, in the full sense and meaning of that word, ever on the alert to battle against error, and with his iconoclastic club to overthrow false systems and theologies without mercy, the day could not have been more apropos. The meeting house was prepared by starting a fire three days beforehand, and introducing a large coal stove, and every preparation was made for a large meeting. The roads over the mountain were in a very unsafe condition by reason of the enormous snow drifts, but all the same, notice was given out and we determined to do our best. Wednesday was beautiful; at 12 o'clock at night, the stars shone brightly; but before morning the heavens began to pour out, and they did not cease to weep, except at intervals, until the next day. In the morning we drove up to the grave, saw that everything was in order there; shoveled a path from the house to the place of meeting, preparatory to walking over; but the rain and the thaw came on so abundantly that it was impracticable for the Sisters to walk. We had loaned the large sleigh to our Canaan friends, and the roads from there were considered impassable, so they could not, or did not come up. We had just bought a light sleigh, which was prepared to carry the corpse, but this got broken before meeting, in traveling to and from the meeting-house. We tried to borrow an- THE MANIFESTO. 101 other, but failed; so we took our lumber sleighs, put the farm-wagon boxes on them, covered the whole with new blankets, and put on the riding wagon seats, lashing the back seat to prevent tipping, and carried the Sisters over amid wind and rain to the place assigned. The Brethren and boys put on their rubber boots and walked. To the great surprise of everybody, whom should we meet but Elder George Wilcox and two Sisters, coming from over the mountain, which was supposed to be utterly impassable, wending their way to pay their last tributes. At last we were assembled, and some few of our neighbors, and ready to commence the services at 1 o'clock. The meeting proper lasted three hours and a quarter; then came the the last duties; the interment. As the traveling was so very bad, only those who could be of service were appointed to go to the grave. Then followed a scene never to be forgotten. The water was coming down the road leading to the grave in quantity sufficient to drive a good sized saw-mill. Up a little distance, and over the cemetery, the snow from the hills had slidden down, covering the track entirely to a depth of from two to three feet. Nothing daunted, on we went till one side of the sleigh went down and only by stopping the team at once, and all hands holding on to the sleigh, was it prevented from tipping completely over. Struggling through the snow and water over the tops of rubber boots, we got to the grave and secured some shovels, dug the snow from the upper side of the sleigh to bring it down level, and from under the horses and in front of them, and so came right side up to the grave. This we found full of water and running over. Down to the house, by the short cut, to get pails; then we returned, bailed out the water and performed the last duty. Getting home about 6 o'clock, we sat down in solemn reflection. Elder George and company could not return over the mountain, even if they had so desired. They remained over until Saturday morning, then took the cars for home. Thus ended one extraordinary mundane life and a funeral service that was as interesting as it was arduous. There was thrilling music in the whole of it. The apparent discords only made the harmony more sublime. Music talks to the soul; and we have heard no uncertain sound. In kindest love, Daniel Offord.