NOTES ABOUT HOME West Pittsfleld. Mar. 1893. We are bounded and surrounded bysnow. The blizzard which probably originated in the boreal regions, found its way hither on the 20th ult. After displaying his mighty blowing powers for two consecutive days, he took a short respite or journeyed to other localities, but returned after a day's absence with renewed fierceness. For several days it was a constant strife with Brethren and workmen, to keep highways and pathways in a condition that made traveling possible. We wonder if some of those Arctic explorers have not opened a channel through which those furious storms find their way into more temperate regions. Yet in the midst of storm and tempest, sunshine and calm, our trust is in an over-ruling Providence, believing that if we rely steadfastly on Him, working with patience the works which he requires, he will 'temper the wind,' give the promised seasons for sowing and reaping and in his own good time bestow every needful blessing. A company of loved friends from the happy land of Canaan, while enjoying a day's outing, kindly called upon us and spent a few hours in social converse, greatly to our satisfaction. Bless us again with your presence dear friends, a cordial and welcome greeting will ever be extended to all our gospel kindred from afar or near. On the 2nd inst. a company of young people from our place reciprocated the call and notwithstanding the bad condition of the roads were enraptured with their day's enjoyment. Another brave veteran, Elder Frederick Evans, a loved and revered Father in Israel, has passed on to the glory awaiting him in the heavenly life, full of honors and full of years. 'Blessed are the dead that die in the Lord,' who have nobly and faithfully wrought the work assigned them. And so they continue to leave us those consecrated worthies, whose presence was like a benediction, and whose countenances beamed with the light of purity. While biding our time here, may we wisely copy their Christian magnanimity and emulate their virtues. We fully concur in the opinion so warmy expressed in the March No. of Manifesto, regarding the increasing richness and growth of each succeeding publication. Julia L. Sweet. Shaker Station, Conn. The experience of many persons has shown that it is by united effort that all progress has been made and lasting good accomplished. We should work in harmony with others and do all we can to progress in the right direction physically, morally and spiritually. There is strength in union. We should have a noble aim in view, and try to come as near the mark as possible. * * * When selecting eggs for sitting we should have the 'ideal hens' in mind. They should come from a prolific ancestry. We ought to know their past record and breed with all the care we take to get the choicest stock in animals. We have solved the problem of how to obtain plenty of eggs when they are forty cents a dozen. Warmth and a varied diet are indispensable. Hens must have the care that comes from a love of poultry, and it must be a regular and not a spasmodic attention. Daniel Orcutt. March 1, 1893. The stormy March with its winds and clouds is now reigning supreme, traveling is impeded with the snow drifts and many roads impassable. To reach the Depot from our place is quite difficult, and the fields are resorted to, and the aid of townsmen is required to keep any roads at all, as the wind fills up the track as fast as it is opened. The cream gatherer could not get through for three days the past week. The cold is not as severe at present as has been the past two months. Water is more plenty, which is a great blessing. Our new heating apparatus is now in working order and will be THE MANIFESTO. fully appreciated. We have ten Radiators with coils in upper and lower halls which warm the house perfectly comfortable with one small furnace which is heated with coal, doing away with stoves and wood which required so much attention to keep warm at all. We are now released from the burden of providing wood which is quite an expense, and it will also be a saving of labor for those who provide it. These improvements are desirable to make home comfortable. We are truly thankful for the many blessings which are ours to enjoy. Health prevails in our midst. Bountiful Father praise to thee for thy unfailing goodness. The past I leave alone with Thee, My guardian and my stay; And with a spirit calm and free, I onward take my way. Maria Witham. Enfield, N. H. North Family. March, 1893. As we meet and mingle in the duties of life with the busy multitude of human beings, how varied our experiences; there are persons, who, like pleasing theories or some fine toned poem, make deep and lasting impressions upon us; they enter into our lives with precept or good examples, as noble ministers of true Christianity. While we may be able to gather valuable matter from abroad, we can also find much in our own homes equally as interesting and useful, in our intercourse with those united to us by like ideals and life works. True love for our fellowbeings creates Christian service, 'to try all things, but hold fast to that which is good,' and give of acquired soul wealth to others, with the devotedness and sweetness of spirit which characterized the late Phillips Brooks, who helped to make the the field of religion bloom with flowers of virtue and to eradicate from society that corruptibleness which destroys noble manhood and womanhood. 'Lives of great men all remind us, We can make our lives sublime; And departing leave behind us Footprints on the sands of time.' Awakened to the realization of moral responsibility, thus leaving life records proving that virtue pays, is the connecting link that binds the pure in spirit on earth and in heaven. As each flower adds beauty to earth's garden, so each mind with its individual aroma, should add to society, honor in its special sphere of action, nurtured and sustained by the spirit of godliness; for conscience, without Christian culture is mammon's servant, while the Christ garnished, make practical God's laws, and form the solid fabric of his Church, which the moth of lust or the rust of selfishness cannot soil. And what purer work is there than to uplift fallen humanity, and give to society that culture which makes all free and equal, intelligent and happy? At present we are walled around with huge banks of snow, remnants of the 20th and 22nd days of Feb., at which date snow drifts measuring from five to eight feet deep could be found in nearly all directions. Sisters not only proving indispensable in the domestic departments, have been well engaged in working on sale hosiery, throughout this cold season. We were much pleased with the March Editorial; please accept our thanks for the same, with love for all. George H. Baxter.