Shakers, N. Y.. Second Family. March, 1893. It is an old saying, one extreme follows another; so it is as regards the weather. In our last we were lamenting no snow, and now we have too much. We also have had but little water; probably the next will contain accounts of floods; so it goes the year around. There is always something a little out of joint and not just as I would have had it, thus wails poor humanity. As we have been snowed in the past month we have not much that is new or interesting to write about. Our Beloved Ministry are here at their Valley home. The health of Society is as good as could be expected considering the cold and changeable weather. If blizzards and windy wTeather have anything to do with longevity, we have had enough the past month to make us think of Methuselah' s age. But we have come to the conclusion that there is enough for us to worry about that we can help, and to worry as little as possible about what we cannot help. It is well that we have not the charge of the weather for I do not think we cotild improve it, or make people more satisfied, therefore, let us remember that a contented mind is a continual feast. Isaac Anstatt. THE MANIFESTO. 97 North Family. Mar. 1893. What a bond of union the little Manifesto is, on its monthly visits, bringing the best thoughts from dear Brethren and Sisters. It must be the tree that 'yieldeth its fruit every month,' and is for the healing of the nations. By the time these notes appear the preliminary work on the farm and garden will have begun. What can be a more valuable adjunct to and as a means of healthy living than a well kept garden where not only the necessaries but some of the luxuries can be produced that will thrive in this climate. And while the subject of horticulture is under discussion we would say to all lovers of melons, that they can be had from two to three weeks earlier than common by the use of a cold frame, glass, without bottom heat cut sod about six inches square and four inches thick from rich pasture land, invert and plant under glass early enough so that by the time out-door planting is ready they will have made growth to their fourth or sixth leaf and be ready to set in the open ground. A tastefully arranged and neatly kept flower bed in the lawn or dooryard is a source of innocent pleasure and profit to young and old. We know of no one flower that will give such a magnificent display and is as hardy as Drummond Phlox. Every lover of flowers must make his own selection. The kinds that can be selected from, are legion. The wish from our beloved Brother, Daniel Orcutt that the Manifesto could make weekly instead of monthly visits touches a responsive chord in the souls of many of its readers. We are not given to indulge in flattery but would say with honest feelings, may the Editorial shadow never grow less, and all of the workers on our little missionary feel their hearts encouraged and their hands strengthened. We remember the words of Lawrence, 'Don't give up the ship,' and though at times out of sight of land we know that we have a pilot who is safe and we shall yet enter our port of destiny. Hamilton DeGraiv.