Books and Papers. Alden's Cyclopedia of History A REMARKABLE HISTORY. We recently published a strongly commendatory notice of 'Alden's Cyclopedia of History.' In the interest of our readers we wish to repeat and emphasize what we said. A good Universal History ought to be in every home; this is certainly excellent, if not the very best for general use and reference ever published, covering all nations (except the United States, to be published separately) and from b. c. 5004 to a. u. 1892. Certainly it is the cheapest historical work we have ever seen; but that is what readers generally will expect from Mr. Alden, who has done so lu-ich to place the highest class of literature within popular reach. To get such a vast amount of matter within such small compass the type used is necessarily small, but it is beautifully clear, and the paper, printing and binding are of the best. Send 10 cents to Mr. Alden and he will send you a sample volume of UiO pages, containing the history of several nations complete, by which you can judge for yourself whether you want the entire work. His catalogue of choice books, 128 pages, sent post-paid for 2 cents, presents a wonderful feast for book lovers. Address John B. Alden, Publisher, 57 Rose St., New York. Poet's Number of Vick's Floral Guide PANSIES. . This group of pansies is especially fine. The pansy, though an old fashioned flower, never seems to lose its popularity. The sentiments that we have learned to connect it with have brought it nearer to heart and home than any other blossom. This Poet's Number of Vick's Floral Guide also contains many valuable hints to the horticulturist, on the laying out of flower beds, illustrated by diagrams, the planting and sowing of perennials and annuals, the cultivation of shrubs and bulbs, etc. We earnestly recommend it to the attention of all who have time to improve their hearts and minds by the development of a refining and elegant taste. We have had proof positive by the flowers we have raised from seeds furnished by the genial publisher, that the brilliant chromos that adorn his work are far from being overdrawn or too highly colored. The utilitarian will find pages and illustrations devoted to luscious fruits and succulent vegetables, from which an appetizing odor seems to rise as we turn the attractive leaves. The 18!);J issue is called the Poets' Number because it is filled with appropriate quotations from prominent authors, making it of great interest to all. Five elegant colored plates, with lithograph covers, descriptions ol newest and best vegetables, all for only 10 cents, which can be deducted from first order. The publishers are James Vick's Sons, Rochester, N. Y.