Canaan, N. Y. April, 1893. We venture, this month, to cast in our mite in all humility of spirit, small though it seemeth. The beautiful spring-time is approaching; the time to prepare the soil and sow seed. This we are actively engaged in. But not material seed in earthly soil alone would we sow, we have sowing and planting of a superior kind to attend to. We have an interesting company of young people in our family, who form what they call 'Our Educational, Ethical, Floral Circle.' Educational, because it afford; opportunities for education. Ethical, because good manners and morals, culture and refinement are included. Floral, because each member is designated by a flower name symbolic of brightness, cheerfulness and innocence. The circle denote equality as all have equal opportunities, equal advantages and are equally compensated by making equal exertions. They hold meetings bi-weekly in which very interesting original articles are read, poems and dialogues recited, and one subject discussed verbally at each meeting. Music vocal and instrumental is added. One of the members is chosen to preside over the neeting whose duty it is to make out a written programme which she gives out at each meeting assigning a task suited to the age and ability of each one. We feel anxious to sow this garden with good seed, to have the rain of heaven (spiritual baptism) descend thereon and the bright rays of God's sunshine (eternal truth) beam upon it, that beautiful plants may be brought forth of knowledge, wisdom, righteousness and peace; blessed fruits of the heavenly kingdom, and we therefore humbly and earnestly solicit the prayers and good feelings of our gospel relation in our and their behalf. We can not afford to give all our time and attention to the maintenance of these physical bodies. We feel pressing upon us the responsibility of transmitting the testimony of this beautiful gospel to other souls that they with us may help to carry on the grand work of human progress and redemption. We fully indorse the ideas of Elder O. C. Hampton and are ready and willing to curtail our wants to our necessities and thereby gain the much desired time for mental and spiritual development; but do not as yet see clearly how matters can be changed and satisfactorily adjusted, but hope the good time is not far off. Emily Offord.