Shaker Station, Conn. April, 1893. The Apostle asks the question: 'What is your life?' He was speaking of the brevity of life; but the question may be asked in connection with our every day life. Does the life correspond with our profession? It certainly should. Christ tells his followers to let their light shine. If we are the salt of the earth let us show our preserving qualities. If we are the light of the world, let us shine. Let us attend to our duty; do the work THE MANIFESTO. 121 required of us, and we shall receive the 'well done' at last. Each day brings its duty, and if we do those things that should be done, we shall have no time to do that which is wrong. O the glorious victory that is sure to come, makes the burden lighter on our journey home. May is always a busy month and every day should be improved to the best advantage. Brain work tells better than muscle. We should not try to till too much land, to do less and do it better may be the wisest. When spring comes it does not last long, so we must spring to the work. Nothing is gained by planting too early. The secret of having eggs in winter is to have pullets hatched in March or April that they may be fully matured before cold weather. Leghorn pullets hatched in April should lay by the first of November. The profits in poultry as in everything else, depends on proper management. Hens pay cash for all labor bestowed on them. Good judgment in feeding hens will produce good results. Too many chickens should not be kept in one flock. Daniel Orcutt. April, 1893. We once more welcome the spring days with the merry voices of the buds, and gladly bid adieu to ice and snow, although the past week there has been a cold storm with three inches of snow which hastily disappeared being rather late for service. The roads are now passable. Spring work will doubtless come forward rapidly as ploughing has commenced. Our potatoes have sold readily the past month without any effort to dispose of them. Painting and repairing our dwelling hotise &amp; being pushed forward with rapidity, and the improvement of the heating apparatus is now considered a good labor saving improvement and gives perfect satisfaction. Health prevails, and this blessing with every other so bountifully bestowed, causes our hearts to overflow with thankfulness and gratitude to God for his love. Maria Witham.