INQUIRY. No. 9. What is sin according to the Shaker faith? Sin is a deviation from right, while righteousness is to do right, to think right, to speak right and to act right. To pursue any other course is wrong, crooked or sinful. Jesus says, 'Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.' To make crooked paths is not as Jesus taught, it is unrighteousness or sin. To the Jew, sin was a transgression of the Mosaic Law. This was given of God for the prosperity of the children of Israel and to hold them as a peculiar people, among the nations. God wrote the Law on tables of stone, but at a later date he promised to write his law in the hearts of his people, with this assurance, 'I will be their God.' To keep this law is the beginning of wisdom, and no less a valuable lesson in practical righteousness, while to depart from it inculcates unrighteousness, and is consequently a sin. This law so essential to the Jew, was a system of discipline for a more advanced order of life, or it served as a schoolmaster to bring the soul to Christ. Here was a higher light, a deeper religious teacher, who carried his disciples into a righteousness that demanded of them a greater self-denial and a closer walk with God To accept Christ we must accept his life, and this becomes our salvation. Any neglect on our part to fulfill these sacred obligations, is unrighteousness or sin against the light of God. A Christian Community must be established on the foundation of righteousness, and its rules and regulations must protect it against the elements of a worldly life. The spirit of God must enter into its government and be the ruling influence of the whole order. To trespass upon this government, to teach contrary to the protective principles of the Community is a trespass upon our religious obligations, an injury to our God-given home, and consequently a sin against the Community and against God. 'Strait is the gate and narrow is the way that leadeth unto life.' Righteousness makes a strait gate or path, but sin makes the path of life crooked. In the loving kindness of God he promises to take from the Jews all the diseases of the Egyptians if they would THE MANIFESTO. 12fi only keep the Mosaic Law. It was indeed, a very close test of a nation's righteousness, and yet it proved to have a very salutary effect upon this wonderful nation. To see a sick Jew was, at once, an evidence that sin was at his door. Jesus, after healing the sick man, said to him, 'Behold, thou art made whole : sin no more lest a worse thing come upon thee. This sick sinner must then go to the priest, confess his sin against the Law, and make his offering of atonement. He possibly may have eaten a piece of pork and as that was forbidden by the Mosaic Law he had need to confess it, as does every Christian who eats the scrofulously diseased animal. Dr. Foote says, 'Both man and hog are intemperate eaters, and addicted to filthy habits, and while mankind are injured by eating hog, a healthy animal to-day, would in time become diseased by eating man.'