RE-INCARNATION. Louis Basting. The idea of re-incarnation, or more strictly speaking, transmigration of the human soul, is very ancient. It has and does exist among barbarous as well as highly cultivated races. Its basis seems to be the instinctive belief in a continuous existence, influenced by the fear of death and the desire for life. It has given rise to the noblest thoughts and profoundest speculations the unaided human mind is capable of; and the* grossest superstitions and the most absurd puerilities are founded upon it. In the Phsedo of Plato, treating of the Immortality of the Soul, the Greek intellect reached high-water mark; modern philosophy can add nothing to it, except it be derived from another source. But it is among the swarming millions of India that this doctrine has found its most numerous adherents and reached its fullest development. The Brahminical and Buddhist religions teach that the soul must undergo an almost endless cycle of births before it becomes fitted for union with Brahman, or reach Nirvana; that conduct in this life will determine the nature of the next birth; if good, a higher grade awaits it; if evil, a lower condition will result. They have constructed an elaborate system that assumes to decide the penalty or reward for every action. He who steals a Brahmin's money will pass a thousand times into the bodies of spiders, snakes and other unpleasant things; if he steals grain, he becomes a rat; if milk, a crow; if sirup, a dog, etc., etc; while virtue will cause souls to re-appear in the form of teachers, hermits, kings, and demigods. Buddhaism holds that a man's-demerits may change him into a woman, a slave, an animal, a plant, or a stone; he may make his appearance in one of one hundred and thirty-six hells where the shortest term is ten millions of years; or his meritorious life will land him in one of the many heavens where the least duration of enjoyment is ten billions of years. But no matter what his state of misery or happiness has been, or how long it has endured, it must come to an end and he must be born again, and then his position may be completely reversed. One who has been a blessed spirit may be transformed into the vilest object on earth, and an inmate of hell may become a god. No wonder that their one chief desire is to become mergad into Nirvana, a state of which forgetfulness, rest, sleep and absorption, seem to be the constituent elements. Some features of this system are not without usefulness. It is related of Buddha that in order to call the attention of the monks of a monastery to the importance of maintaining order and cleanliness, he pointed to a broom THE MANIFESTO. Ill and told them that it had once been a monk who had been negligent in his duty of sweeping the hall of assembly. Now let me refer you to that memorable night interview between Jesus and Nicodemus. 'Except a man be born again he can not enter the kingdom of God. That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the spirit is spirit,' are the Master's words. Read of God's infinite love for the world, sending his son to save it, not to condemn it; not to subject his erring children to hopeless despair and endless torments, but to make it possible for all to be saved from their sins by faith, repentance and good works. Plato reasoned high and well of immortality, yet he was but groping in darkness till the Light of the World illumined the path of man; Buddha might honestly seek by prayer, fasting, meditation and poverty to gain a little better state for the next birth, but Jesus teaches that whosoever believeth in him shall have everlasting life. This change of purpose, heart and life, this faith, cometh even as the wind bloweth. There is no time set for it, no place appointed, it cannot be bought, learning will not obtain it, self-torture will not gain it; only the abiding faith and trust that blossoms into a continuous righteous endeavor secures the second and final birth that leads to full redemption and immortality. How beautiful this is, how completely according with the design of a wise and good God; how sublimely spiritual in conception and operation, how plain and simple, adapted to the needs and understanding of poor mortals; and how ludicrously wretched and absurd, how fatal in its consequences, dividing the people into inseparable castes, degrading woman, destroying hope, paralyzing industrial activity and intellectual effort, how grossly materialistic, is this cruel, God-less Eastern nightmare of re-incarnation! And, finally, since the experiences of all these multitudinous births are lost and forgotten, they are valueless, and the miserable soul becomes the mere plaything of fate and chance; while he who is spiritually born again is fully conscious of having entered the higher life. These lines have been written because of the frequent anouncement in a Western paper which is advocating a new system of theology and cosmogony, including apparently the doctrine of re-incarnation, that Believers unqualifiedly endorse that system. The editor and his friends have a perfect right to their views, but they should not make claims which can not be substantiated. It has long been the boast of Believers that they had no written creed, but they did have very decided opinions as to theological ideas and a practical religious life. In the authorized publications we frequently find the phrase 'the present faith of the Church,' which of course was the logical development of the faith taught by Mother and the first Elders, which faith was based upon the gospel of Jesus Christ. Is it not time yet to get together and formulate the present faith and further development from the platform of former days ? We don't want a cast iron creed, but we need a statement of principles upon which all can 112 THE MANIFESTO. agree, leaving plenty of room for individual opinions, but avoiding confusion and looseness of essential doctrines, which inevitably result in laxity of discipline and disregard of essential precepts and requirements. West Pittsfield, Mass.