Campbell's Columbian Journal WORLD'S FAIR WILL OPEN MAT 1. As the crowning result of the great efforts that have been put forth by the officials, the Exposition will be open to the world May 1st. The April issue of the 'World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated,' authentic organ of the World's Fair which was established n 1890, contains a resume of the present status of the Exposition. After the Fair, this paper will be known as 'Campbell's Columbian Journal.' This number contains information from the Great Departments of the Exposition, under specially designed appropriate headings; also special articles on 'What It Will Cost to See the Exposition,' How to See the Fair,' 'The Exposition will be Ready,' 'No Exorbitant Prices,' 'Adequate Transit Facilities,' 'Can not Close the Gates,' 'Problems to Solve,' 'Art Works Chosen,' 'Siamese Exhibit,' 'South Africa Exhibit,' 'Mexico Exhibit,' 'Display of New South Wales,' 'Columbus' Documents at the Fair,' and 'IT. S. Coin Exhibit,' etc., etc. A mong the multiplicity of copper plate illustrations are 'The Persian Violet Exhibit,' 'Sculptors at Work on Colossal Figures,' full page cut of 'Machinery Hall;' also 'Agriculture 1 Building,' 'Statue of Four Seasons;' 'Peristyltic Statue,' 'Bird's-Eye View for center piece,' 'Official Map of Exposition, with key to Exposition, State Buildings and Concessions,' 'Statue of Franklin,' 'Lord of the Isles,' 'Vast Boiler Rooms,' 'Guatemala Building,' 'Views of New South Wales Mining Exhibit,' also 'Mammoth Ferris Wheel,' etc., etc. Among the noted personages is the Boy King of Spain, who with President Cleveland will open the Exposition; the Queen Regent, late King Alphonso XII., Princess Eulalia, Prince Antonio de Orleans, President Barrios and wife of Guatemala, together with Chief John M. Samuels for frontispiece, etc., etc. Altogether this issue is a library of information, and coining as it does just before the opening of the Exposition, it is invaluable to all who intend visiting the Fair, and is still more valuable to those who can not. One number is worth more than a year's subscription. The object of this publication is to make a Complete History of the Fair. The First Bound Volumes with indexes to 1,000 illustrations, are now ready. The publisher wants good agents in every town. Subscription price 12 issues $2.75. Sample copy and full particulars sent for 25 cts. in stamps. Address, J. B. Campbell, President, 159 &amp; 161 Adams St., Chicago, 111. Lime, Vegetarianism and Endurance of Heat, are in Science of Health Department. The Anthropological Notes are very instructive, and so are the Editor's Items and Correspondents' columns. A good number all through, as subscription price is now $1.00 a year or IS cts. a number. Address Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 25 E. 21st St., New York.