DREAM LIFE A DELIGHTFUL BOOK-IK MARVEL'S DREAM LIFE. Not many books by American authors will receive from book-lovers so nearly unanimous a verdict of 'delightful' as Ik Marvel's (Donald G. Mitchell) 'Dream Life;' so the new edition of it, reduced in price from $1.25 to 20 cents (postage 5 cents extra) just now offered by John B. Alden Publisher, is sure of an immense sale. It is a very pretty volume, large type and dainty cloth binding, notwithstanding its fabulously low price, which is accounted for by the expiration of copyright and the passing into Mr. Alden's hands from the higher priced publishers. Mr. Alden's Catalogue of Choice Books, 128 pages, issued monthly and sent for a 2-cent stamp is a vei'itable 'literary gold mine.' Address, John B. Alden, Publisher, 57 Rose Street, New York. In the April Phrenological, (Fowler &amp; Wells Co.,) the elaboration of character discussion is more than usually pronounced and more than usually interesting. The editor of the Christian Union and preacher in Plymouth Church, Dr. Lyman Abbott, is accorded first place with a sermon that exemplifies the principles of mental science in a notable fashion. How they have accorded honor to Miss Frances Willard in England is warmly stated by Lady Somerset over her signature. Orange Judd is sketched appreciatively, with a portrait of the progressive advocate of American farmers. F. Marion Crawford, the well known novelist, is carefully 'phrenographed' from life and an excellent portrait given. Professor Sizer continues his very taking series on 'Heads and Faces,' and illustrates the woman's side of organization convincingly. Dr. J. L. Capen talks of the objections of certain doctors that don't seem much like objections when analyzed. A clear statement of what Psychometry is, answers a question on that point. Mrs. C. F. Wells gives sketches of Mrs. Sarah Jane Hale, the Rev. Lucius Holmes anil others of the leading spirits in the early life of American Phrenology; as Mrs. Hale v s very eminent in literature forty years ago, her influence was of high importance. A Pursuit after Vitality contains some hints from personal experience. Faith and Chloride of