Books and Papers. The Boston Camera Club An article that will attract all interested in the photographic art is 'The Boston Camera Club,' by Benjamin Kimball, in the April New England Magazine. It is finely illustrated with samples of the best work of the members of the Club. The Ladies' Home Journal SHE KEEPS EIGHTY SERVANTS. The Countess of Aberdeen, who keeps eighty servants in her home in Scotland, and is considered to be the one woman in Great Britain who has come closest to a solution of the servant-girl problem, will tell of her methods of treating her help, etc., in an article for The Ladies' Home Journal entitled 'How I Keep My Servants.' DREAM LIFE A DELIGHTFUL BOOK-IK MARVEL'S DREAM LIFE. Not many books by American authors will receive from book-lovers so nearly unanimous a verdict of 'delightful' as Ik Marvel's (Donald G. Mitchell) 'Dream Life;' so the new edition of it, reduced in price from $1.25 to 20 cents (postage 5 cents extra) just now offered by John B. Alden Publisher, is sure of an immense sale. It is a very pretty volume, large type and dainty cloth binding, notwithstanding its fabulously low price, which is accounted for by the expiration of copyright and the passing into Mr. Alden's hands from the higher priced publishers. Mr. Alden's Catalogue of Choice Books, 128 pages, issued monthly and sent for a 2-cent stamp is a vei'itable 'literary gold mine.' Address, John B. Alden, Publisher, 57 Rose Street, New York. In the April Phrenological, (Fowler &amp; Wells Co.,) the elaboration of character discussion is more than usually pronounced and more than usually interesting. The editor of the Christian Union and preacher in Plymouth Church, Dr. Lyman Abbott, is accorded first place with a sermon that exemplifies the principles of mental science in a notable fashion. How they have accorded honor to Miss Frances Willard in England is warmly stated by Lady Somerset over her signature. Orange Judd is sketched appreciatively, with a portrait of the progressive advocate of American farmers. F. Marion Crawford, the well known novelist, is carefully 'phrenographed' from life and an excellent portrait given. Professor Sizer continues his very taking series on 'Heads and Faces,' and illustrates the woman's side of organization convincingly. Dr. J. L. Capen talks of the objections of certain doctors that don't seem much like objections when analyzed. A clear statement of what Psychometry is, answers a question on that point. Mrs. C. F. Wells gives sketches of Mrs. Sarah Jane Hale, the Rev. Lucius Holmes anil others of the leading spirits in the early life of American Phrenology; as Mrs. Hale v s very eminent in literature forty years ago, her influence was of high importance. A Pursuit after Vitality contains some hints from personal experience. Faith and Chloride of Campbell's Columbian Journal WORLD'S FAIR WILL OPEN MAT 1. As the crowning result of the great efforts that have been put forth by the officials, the Exposition will be open to the world May 1st. The April issue of the 'World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated,' authentic organ of the World's Fair which was established n 1890, contains a resume of the present status of the Exposition. After the Fair, this paper will be known as 'Campbell's Columbian Journal.' This number contains information from the Great Departments of the Exposition, under specially designed appropriate headings; also special articles on 'What It Will Cost to See the Exposition,' How to See the Fair,' 'The Exposition will be Ready,' 'No Exorbitant Prices,' 'Adequate Transit Facilities,' 'Can not Close the Gates,' 'Problems to Solve,' 'Art Works Chosen,' 'Siamese Exhibit,' 'South Africa Exhibit,' 'Mexico Exhibit,' 'Display of New South Wales,' 'Columbus' Documents at the Fair,' and 'IT. S. Coin Exhibit,' etc., etc. A mong the multiplicity of copper plate illustrations are 'The Persian Violet Exhibit,' 'Sculptors at Work on Colossal Figures,' full page cut of 'Machinery Hall;' also 'Agriculture 1 Building,' 'Statue of Four Seasons;' 'Peristyltic Statue,' 'Bird's-Eye View for center piece,' 'Official Map of Exposition, with key to Exposition, State Buildings and Concessions,' 'Statue of Franklin,' 'Lord of the Isles,' 'Vast Boiler Rooms,' 'Guatemala Building,' 'Views of New South Wales Mining Exhibit,' also 'Mammoth Ferris Wheel,' etc., etc. Among the noted personages is the Boy King of Spain, who with President Cleveland will open the Exposition; the Queen Regent, late King Alphonso XII., Princess Eulalia, Prince Antonio de Orleans, President Barrios and wife of Guatemala, together with Chief John M. Samuels for frontispiece, etc., etc. Altogether this issue is a library of information, and coining as it does just before the opening of the Exposition, it is invaluable to all who intend visiting the Fair, and is still more valuable to those who can not. One number is worth more than a year's subscription. The object of this publication is to make a Complete History of the Fair. The First Bound Volumes with indexes to 1,000 illustrations, are now ready. The publisher wants good agents in every town. Subscription price 12 issues $2.75. Sample copy and full particulars sent for 25 cts. in stamps. Address, J. B. Campbell, President, 159 &amp; 161 Adams St., Chicago, 111. Lime, Vegetarianism and Endurance of Heat, are in Science of Health Department. The Anthropological Notes are very instructive, and so are the Editor's Items and Correspondents' columns. A good number all through, as subscription price is now $1.00 a year or IS cts. a number. Address Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 25 E. 21st St., New York. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. April. Contents. Phrenological 'Character of Prof. Haddock; Dietetic Errors; Hygiene; Not only Health but Humanity; Vegetarianism and Moral Purity; Anti-Vaccination; Virtues of Air and Water; Salt in Cold Climate, etc., etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co., Kokomo, lnd. Hall's Journal of Health. April. Contents. The Advancement of Women; Tobacco; Behind the Counter; A Chapter on Wrinkles; Infectious Diseases; Town and Country; Hurried Dinners; Keeping Fruit and Vegetables; Docking Horses'Tails; The Future Life; Superstitious Remedies, etc., etc. Office 200 Broadway, New York.