ADDRESS delivered at the funeral of Jason B. Pool. Louis Basting. We find in the ancient scriptures the death of every king of Israel recorded with the phrase : 'he died and slept with his fathers.' This stated not only the fact that their bodies were deposited in the tomb of their ancestors, but also the view entertained in those early days of the nature of death; it was regarded as a sleep, an endless repose. The ide'a of the immortality of the human soul was then 132 THE MANIFESTO. almost unknown. Job asked the question : 'If a man die shall he live again?' By means of reasoning, the exercise of hope and faith, and the inner light that came to him, he could answer that question in the affirmative. But not till the coming of Jesus Christ was the future life fully revealed. After the crucifixion he appeared again and again to his people and gave indisputable evidence that death had no power over him, that the grave could not hold him. This was the direct confirmation of his teachings and prophecies. 'Because I live ye shall live also. I go to prepare a place for you, that where I am you may also be. I am in the Father, the Father is in me, and I in you.' Here we see the fulness of the redemption revealed, which is the complete union of1 the soul through Christ the mediator, with God the Father and Creator of all. This blessed consummation is the final destiny of those who have entered into eternal life here in this world, by faith and prayer and sincere repentance. 'He who will confess me before men, him will I confess before my Father ; he who denies me before men, him will I deny before my Father.' Some visible act, some evidence of a desire for a better walk of life and conduct than the merely natural, is required. 'If a soul lift but its little finger it will finally be saved,' said Mother Ann. There are people among savages and heathen who have never heard of Christ, and who are yet merciful, honest, truthful and pure above the standard of their nation; they follow the inner light and are accordingly accepted. But much more is expected of those who have heard the gospel message ; for to whom much is given, of him much is required. And still the fact remains that however earnest a man may be to become righteous in all respects he will fall and fail many times. The record of the lives of the best of the human race, and our own experience among those whom we honor, trust, and look up to as examples to be followed, prove that there is no such thing as moral and spiritual perfection iu the mortal state. Lawgivers and prophets, saints and apostles, to whose devotion the world is so greatly indebted, all failed at times to live up to what they preached and taught. Look at Peter. Jesus was about to leave the world, but told him he could not yet follow him. 'Why can't I follow thee now?' says Peter; 'I will lay down my life for thee.' Before morning this enthusiastic man three times disclaimed all knowledge and acquaintance with Jesus. Such erratic conduct is not uncommon. No man,, however good and correct his conduct has been, is fitted to enter after death at once into full communion with God. There is a further work to be done. Like a plant that is removed to a more congenial soil for growth and expansion, is the soul whose germ of spirit has unfolded into some degree of life on earth. There are, no doubt, dead souls who never get beyond the grave; who have refused to accept Christ under whatever name or in whatever form he approached. Let us hope that there are not many. THE MANIFESTO. 133 While it is utterly unscriptural to conceive an endless state of torment for unrepentant sinners, it is equally irrational to think that all, no matter what their lives have been, will be saved and live. Immortality is conditional. Jesus Christ came to bring eternal life; he imparted the knowledge that leads to it. He is the Savior still. For, were men to be judged by Divine Justice only, all would be condemned; no soul could live. But Divine Love, represented by Jesus, interposes the plea of mercy; for he was man himself; he knew what was in man. Then the soul is given another opportunity ; the law of life and death is placed before it again, and removed from the fetters of the body, no longer subject to the attractions of worldly pleasures, the evil influences of sin and corruption in society, of hypocrisy in the church, it may obtain the gift of eternal life. This is progress. The souls of men entering spirit life are just what they were in earth life ; death has not changed them ; the character and individual propensities are the same. But, released from the burden of clay, the sensibilities and perceptions must necessarily be finer, regret for past transgressions must be keener, remorse on account of slighted opportunities more acute, the suffering and agony which all genuine progress involves, must be more intense. Hence the supreme importance of using the knowledge which the gospel of Christ imparts aright. Guided by its spirit earth life becomes most successful, affords the highest contentment and accomplishes the greatest good ; although this is a mystery .unapprehended by the natural mind. Death becomes a mere transition ; the new life opens as a new day, without shock or terror. What is more reasonable than to suppose that our departed brother has been met by friends, Believers, whom he has known and loved; that they have made him welcome to a place among them; that they know the needs of his soul and are able to supply them ; that they will endeavor to lead him, surely and gently, to higher planes of thinking and living! I believe that this will be the case with him; I hope that every soul may find true friends and helpers in the world to come; I pray that it may be so with me. West Piitsfleld, Mass,