THE MILLENNIAL DAWN. Hamilton DeGiiaw. ' Tis coming up the steep of time and this old world is growing brighter.' Viewed from the mount of spiritual exaltation, the perturbations and apparent retrogressive movements of hiir man society are but the ebullitions of the surface. The mighty current of life in its entirety is moving onward and upward. If it were possible to be otherwise, then the hopes and ambitions of the individual soul for better conditions would be futile, a false light, a hollow mockery to the promptings of the higher life; and the struggle for advancement would be a striving against fate. But not so. The fiat has gone forth, 'Let there be light.' To the student of history in reviewing the conditions of life ever since the dawn of historic time, the advance has been slow, but permanent. Where darkness once brooded upon the face of the waters in both a material and spiritual sense, now the illumination of positive knowledge on questions pertaining to the life of man lighten up the dark chambers and render the problem of life easier of solution. We see many incongruities, false conditions that exist in our modern, social life, and at times are inclined to become pessimistic, but when compared with centuries past, they show a marked increase on the line of permanent advancement. 'Upward the course of empire must take its way.' No antagonistic forces will for a moment be recognized, as its ultimate destiny is marked out, and that is, eternal progression. The feelings of the philanthropist are touched and deeply grieved at man's inhumanity towards man, but what of the time when those feelings were unknown to the race? The fact of their being felt is proof positive that man is on the ascending scale. Yea, the brotherhood of man is coming. So courage, comrades! 'I see a light, a light on the distant horizon, its rays illumine the path of the pure and betoken the coming morning.' Those glorified souls that the revelator saw, while in vision he viewed the progressive work of redemption, that had come up out of deep waters of tribulation, is typical of the ultimate destiny of the race. Is there a sane person that to-day would be willing, if it were possible, to go back and live in even the best society four hundred years ago? The time between now and then is so short that comparisons can be drawn. At present the physical forces in nature are being grappled with a firm and determined spirit; and the injunction is being literally obeyed, to 'go forth and subdue the earth.' When the work of physical subjection has been in a lai'ge measure accomplished and the earthly elements are THE MANIFESTO. 131 moving in concord with the divine spirit in the race, then the unfolding of the spiritual part will advance with increased rapidity. Among all the vast material that has accumulated through research into the antiquity of the race that is clouded with doubt and uncertainty, two facts stand out prominently and in bold relief, entirely removed from the realm of questionable ideas. First, the fact that through the most careful and painstaking geological investigations, the race of genus homo has existed on this planet for a time so remote that it is difficult if not impossible to compute the time in years. Second, that the start was very low in the scale, so low that the most degraded specimens of the race at present can not be compared with them. But the inspiration for advancement was there though latent, and was slowly but surely through tribulation asserting its right to move upward. And who can grasp the idea or comprehend the possibilities in store for future generations? The superiority over the present will be as the transcendent beauty of the noonday sun eclipses the reflected light of the moon. Oh that we could all have our spiritual sight opened as the young man did while with the prophet on the mount and realize that they that are for us, are more than those against us; and tnat every one who lives the truth and is striving with an honest heart for the advancement of the brother and sisterhood of the race, is surrounded by the hosts of heaven, and holy angels of light and power are hourly ministering to their needs. The advancement has been in cycles or the rising of sub-races to appoint when their vital forces were exhausted, and they apparently receded or were absorbed in younger and more vigorous ones, they in turn conserving what had been gained and advancing onwai'd and so upward to the present time. Shakers, N. Y.