Canterbury, N. H. May, 1893. If steady, unbroken progress is the endeavor of every Christian, it is especially so for us who profess to follow Christ in the full regeneration. We, Brethren and Sisters, are called to a much greater soul work than we are apt to realize. Every member of the household residing within the walls of our Zion home, should at the present time especially look well to the foundation on which he stands, and upon which he is building. Unless the fruits of our daily lives are such as will merit the blessing of God we shall sooner or later be branded as unprofitable servants. Mother Ann, Father William, Father James, and all the other honored witnesses of God's last dispensation, proclaimed on the housetops that we as a people are called to build up a spiritual temple, in whose hearts God might come and dwell. There is no comparison between a beautiful home with conveniences for all possible material comfort without spiritual life, and the humblest dwelling where peace, harmony, and the love of God reigns, and where whole-souled selfabnegation excludes every vestige of selfishness. That we may all be induced to weigh ourselves in the gospel balances, making up light weights before we are weighed in those balances by God and found wanting, is my earnest and wrestling prayer. Our spring work has begun by vigorously taking hold of plow handles in our gardens. We are also beginning to think of our Hamamelis business for the season, and of our spring medicine Sarsaparilla. In this connection we refer to a recent pleasing incident; viz., the arrival at our office from the last Mechanics' Fair held at Boston of a beautifully executed Diploma, awarded us for the general excellence and utility of our handiwork, exhibited last fall at the fair. On reading the discriminating tribute of the judges of the fair we were induced to look up with some degree of interest a previous Diploma which was awarded us by the judges and committee of chemicals of the Mechanics' Fair held in Boston in 1847, for our Compound Concentrated Sarsaparilla, prepared by our late much esteemed brother, Dr. Corbett. I ought to say that this carefully prepared medicine of superlative excellence still stands at the head 148 THE MANIFESTO. and is far away up over the like preparation that finds a ready sale in these days of indefatigable advertising. At the present time it is not the best, but the best advertised which secures the patronage of unwary sufferers from ills that unhealthy flesh is heir to. Albert Evans. North Family. Weather Record for April, 1893. Highest Tem. during the month, 63. Lowest ' ' ' ' 14. Mean ' ' ' ' 37.9 Total precipitation 2. 29 Greatest ' in 24 hours .54 N. A. Bkiggs.