World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated OPENING OF THE COLUMBIAN EXPOSITION. After two years of incessant labor, the World's Columbian Exposition, is open to the world. The 'World's Columbian Exposition Illustrated,' authentic organ of the Fair, established Feb. 1891, has kept pace with the great enterprise. This is shown by the complete and excellent 'Opening Souvenir Number,' the May issue of this Magazine. As an illustrated work, the May issue far surpasses any previous number. It has a specially designed lithographed cover em. blematical of the occasion. Among the more prominent illustrations are the Frontispiece 'Senor Dupuy de Lome,' Commissioner General from Spain to the Exposition; Full page illustrations of 'Opening Ceremonies,' 'Horticultural Domes,' 'View on the Lagoon,' 'Silver Statue of Montana,' 'Miss Ada Rehan,' 'Great Terminal Station,' 'Locomotive Samson,' 'Will of Queen Isabella.' Other illustrations are 'President Cleveland,' 'Series of Tickets,' 'United States Big Gun,' 'Japanese Screen,' 'Dedication of Japanese Ho-o-den Palace,' 'Death of Queen Isabella,') 'Columbus Quadrega,' 'Cathedral Chimes'' and 'Cleopatra's Needle,' from Crystal Cave; 'Spanish building,' 'Spanish Pavilions in Manufactures and Agricultural buildings,' 'Sweden's building,' and a colored Centre Piece showing the entire Exposition and Uncle Sam welcoming the nations. Among the leading articles are, 'A Columbian Institute,'1 ''The Happy Day Has Come,' 'The Triumph of Centuries,' 'Hail the Opening of the World's Columbian Exposition,' 'Accommodations at the Fair,' 'Official Programme,' 'Auditor Ackerman's Report,' 'Terminal Railway Station,' 'A California Woman's Work,' 'Montana's Statue of Justice,' 'Crystal Cave at the Fair,' 'Among the State buildings' and many others of interest. This number is the richest yet published, and as this is the only publication entirely devoted to the Exposition interests, while answering for a complete guide, the entire issues will form an Authentic History of the World's Columbian Exposition. Every person should have a copy of this issue. The publishers want reliable agents in each town. Sample copy of Opening issue sent for twenty-five cents in stamps. Address J. B. Campbell, 159 Adams St., Chicago, 111.