Shakers, N. Y.. Second Family. May, 1893. On what topic can we write that will be of interest to all concerned? is a hard question to answer. Surely, if we write for Home Notes we must write of home and home surroundings, whatever they may be; and as the weather, if fair and pleasant or the opposite, has an influence on home and individuals, so will the weather always come in for a share of attention; and as we write from Maine to Kentucky, it gives us a chance to see the extremes of the elements. We at present have an abundance of rain, and though the grass is green, warm weather is yet afar off. It is a poor time to get in crops. Still we were fortunate enough to sow all our oats in April. Have planted a few early potatoes, peas, &amp;c. in the garden for family vise. We are always sorry to chronicle illness, while we feel it is a sin to be sick, especially when we are well. If that be the case we shall have to confess, and try to get well. We have had many cases of La Grippe in our Society, and a few cases of measles. We hope and trust all will get well and none of the cases prove fatal. Let us so live that when our time comes we may be prepared to obey the summons. Isaac Anstatt. THE MANIFESTO. 145 North Family. May, 1893. In recording Home Notes for the month, the very pleasant one is remembered of receiving as a present for our library, a copy of Canon Farrar's 'Life of Christ,' from our dear friend, J. G. Toepper of Washington, D. C. It is an illustrated work of seven hundred and sixty-five pages, and will be a companion to Munkacsy's 'Christ before Pilate,' of which we have a very fine copy three feet by two mounted and placed in the entrance hall of our home at the north. We can affirm by personal knowledge that the efforts of those here who minister the testimony of the higher life in our meetings for spiritual communion are successful. We have been greatly blest by the outpourings of the spirit that we have felt in those seasons, proving conclusively that there are those here who have come up through ^leep tribulation and are in truth virgin souls. La Grippe has been placing its grip upon some of the household, but it has been bidden to depart to the desert with the rest of the evil conditions. We are favored with plenty of moist weather at present, retarding farming operations somewhat; but trust it will be all right if we patiently wait. Hamilton DeGraw.