Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. May. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1892. 64.23 9-% in. 0. 1893. 55.52 5^in. 0. Highest Temp, during this mo. 80. above 0 Lowest ' ' ' '36. above 0 Number of rainy days ' ' 13. ' ' snowy ' ' ' 0. ' ' clear ' ' ' 12. ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 18. Calvin G. Reed. June, 1893. 'Home is where there are friends to lova-us.' This simple sentence seems to peep out from between the lines of Home Notes on every page, and as we count over the several Homes of our Communal relation, we rejoice that there are so many strong pillars supporting our household. If in each of these homes every member is striving to the best of his ability to contribute time and talents for the general good, no failure need be feared. A few brave, earnest, unselfish workers, are worth a thousand whose only aim is to sap the good from Society, and contribute nothing to its material, mental or spiritual support. I like the little story which represents a timid woman at heaven's gate, who, when asked of St. Peter what her credentials were, by which she was entitled to enter, could only reply in the negative to all inquiries regarding Church work, foreign missions, almsgiving, etc. St. Peter nearly discouraged, at last said: 'Well, my good woman, was there no one to give you a recommend.' 'O,' she sighed, while tears filled her eyes, 'I have never needed a recommend, let me return, for I was loved at home.' At these words the gates flew open as if by magic, and orders were given to place her among the fairest of the many mansions, for, said Peter, 'those who are loved best by those nearest them, need no transformation to complete their angel-hood.' At a recent Sabbath evening gathering on the lawn at the North family, Elder Daniel Offord urged upon all the necessity of so caring for our premises, that no corner, however remote, need fear inspection. This clarion call should reach every home, for there are none so young nor so feeble, but what might contribute their mite of labor to beautify Zion. An interest in home asks for no stated hours of labor. Strength should be our measure, and this to be used and not abused, lest like the spendthrift, we find our inheritance gone when we most need it. Amelia J. Calver.M