NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. May. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1892. 64.23 9-% in. 0. 1893. 55.52 5^in. 0. Highest Temp, during this mo. 80. above 0 Lowest ' ' ' '36. above 0 Number of rainy days ' ' 13. ' ' snowy ' ' ' 0. ' ' clear ' ' ' 12. ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 18. Calvin G. Reed. June, 1893. 'Home is where there are friends to lova-us.' This simple sentence seems to peep out from between the lines of Home Notes on every page, and as we count over the several Homes of our Communal relation, we rejoice that there are so many strong pillars supporting our household. If in each of these homes every member is striving to the best of his ability to contribute time and talents for the general good, no failure need be feared. A few brave, earnest, unselfish workers, are worth a thousand whose only aim is to sap the good from Society, and contribute nothing to its material, mental or spiritual support. I like the little story which represents a timid woman at heaven's gate, who, when asked of St. Peter what her credentials were, by which she was entitled to enter, could only reply in the negative to all inquiries regarding Church work, foreign missions, almsgiving, etc. St. Peter nearly discouraged, at last said: 'Well, my good woman, was there no one to give you a recommend.' 'O,' she sighed, while tears filled her eyes, 'I have never needed a recommend, let me return, for I was loved at home.' At these words the gates flew open as if by magic, and orders were given to place her among the fairest of the many mansions, for, said Peter, 'those who are loved best by those nearest them, need no transformation to complete their angel-hood.' At a recent Sabbath evening gathering on the lawn at the North family, Elder Daniel Offord urged upon all the necessity of so caring for our premises, that no corner, however remote, need fear inspection. This clarion call should reach every home, for there are none so young nor so feeble, but what might contribute their mite of labor to beautify Zion. An interest in home asks for no stated hours of labor. Strength should be our measure, and this to be used and not abused, lest like the spendthrift, we find our inheritance gone when we most need it. Amelia J. Calver.M Shakers, N. Y.. June, 1893. As we have had an editorial invitation to concentrate, we will try and boil down our contributions. Will our beloved Elder Oliver please tell us how to prepare Okra in using it as a substitute for coffee? To any of the readers of the Manifesto who have never tried it, we will give a very simple method for canning rhubarb. Peel the stalks and cut in pieces one half inch in length, fill the glass sealers as full as it can be pressed in and pour on water until the jar is full so as to exclude the air, and put the cover on tight. It will keep in perfect condition. Thou Lily of the Valley, fair Watervliet, our life's destiny has been cast with thee. In thy prosperity we will always rejoice, and in thy tribulation we will share. We read with pleasure the Home Notes from the dear Brethren and Sisters and the expressions of faith and hope by the faithful ones. May their hearts be encouraged and their hands strengthened to do battle for the truth. Hamilton DcGraw. Second Family. June, 1893. A whiter says, 'No task is well performed by a reluctant hand.' Therefore, if we would succeed in any undertaking, 167 168 THE MANIFESTO. we must go about it with a cheerful heart, whether it be temporal or spiritual. Crops are rather backward and planting a little late on account of cold, wet weather; have had one good crop only, and that is cut worms. They have been extra busy and quite numerous. The past' week has been very warm and good growing weather. We are glad to say that the health of society is much improved. Elder Josiali Barker, who has been a short time at Mt. Lebanon to recuperate, has returned much improved in health, thanks to kind friends at the Mt. We endorse the editorial in June number, that our mission is a home work, a spiritual calling. While others are pulling down, let us build up a home for those sick of sin and sinning. Let us keep our lamps full of oil, as wise virgins. Isaac Anstatt.