TESTIMONY OF SAMUEL JOHNSON, SEN. Having had considerable acquaintance with the religious principles, customs and manners generally known and practiced in this country; and having had experimental knowledge of the operations of the Divine Spirit upon the soul, not only during my connection with the professors of a popular religion, but also after receiving the glorious light of the gospel now revealed by the second coming of Christ; I feel it my indispensable duty to bear testimony in favor of this gospel, as the only means of salvation, the divine efficacy of which I have faithfully proved. And having been personally and intimately acquainted with those blessed witnesses of G-od who first ministered the gospel to us, I feel myself bound to testify to the purity of their lives, and to maintain the truth of their Christian principles. But before I proceed any further, it may not be improper to give the readers of this testimony a sketch of my own life and experience. My native place was Durham, in Connecticut. My parents were members of the Presbyterian church, in good standing, and respectable in the world. I was brought up strictly, anl carefully instructed in the principles of their religion. From a child, I w:.s the subject of religious impressions, and had strong convictions of sin. When I was quite young, I well remember, while walking in the garden one day, my mind was turned to a serious consideration, that death was the common lot of all, and I knew not how soon it would be mine. These thoughts filled my mind with great concern about what would become of me if that should soon take place. I saw at that early period, that my nature was lost from God, and prone to evil. After this, I used to retire alone and pray to God the best way I was able, and sought religion according to the best of my understanding. I spent much time in secret prayer, when I was alone and exposed to danger or temptation; and was careful to kneel and pray to God for protection before I went to sleep. I believed that if I indulged myself in any wickedness, I should never see God in peace, but should be banished from his presence; the thoughts of which I could not endure. Still I could not subdue the carnal propensities of an inbred nature ; and therefore I could not feel a 154 THE MANIFESTO. justified conscience, nor find power over sin. On the contrary, I found my evil propensities grew stronger as I grew older; so that after all my labor, I found myself still lost from God, and destitute of the power of salvation. After coining to the age of maturity, my religious experience was considered sufficient to entitle me to membership in the Presbyterian church. And being strongly solicited, I became a member of that church, and made a public profession of that religion, was instructed in their doctrines of election, decrees of God, imputed righteousness, the resurrection of the natural body, and other doctrines maintained by that sect; and, like other professors, I endeavored to conform myself to all their rules of discipline, and, under the influence of those principles, for a time, thought myself a good Christian. In 1764, being about twenty-one years of age, I entered Yale College, where I pursued my studies with assiduity, and was zealous to bend the course of my literary attainments to theology, having a view to the ministry, according to the custom of the times. After spending one year in college, I was sent on a school mission, to teach the Indians of the Five Nations. Here I had many opportunities to learn the artless simplicity of unsophisticated nature, in these poor natives of the wilderness ; and to contrast it with the sophistry, superficial pomp and artful dissimulation, so common in countries and among nations claiming the exalted benefits of civilization. This increased my views of the lost state of the world, where the displays of genius and the artful refinements of civilized man, in many cases, only tends to add corruption to a fallen nature. After spending one year among the Indians, I returned to college; where I continued my studies three years longer, and was graduated in 1769, and two years after, received the degree of A. M. During my residence in college, my mind was greatly exercised respecting the Christian world, so-called. It appeared to me that they were all far short of the order and power of the primitive Church. I inquired of the most learned and able divines, particularly of the celebrated Dr. Goodrich, of Durham, whether there was any regular succession of the order and power of the Divine Spirit, from the apostles to the ministry of the present day. I was informed that there was not; but as we had their example and precepts in the letter of the scriptures, we could do no better than to follow them. This put me in a great labor. I could not see how those who had not the Spirit of Christ, could be true ministers of the gospel. Nor could I see how there could be a Church of Christ without a transmission of the same power, in regular succession, down to it; because the churches, so-called, must, in that case, be off from the primitive ground of the Church established by the apostles; and therefore could not be the true churches of Christ. Nor could I see any way for them to find the true ground on which the primitive Church was built, without a second manifestation of the same Spirit Till: MANIFESTO. 155 through some medium or other ; since, according to the confessions of the most learned divines, Christ must be absent from the churches which went by his name. From this time, my mind was directed to look for the second coming of Christ. I inquired of the most eminent divines around, how long it would be, according to their calculations, before Christ would make his second appearance. They informed me that it was near at hand, and according to the best calculations that had been made, it would be about twenty years. I have since observed that this calculation brought the period very near to the time when the Church of the United Society began to gather into order. About this time, in passing through the burying ground at New Haven, I felt my whole soul absorbed in prayer to God, that I might live to see the second appearing of Christ. After I left college I still felt strong religious impressions; but as I could not find any who could show, to my satisfaction, any greater light than that of the church to which I belonged, I concluded to continue my connection with it and seek religion according to that system. And being fervent in spirit, I soon felt as though I had a call to preach the gospel. After passing through a course of preparatory studies, under the instruction of Dr. Goodrich and others, the call was approved, and I was licensed to preach, by an association of ministers at Pittsfield, Mass. For a time, I preached where opportunity offered. At length I received a call, and was ordained pastor of the Presbyterian Church in New Lebanon, November, 1772. This was the first congregation ever formed in this town. I continued in this charge about three years and a half, and endeavored to discharge my duty according to the best of my understanding and abilities. But I could not find that spiritual substance which my soul craved; although I felt a measure of justification in doing the best I could do in my situation. I still felt a great lack of the spirit and power of salvation, and could say, in the language of St. Paul, when speaking in the character of the natural man seeking after spiritual life, 'With the mind I served the law of God; but with the flesh the law of sin.' As I knew of no way out of the flesh, I conformed to the customs of the world, was married and had a family. At tlie commencement of the revolutionary war, I was. inspired with an ardent zeal in the cause of liberty; and in the station I held, contributed my best efforts to my country's cause. The disorganized state of the society where I was settled, occasioned by the war, induced me to seek a dismission from my congregation; and I obtained an honorable discharge, with a recommendatory certificate from the association. Soon after this, I had another advantageous call; but I did not feel myself at liberty to comply with it, because my mind had begun to be awakened concerning that system of religion which I had hitherto professed and preached. I saw that it was on a false foundation, and that it did not and could not administer the power of salvation. This filled my soul with inexpressible tribulation. 156 THE MANIFESTO. I labored and cried earnestly to God that I might find something better and more substantial than I had hitherto found in any scheme of religion, or among any of the professors of religion I had ever met with. I saw that they were all, or nearly all, more or less guilty of biting and devouring one another, and shedding each other's blood. I was led to see, and was fully convinced, that the spirit of war, according to the apostle's doctrine, proceeded from lust; and that people could not be the followers of Christ, and live in wars and fightings; because we were required, by the very spirit of Christianity, to put away all contention and strife, and to ''follow peace with all men.' Hence I saw that war and bloodshed could not belong to the kingdom of Christ; and that they who pursued this course of life, could not be led by his Spirit. Some of the most eminent among the Reverend Doctors labored hard to bring me back to the old foundation, and to the traditions of our forefathers ; but all to no purpose. I told them we were all lost and blinded by these things, and that the true nature and spirit of Christianity was not among us. The labor and tribulation of my mind increased, till I was driven to the borders of despair; nor could I find anything to afford consolation to my spirit, or alleviate the anguish of my soul; and I was only saved from distraction by the hope that I should live to see the second coming of Christ; without which I could see no way of restoration from the corruptions of a fallen nature, nor any deliverance from the shackles of a false religion. I fasted and prayed to God, night and day, for a long time. At length it pleased God to give an answer by his mighty power, which descended in divine operations, and struck a death blow upon all my natural powers, and paralyzed every propensity of my nature. It was then clearly manifested to me, by the visions of God and the spirit of prophecy, that the coming of Christ and his kingdom were at hand, even at the door. These gifts of the Divine Spirit, I considered as the fruits of my being baptized into the spirit of that remarkable revival which took place in New Lebanon, and the adjacent towns. After despairing of ever finding the real work of salvation, upon the old ecclesiastical foundation, and hearing of this revival, I went to see whether I could find the work of God among them. I first attended a meeting in Hancock, among the subjects of this revival; I went, praying to God that I might know the truth, and be kept from error. I was soon convinced that the Divine Power attended this meeting, and here I first received it. I then requested the brethren 'to come over and help us.' They accordingly came to Stockbridge, where I then lived ; and many there caught the spirit of this revival, and received the like spiritual gifts. The substance of all those gifts evidently tended to show that the second appearing of Christ was at hand; that a complete separation from all the creeds and systems of religion known among professors would then take place; and that the way of salvation from sin would then be made manifest to the people. THE MANIFESTO. 157 Although the spirit of that revival soon ceased, I still maintained my confidence in the promises of God then given, and firmly believed I should soon see them fulfilled, and that the second coming of Christ would shortly be ushered in, by a clear and evident manifestation of his Divine Spirit. Nor was I disappointed in my expectations of this great event; though the manner of it was beyond all human calculation. Its commencement was, indeed, 'as a light shining in a dark place;' and the messengers who first proclaimed the glad tidings, were people 'wondered at.' The first direct intelligence I had of them, was from Tallmadge Bishop, about the beginning of June, 1780. He was one of the first who had visited them from these parts. He came to see me at my house, in West Stockbridge, and informed me that he had seen a people who had all the gifts of the apostolic church, and gave me a particular relation concerning them, which need not be here repeated. As I knew the man well, and had knowledge of his former labors in the revival, I fully believed his report, and he was indeed a welcome messenger to me. The next Sabbath I attended a meeting at New Lebanon, where I saw Samuel Fitch, who had also been to see these strangers, and had united with them. He had the power of God upon him, and was exercised in divers operations. I felt an evidence in my soul, by the sensible operations of Divine Power, that this was the fulfillment of my former prophecy, and was fully convinced that it was the beginning of the second appearing of Christ, and the setting up of his kingdom on earth. Some years before this, I had been afflicted with a long course of the fever and ague, which finally settled in my legs, and produced a lameness that prevented me from walking much on foot. But when I received this confirmation of the glad tidings of the gospel, and saAv and felt these wonderful operations of Divine Power, it produced such a miraculous effect upon my bodily powers, that I was enabled to set out immediately on foot, to go and visit these strange people. And though I traveled about thirty miles the next day, I felt no inconvenience from it. (to be continued.)