OUR CALLING. Jessie Evans. What can be more vital to the interests of Believers, than the establishment of the kingdom of Christ 'on earth as it is in heaven?' What lesson of greater importance to the Christian aspirant than to wait upon the will of our God, concerning those things, which perish not in their using ? The days which have been to-morrows and the to-days which have swept into the eventful past, bring us to a realization that we must work while the day lasts and walk while we have the light. Hearts and brains are throbbing to the demands of this active world of ours, pens are dipping into the momentous issues of our day, impulse born of necessity is actuating many to renew the importunate knocking at the door of spiritual supply, and prayers, deep and fervent, are ascending to the throne, from which has never proceeded a negative answer. Light is breaking above us, and we are moving toward it, with the throng of eager, anxious souls. The Sower moves also, passing silently through the masses, sowing, sowing, 'no respecter of persons.' Here a seed, there a seed, 'one taken' into notice, 'and the other left' for a season ; still the ceaseless tread of one who walked 'the wine-press alone,' continues. 'So is the kingdom of God, as if a man should cast seed into the ground, and should sleep and rise night and day, and the seed should spring and grow up, he knoweth not how.' The operations of God's spiritual work in the .souls of men are deep, hidden, secreted from the gaze of in- THE MANIFESTO. ISO competent judges. As the tree matures silently, surely, without visible movement, so is the growth of the soul; such is the establishment of the kingdom within. The hour which may prove the crisis in mental conflict, the consummation of years of untold sorrow and contest, is known but to God and the struggling soul; mortal eyes may brand it as indifference. The connection between cause and effect is clearly traceable, when the effect is brought to view. 'He knoweth the end from the beginning.' But it is the object of these simple lines to commend and recommend those stages of spiritual growth, which must intervene between the cause and effect of our salvation, as links in the chain of life span the chasm between the Here and Hereafter. It is wisdom for the young to seek counsel; it is vigor and blessing in the measure to hold it to the hearts of the experienced. The seed of truth is a gift of the divine Sower. Its germination depends upon the condition of the mind which receives it. The necessary temperature of humility, trust, watchfulness and prayer, must be carefully preserved. Should the chilling winds of doubt or self-love sweep over the place, the development is retarded. The food of thought, reflection, selfexamination is demanded daily by the swelling germ. The air which is wafted from more flourishing gardens is a beautiful incentive to growth. The salt, which loses not its savor, is a fine fertilizer. The waters of repentance, the sunshine of love, perform a wonderful part in this wonderful work. No one of these salutary conditions alone, effects the development of the seed of the Spirit's sowing, but the combined operation of all produces that which gladdens the hand that sowed it, the heart that matures it, and the eyes of all who behold it, The growth of the soul, as of the body or a tree, may be termed endogenous. All that effects the external life, the mental faculties, the thoughts, words, and ways that are the expressions of our life, works from within, outward. The noble, self-sacrificing, religious element of our United Societies, the result of all members moving toward spiritual life 'as the heart of one,' should be the nucleus of a revival of soul work, to move as circling eddies from shore to shore of our socalled Christian land. This is but the effect of a legitimate cause. As the mountain may be reduced to individual grains, and the ocean to drops, so is God's missionary field composed of individual souls. Christian co-workers, let us look well to the interests of this hour, wisely, patiently developing the germ within, which will in due time shelter souls under its wide-spreading branches; drawing them from vice, from the downward road; and inviting to the pure, humble, restful blessings, with which our heaven upon earth and the heaven beyond, are stored. In no other condition or ambition, may we, with our peculiar religious calling and election, merit the approval or benediction of the Sower, who passed us not by.. East Canterbury, N. H.