TWO GREAT PERILS. BY THE BISHOP OF CENTRAL NEW YORK. [Contributed by Eldress Anna White.] Apakt from the great matters of personal religion which the Prayer Book, the Scripture Lessons and the voice of the Ministry will press upon you, let me call your attention particularly to two public perils which threaten immediately, and on every side, the society in which we live. One of them is sensuality, in the three principle forms of luxurious living, intemperance in drinking, and impurity. No one of these three gross sins is confined to one class of people; for although wealth may be said in some sense to be necessary to luxury, yet among the middle and poorer ranks, hardly less than among the rich, in country and city alike, we see an eager passion for excitements and indulgences which are in no true sense moral or intellectual, but animal. We see the spreading poison of inflamed and pampered fleshly appetites- We see it at the tables and in the evening parties of well-dressed persons who are ambitious of a certain sort of gentility, but who eat and drink as if eating and drinking were the chief relish of life, rather than conversation, or books, or the arts of beauty, or any useful service to God or the neighbor. We see it in the vile illustrations of shop windows and the dainty foulness of a literature soaked in corruption. We see thousands of men and women of every grade of education whose aims and efforts, if the truth were plainly told, bear mainly upon pleasures which are of the body, not of the mind or the spirit. It is a degrading confession. It ought to put every one of us upon sober thinking. With all our boasts of progress and knowledge, we are yet living at so low a rate. Our public schools, free suffrage, general information, and enormous outlays in machinery, have lifted us no higher than this. Is civilization then only in what is outside of us, in abundant liquors, costly dishes, exquisite cookery, personal display ? Heathenism had them all, often Avith less drunkenness and less lust. Does not our Christianity need a new analysis, and another reformation ? The one hideous vice of intemperance has assumed such frightful dimensions as not only to desolate homes, and generate threefourths of our crimes, and consume health, and cripple industry, and impoverish the homes of the working class, but it aspires to control legislation, enslave the newspaper press, coerce town or municipal government, and even dictate the policy of parishes and the message of God's prophets in pulpits. So it has come about that, in all our communities, the men of Christ the manifp:sto. 1G3 are obliged to choose their side, and take their place, on conspicuous public questions, by the principles of their Master Christ, and to act and speak and vote accordingly. The virtue of Christian manhood needs much bracing up. The moral power of Christian women in social fashions needs to be re-inforced. The moral sense that discriminates between right and wrong, truth and falsehoods, chastity and uncleanness, requires a keener edge and a bolder courage. These reformations we all know, demand a steady and lifelong struggle; but in the hard task shall we not be the better for the offered assistance of another Lent, with all the cleansing and invigorating force of sanctuaries, the Bible, and the promised gifts of the Spirit? The other special danger threatens most the safety of our children. If you ask yourselves the question how and where most of the boys and girls now growing up among us are expected to get a thorough and consistent training in the principles and practice of Christian morality, or in the elements of Christian character, you will, probably, in shaping your answer, come upon the appalling fact that I refer to. It will be acknowledged that such a training is not to be found, for a majority of the children, anywhere. It is left by the families to the common schools, and by the common schools, utterly engrossed with secular studies, to the Sunday schools, and by unsystematized and ill-governed Sunday schools (where vast numbers of the children never appear) to chance. We hear the note of alarm. Juvenile crime increases at a fearful pace. Crowds of the young of both sexes, without parents or any protection whatever from the worst harm, are seen on the streets every evening. Their manners in public conveyances and other places are rude and even immodest. They are already on the verge of ruin. In cities the}' are drawn into poolrooms, theatres, saloons, innumerable pitfalls. In rural spots too, they are not secure, because their moral life has not been nurtured and strengthened along with their physical and mental life. This generation has fallen thoughtlessly into this danger, losing in many ways much of the home breeding of our ancestors, and is just waking up to the discovery of it. The Church certainly has its Divine law, and knows its duty. It is pledged to educate as a Christian, and rear for immortal life, every child it baptizes. If it is recreant to that trust it can not escape the curse, in a disobedient, disorderly, profane and dissolute offspring. It is for the wisdom of our wisest men, clergy and parents, to meet this grave problem and to devise measures befitting its importance. Meantime, the holy obligation laid on mothers and fathers in their homes is clear. The line between good and evil is to be drawn sharply, and early. All possible light is needed, all possible counsel is to be obtained. The guiding grace of God is to be sought. Where shall it be sought if not at his mercyseat and altar? What better time to seek it than in these forty days of religious thought and communion? Lenten Pastoral.