Canterbury, N. H. A fixed and abiding faith in God and especially as regards his great works in the earth, instead of suggesting a tendency toward inactivity on the part of his people, points in the opposite direction, to that of the greatest activity. The entire strength of the household being fully put forth in obedience to the convicting spirit within every Brother and Sister is the only condition that influences the supply of our needs by God out of his riches in glory by Christ. Those who thus help themselves will be helped. All of us, without exception, have talents and energies entrusted to us as stewards for use, development and improvement. Inactivity means decrease and decay. If the wilderness and the solitary places bloom and blossom as the rose, it will be done when hands are at work and hearts given to God. I can never look around until I have thus looked within the walls of Zion. Our gardens have been highly favored by the weather and are becoming useful as well as beautiful. The early product of the salad kind are finding their way to the kitchens and on to the dining rooms. Our general crops including hay, potatoes and fruits are full of promise. The main water supply is engaging close attention just now, the machinery all round, being in process of reconstruction and improvement. The water supply being thus cut off, we are now using water from the wells in our door-yard, which is being delivered by the faithful and diligent hands of those who find themselves compelled by stress of circumstances, as temporary water-carriers, to man the pumps and grip the pails. It is quite a lively occupation, to pay the oft recurring visits to kitchens, bakery, dairy, and Infirmary. The obsolete hand churning in our dairy has come back again, with its twin brother, water-carrier. Let us hope not to stay. Albert Events. North Family. Weather Record for May, 1893. Highest Tern, during the month, 82. Lowest ' ' ' ' 32. Mean ' ' ' ' 55.1) Greatest ' in 24 hours 1.11 Total precipitation 3.57 N. A. Briggs.