Shakers, N. Y.. North Family. July, 1803. On the 25th of June we were privileged to enjoy a season of spiritual communion. Our beloved Ministry and several Sisters from Mt. Lebanon and others from Enfield, Conn., were with us and what a blessed ministration it was. The heavens were opened and holy angels descended with their blessing and strength for the faithful. Also on the 30th ult. a company of Sisters from the North family at Mt. Lebanon came to enjoy a season of social and spiritual interest with gospel relation in the Valley. Through the kindness of a beloved gospel Sister we were favored with the loan of a work entitled, 'The Way, the Truth, and the Life.' by J. H. Dewey, M. D. It is a non-sectarian work and every one who is seeking the higher illumination, desirous to unfold their spiritual life, can peruse the book with both pleasure and profit. At present we are enjoying beautiful growing weather with occasional showers to refresh vegetation. We do not want to 'count our chickens before they are hatched,' but at present we feel safe in saying to our beloved Editor that if he will call around about melon time he will have the pleasure of sampling some choice varieties. A barn is being erected at the North family 50x135 ft. in place of the veteran structure that has performed service for the hist century, being nailed together with hand forged nails. Thus it is in both material and spiritual things, the old must pass away to make room for more advanced and better conditions. Hamilton DeGraio. Second Family. We have lately been privileged to enjoy a season of refreshing gospel love, with gospel kindred from the Mount and elsewhere. Eldress Emily Smith, Elizaette Sutton, Annie Clapp and Alma Shattuck from the Second family, Mt. Lebanon. Caroline Taite and Emily Copley from Enfield, Conn. Also Sisters Martha Anderson, Julia Lincoln, Mabel Lane, and Belle Rulhausen from the North family, Mt. Lebanon. The younger part of the family were much interested in Sister Martha's account of the progress and good done by the 'Self-improvement Society' at the North family, and are quite anxious to form a little band here, for the same purpose. The writer was absent from home on a short, pleasant, and profitable visit to the Society at Canterbury, and was entertained both spiritually and temporally as Canterbury can do it. He did not have the privilege of meeting the first company mentioned, but fully appreciated the love extended here, of which he received a share on his return home. 'Such seasons are delightful., such company we love, And with the true and faithful, right forward we will move.' We are busy securing hay and taking care of other crops. Grain will soon be ready for the reaper. Grass will not be as good a crop as expected last spring. Isaac Anstutt.