HOW TO HAVE CONSTANT GOOD COMPANY. [Contributed from Enfield, N. H.] The most charming companion I ever met was a plain little woman whose life for years had been entirely given up to the care of an invalid, demented father, an old man who demanded her constant presence in his darkened room during his waking hours, in the few spare moments she had while going through the usual round of household duties. Poor, living in the backwoods, where she never saw any society, she gained a depth of mind and a power of expression far superior to any of her old schoolmates who had shown greater promise, and had possessed every advantage. Indeed, she was neither 'smart' nor particularly studious at school, but excessively fond of fun, excitement, and company. One day I asked her the secret of the change. She laughed: 'I have been enjoying constant pleasant company for the last few years.' I started mystified. She drew from her pocket a little quotation book, and pointed to two quotations, 'My own thoughts are my companions,' and, 'They are never alone that are accompanied with noble thoughts.' There were several other quotations written on the margin, and the page was well thumbed. She said earnestly: 'Lookingback over my girl-hood, I know that there is a fatal defect in the training of our girls; our words, our actions, receive attention; we are given advice and instruction in every point but in our thinking. I did not have even a conception of entertaining myself by my own thoughts; I wanted all the time to be amused by something or somebody outside of myself. Then came that plunge into poverty, sadness, and loneliness ; at first I believed I should become insane, then God must have directed me to this little book, too worthless to be sold when our libi'ary went. One other quotation chained my mind. 'Our thoughts are heard in heaven,' and I began recalling ray thoughts. How disgusted I was with them! Round and round, in a weary rut of repining they had traveled, or ever if not repining, how stupid, how unelevating they had been! From that hour I determined my thoughts should be inspiring companions; when sewing up a seam, they should not be, 'So long and tiresome, wonder how long before I get done,' and so on and so on, over and over again. Why! I would take a little trip while sewing that seam. When washing the dishes, I discuss with myself different national questions; when sweeping the room, I review the last book I read, or perhaps a book read years ago; every duty not requiring concentration is enlivened in this way. Not more than an hour can I ever read a day. Our books scarcely number a dozen, but since I began to think, one verse of the Bible will open and unfold, until it blossoms into a wonderful revelation, and I hope bears fruit. Before, I did not take time to wait for the unfolding and the fruit-bearing.' 'But I can't control my thoughts,' I objected. 'They will dwell on any trouble or worry I have.' 'Paul tells us that in our warfare our weapons are 'mighty to cast down our imaginations,' 'bringing into captivity every thought;' that promise is a great help when I feel despairing over my wrong thoughts. To keep down the disagreeable ones, to shake myself free from the servitude of the daily fretting tasks, I drill myself into meditating on pleasant subjects, just as I would drill my tongue, if in company, to make pleasant speeches. Tell the girls you teach and write to, how true it is that 'The pleasantest things in the world are pleasant thoughts, and the great art in life is to have as many of them as possible' also that this art can not be learned when the feebleness of age has weakened the control of the mind.' When she had left me, I remembered she was the only person who had not made insane remarks about the weather, nor said, 'Wasn't that Johnstown calamity awful?' Do you suppose it was because THE MANIFESTO. thoughts had occupied her mind, not empty turning of the mental wheels? If the mill grinds not grist, it will grind itself; if the mind feeds not on thought, it preys upon itself, and is its own destroyer. The Christian at Work.