Shaker Station, Conn. July, 1893. 'Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and Him only shalt thou serve.' Serving God is a profitable employment and a satisfactory service. God abundantly rewards the faithful. There are many living witnesses who can testify to present payment for labor in the vineyard of God. The consciousness of divine approval, the assurance of being a co-worker with God and the eternal witness of the true spirit, are soul-satisfying even though the way seems rough and the trials great. The testimony that God is a sure paymaster is uniform and overwhelming. The heavenly joy gained by living in purity fully compensates for the most trial-tossed life, the heaviest crosses. The virtuous and true will find a heaven of peace and blessedness. Heaven is a state of continual labor and activity that knows no weariness. Let us make our heaven here. Let us do and be as near right as possible now, and strive for higher wisdom. The pamphlets entitled 'Synopsis of Doctrine Taught by Believers in Christ's Second Appearing,' and 'Interpreting Prophecy' by A. G. Hollister, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., are valuable and they should be in every home. Their cost is as nothing compared with their value. ****** There is money in poultry if you know how to get it. We study poultry for profit. In feeding poultry, too much whole grain should be avoided. Poultry should have a dry place to run and roost. Damp and muddy yards are a prolific cause of disease. Daniel Orcutt. South Family. July, 1893. Already I am admonished that the time is here for the few items of interest which have occurred in the short time that has intervened since the last Manifesto, which was so richly laden with interesting topics. The haying season has commenced and is progressing with speed. Twelve large loads were put in on the 8th inst. and the number will increase as the better portions of the mowing fields are reached. The hay loader is a great addition in the field to save time and labor. The garden is looking unexceptionably well. A number of bushels of peas found ready market about the 4th. Quite a number of crates of fine large strawberries also paid well for raising, and a plenty was reserved for home use, the yield being large. Cherries are abundant and of this fruit the preserving jars are well filled. Currants are in good demand at 15 cts. a basket. The sweet corn is about four feet high and promises a good yield. Tomatoes and cucumbers in full bloom, next the fruit. Beets and turnips are now ready for cooking. Potatoes are looking fine, but late. With all these blessings, health prevails. These demonstrations are proof of God's care for his grateful subjects; and love being an evident quality of his nature, will it not ever remain the same? The number of those who look into the great book of Nature where every page speaks of its Divine Author, are wilfully blind to the grandest expressions of truth radiant with meaning, and full of evidence of an All-wise God. Maria Witham.