In memory of Sister MARGARETT HOPKINS. Makia Witham. Oxce more are we called to part with a Kind and faithful Sister, one who has spent a long life of usefulness, counting no sacrifice too great that would enable her to gain complete victory over worldly elements, and their existing influences, possessing a kind, benevolent disposition which won many friends. My acquaintance with her has been pleasant and profitable but my loss, is her gain. Her freed spirit can rejoice and she will hear the welcome, 'Well done, good and faithful servant.' She was prepared to meet the change, which seemed so long in coming, but it is well with her now. Days and weeks are swiftly passing, saying as they go, 'improve us, for these opportunities will never return.' Should we not be deeply impressed on such occasions and moralize upon the inevitable condition? Without gospel vision, we should fail to see why so many hopes and purposes, lay waste, and so many fields whose precious harvests we long to gather are not ours. May we not open the volume of inspiration and read, 'Vanity of vanities.' The highest ideal of life includes the assurance that it is eternal. For what shall it profit us if we gain the whole world, and yet come short of the everlasting prize. Is there not a power delegated to those who are determined to live a life of holiness and power in its richest and fullest extent, to conquer the man of sin? We often lament our poor ability to work out the noble purposes of a spiritual mind. The indwelling of the Spirit purifies both thoughts and expressions and the whole being is elevated and sanctified. The mind that acts in harmony with the spirit, is lighted with peace, which kindles every feature, expressive of joyful emotion and thus it will be when the spiritual body comes forth from God's crucible purified from all dross. Hark! what is this I hear! one more transition to the other sphere, a brother has been suddenly called from the shores of time. 'In the midst of life, we are in death!' One moment in the confidence of perfect security, the next beyond the reach of struggle. How can we short-sighted mortals solve the problem. The summons must be obeyed and although their loss in our midst is deeply felt and lamented, are we not carried along on the strong wings of faith? 'Be ye also ready' is the voice of the Spirit. 'Thy will be done.' After the somber shades of night Cometh the welcome morning light After the saddest notes of pain Cometh a higher, sweeter strain, Cometh a strength, steadfast sure, Cometh a peace which shall endure. After the cross so patiently borne Waiteth the crown to be royally worn Hope sweet messenger always fair, (shieldeth the soul from chill despair Be it storm or sunshine, toil or rest, He who loveth us knoweth best. Shaker Station, Conn.