NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. North Family. Aug., 1893. There is evidently a strong feeling, prevailing throughout our entire Order, of desire to enter upon a work of self-examination and expurgation of all that is contrary to our principles and hinders our spiritual growth and usefulness Conditions are in many respects at the present time, unsatisfactory, but there is no cause for alarm. Ours has always been a progressive gospel, there is more wisdom, love and virtue among us, as a people to-day, than at any previous period of our history, with a stronger confidence in the value and importance of our mission and a deeper realization of our responsibility. The power that has inspired and sustained us hitherto, will still succour, guide and deliver, as we are individually prepared to take up the cress and move forward in the light of the present day. The call to us is, 'Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father in heaven is perfect.' This will be a long travel but the end of our faith will be the salvation of our souls. It was suggested some time ago, that yearly, or every two years, a Convention be held to discuss and advise upon points of doctrine and practice. Has the idea dropped? Something needs to be done to engage the interest and enlist the enthusiasm of the progressive minds among us. Our good Sisters, Ann Offord and Catherine Allen have been away from home a little over two weeks enjoying the advantage of sea air. They have just returned much benefited. A company of our Sisters recently spent three pleasant days with Church family Sisters picking blue huckleberries on the mountain. They gathered five bushels. The berries were much appreciated, but the gospel union between the families, was better than berries. The last day they went up to 'Holy Mount' where many a gospel meeting has been held, and upon which a baptism of the power of the Res- THE MANIFESTO. 21') urrection Heavens has often descended. The company joined in song, admired the delightful scenery, and returned home feeling as happy as faithful Believers only can. The homes of Believers are much appreciated as training schools for the young. We have just accepted four boys. 'Cast thy bread upon the waters' is the injunction, and so we think that the good we do in this way is not lost. Health of family good. Crops fair and well harvested so far. Very dry season, and water very low in the brooks. Walter S. Shepherd.