Books and Papers. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. Aug. Contents. The Science of Dietetics; Stimulants and Impurities; An Open Letter; Jennerisrn on the Nose; Compulsory Vaccination; The Vegetarian Congress; The Walking Race Prevention of Cholera; Ammonia and the Complexion; etc., etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co., Kokomo, Ind. Phrenological Journal and Science of Health An excellent portrait and phrenological description of the Earl of Aberdeen, the new Viceroy of Canada, leads in the August number of the Phrenological Journal and Science of Health, while the textual matter is noteworthy. Following this a graphic article on the importance of phrenological information to the managers of public institutions will arrest close attention because written by Mr. Stead, the editor of Review of Reviews. An elaborate delineation of Ella Wheeler Wilcox, from an examination, accompanies a fine por trait of that very well-known writer of poetry and story books. A profusely illustrated discussion of the vital temperament forms the installment in the series on How to Study Strangers, and an Analysis of Approbativeness on a fresh line of thought will impress the reader. In the series of phrenological biographies two important names appear this time, Dr. Coxe and Dr. Gleason, the latter of water cure fame. These biographies show one feature sharply enough, that scientific men who were in advance of their fellows readily accepted the teachings of Spurzheim and Combe. Several finely written articles appear in the departments of Child Culture and Health the usefulness of which elicits general notice and the wish that all the world could read them. Only 15 cents a number, or $1.50 a year. Address Fowler &amp; Wells, No. 2i East 2Ut St. New York. Anti-Infidel Library A Word to Thoughtful Men. To meet the increasing flood of infidel liter, ature which deluges the land, H. L. Hastings of Boston has since 1883, been engaged in issuing in serial form, the Anti-Infidel Library, a series of brief, cheap, pointed pamphlets bearing on these important questions. They have received the heartiest commendations from persons well qualified to express an intelligent opinion on this subject. The first number of this Library, containing 'A Lecture on the Inspiration of the Bible,' has had a circulation of more than two million copies. Lord Shaftesbury, for more than thirty years president of the British and Foreign Bible Society, used to order them by the thousand for distribution among City Missionaries and outdoor preachers in London and England, Other numbers have been widely scattered. Some 40 numbers have been issued, up to July 1893 which are sold at 5 to 10, 15, and 25 cents each and furnished for distribution at reduced rates. This work appeals to all Christian and rightthinking men. The profits on the sale of these publications do not warrant our expending money in advertizing them, as we would gladly do. May we not take the liberty of asking Christian friends and editors to help a work that is being done, under many difficulties, with limited resources, by directing the attention of Christian people to these publications? H. L. HASTINGS, Editor of The Anti-Infidel Library, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. Southern Receipts for Pickles DELICIOUS MIXED PICKLES. Let five dozen small cucumbers stand in strong brine for three days, writes Eliza R, Parker in a column of 'Southern Receipts for Pickles' in the August Ladies' Home Journal. Wash through cold water several times. Put half a gallon of strong vinegar in a kettle with one ounce of mustard-seed, one of juniper berries, one of celery- seed, half a dozen pods of green pepper, two pounds of sugar, half a dozen small onions and a lump of alum. Let come to a boil, and pour over the pickles for three mornings, heating the vinegar each time. Put the pickles in wide-mouthed bottles and seal. Biographical sketch of Daniel Fraser of the shaker community of Mount Lebanon, N. Y. BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH DANIEL FRASER Oft/ie of LEBANON N. Y. Bt Catherine Allen. Price, 10. MOTHER ANN LEE. A brief account of HER LIFE MOTHER ANN LEE. A brief account of HER LIFE While in England, and subsequently in the UNITED STATES) also her Experience as a Messenger of the WORD of GOD. Price Wets. of MOUNT SHAKER COMMUNITY', Self-Pronouncing, Pictorial Family Bible FREE!! A frenuine Self-Pronouncing, Pictorial Family Bible. Old and New Versions in parallel columns. Strong, Handsome, Durable Binding, BOUND IN AMERICAN MOROCCO, raised panel sides, gold centre, comb edges, and contains over 2,000 pages of valuable matter, including tbo Old and New Testameut Scriptures, to which are added over 300 illustrations, including full-page steel engravings, superb illuminated title pages, and colored plates of Scripture illustrations in both the Old and New Testaments. A complete Bible Dictionary and a complete Concordance are included. The Latest and Very Best edition. Printed with large, clear typo on good paper. SPECIAL PREMIUM OFFER. W e will send this magnificent Family Bible absolutely free for 8 new subscribers to the Manifesto at 75 cts pr. year or upon receipt of $t&gt; will renew your subscription for one year and send this Bible by express. Address, H. C. Blinn. E. Canterbury. N. H. SHAKER'S ANSWER SHAKER'S ANSWER To THE OFT REPEATED QUESTION, 'What will become of the 'World, if all become Shakers?' Price, 10 cts. Shaker Music