IMMORTALIZED, Daniel Offord. This is the heading of an article in the Flaming Sword of July 15. On account of our extending union and fellowship to the leaders of that paper to preach the gospel of purity, and accepting them as members of the Noith family, on condition that they live out in daily practice the fundamental principles of our Order, oral confession of sin before a living witness ; a pure virgin life; the principle of peace as taught and practiced by Jesus; and consecration of all worldly goods to the gospel cause, some might think that we endorse the theological statements and ideas set forth in the Flaming Sword. We do nothing of the kind, and especially we do not in the article referred to, and some previous ones. A correct understanding of the meaning of words and terms is very essential. When a Shaker speaks of the flesh, it is distinct from the body, or our mortal part. It is the root of the great tree of . evil that bears the fruit spoken of by the Apostle ; (Gal. v.,) herein is the Shaker definition of the flesh. When the flesh is spoken of as the body, we mean the mortal part of man which is not the man, but simply the casket of the real man, the spirit; and the medium of its, or his manifestation. In the article referred to, the immortal flesh is spoken of. Immortal, according to Webster is, 'Having no principle of alteration or corruption; exempt from death ; having life or being that shall never end.' There has been no evidence or proof given, that 208 THE MANIFESTO. my rational understanding can accept, of any human body or flesh becoming immortal. If the body of Enoch, Elijah or Jesus became so, it must be in existence to-day. If it is not in existence, then it is not immortal. The probability is that no human body ever will be. Scientists tell us, that nothing can be destined, that matter is eternal; but by the operation of the laws of nature every particle of matter is continually undergoing the process of change. Now if dematerializing is the process of nature, making matter invisible, or changing its form, then every human body or any other body can be and is subject to the process. Tne Society of Believers may be ignorant of the immortal life spoken of by the writer of that article, but we of the Society of Believers, or Shakers, do not believe that Ann Lee 'attained the goal of human aspiration.' But we do believe, and have a spiritual evidence, not understood by the natural man, that Ann Lee is immortal, and that we by living the same life, obeying the same principles she taught and lived, we also shall become as she is ; and many have become so already. Not by eating the literal flesh or body of Jesus or that of any other human body. The statement that the Lord made choice of a woman, who was the wife of Joseph, the mother of Ephraim, and the espoused of Joseph, and the mother of Jesus ; and that woman was Ann Lee, the Society of Believers take no part in. That Ann Lee is about to come forth re-incarnated in the immaculate Motherhood, and by that means the Sons of God will come forth as biune beings, is no part of the faith of the Shaker Order. We become the Sons and Daughters of God, by doing in all things the will of our Heavenly Father and our Heavenly Mother, just as Jesus became the Son of God, and Ann the Daughter of God. There has been in the last century, a number of individuals who believed they had attained to a knowledge whereby their mortal bodies would become immortal; but where are the}?' now? Just where all other mortal bodies are, and where all human bodies that are now in existence will be sooner or later. 'Re not d( ceived ; God is not mocked : for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap. For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.