Canterbury, N. H. Weather Record for July, 1893. Highest Tem. during the month, 92. Lowest ' ' ' ' 53. Mean ' ' ' ' 69.1 Total rainfall ' ' ' 1.90. N. A. Rkiggs. Au?. 1893. My first duty is the pleasant one of recording our united thanks to God for the recent rainfalls which have done so much toward ensuring us a plentiful harvest, that had previously been so seriously menaced by the protracted drought. Our hay harvest was an average crop, on new land, very little rowen will be secured. Farm potatoes have not looked so promising for years, but garden potatoes were slightly affected by the drought. Up to present date, (Aug. 7,) we have taken from the garden 165 bu. and there will be, probably, 40 bu. more. Oats will be ready to cut the present week. The 6th of August is a day which every Shaker cannot but remember and celebrate as 'Mother's Day.' On this day, 119 years ago, Mother Ann Lee, the founder Oi this Church, landed in America with her little band of eight followers, after a most perilous voyage in an old, leaky and condemned ship. This voyage of nearly three months was taken consequent on special revelation; a revelation confirmed by signs, visions and extraordinary manifestations to individual members of the, then little Church in England as well as to Mother Ann herself. During a storm on the voyage, after the captain had told his strange passengers that they must all perish before morning; Mother expressed her faith and cheer after seeing two bright angels of God standing by the mast, through whom she received the promise that not a hair of their heads should perish. Such unusual spiritual communications from the powers on high were the fundamental pillars of this Church; a church not made with hands but it is eternal in the heavens. The 6th of August falling this year upon THE MANIFESTO. 217 the Sabbath day, the motto for our worship on that day was 'Mother's Day.' The service being of a retrospective character in the various testimonies. At six o'clock in the evening a number of our young Sisters, who last year had formed themselves into a 'Centennial Band,' to commemorate the organization of this Society one hundred years ago, gave an interesting and most effective dedicatory service, in which they were assisted by the girls and boys. A well arranged programme of about twenty items was organized, and the Brethren and Sisters of both families were invited to the meeting held in the church. MOTHER ANN LEE, Aug. 6, 1774. MOTHER'S DAY, Aug. 6, 1893. The opening address was a graceful statement of the anniversary celebrated, and stated that 'It afforded a fitting opportunity to renew vows of consecration to the noble cause espoused by every grateful member, to exalt the integrity of purpose which enabled 'Our Mother' to become an instrument through whom the light of God came into the world and so clearly defined the nature of sin that we are permitted to see with our imperfect vision and immature understanding that God is no respecter of persons. But one baptism, one cross, one sacrifice enables whosoever will to find one brotherhood, one family tie, even a spiritual home for soul and body. Those who are blest to associate as Brothers and Sisters in the virgin order, which is the legitimate fruit of the revelation of God through Mother, have a debt of gratitude to render for sacred protection and liberty, which no others can conceive. Its beauty and blessing have opened to our youthful minds to such a degree that with bowed heads we would repeat, 'Let us be there with the holy in heart.' We are not hero worshipers in any sense of the word. We trust in no arm of flesh, but in that Christ we have unlimited confidence which spoke through Jesus of Nazareth, giving to the world as much of truth as it was prepared to receive, and which was opened afresh and finally perfected through the agency of Mother Ann as a mouthpiece and represented through her personality. Only for this sacred feature connected with the journey, the landing of Ann Lee on the shores of America would be an event of no more moment to us, than the landing of hundreds of women before and since that memorable day. That she was English born, is too insignificant to claim thought, but that the Spirit breathed into her soul and that she conceived, thereby, a purely unselfish mission, to which she was ever faithful is beyond all praise and above all criticism. Even this little 'Centennial Band' have life to-day from the faithfulness of parents in the seen and unseen worlds. We have a peaceful, happy home, blest with more than the essential comforts of life. But best of all, below, above and beyond all for which we give thanks to-day, is the knowledge of Mother Ann's Christian mission, which lias opened its arms as a warm-hearted father and mother to this band of daughters, enabling us, if we choose, to stand in Gospel relation equal with our Brothers, to attempt the full cross and win and wear the full crown.' The programme consisted of the choicest offerings of singing, recitation and dialogues. The 'Twelve Christian Virtues' were an interesting and most telling item. A paper on 'Confession' was read, treating of that most important duty from a comprehensive, spiritual and thoughtful view. The meeting claimed the highest approval and appreciation from the Brethren and Sisters who were invited to the celebration, as it has endeared the younger members of the household to their older friends in, let us hope, an indissoluble tie of Gospel love and union. Albert Evans. [The above article having in it an interesting feature of home life, and especially as it was in remembrance of the 6th of August, we cheerfully admit it into the columns of the Manifesto, although quite beyond the length that was suggested for Home Notes. Ed.]