VINDICATING THE TRUTH. Hamilton DeGkaw. In the 'Flaming Sword' of July 29th is an article entitled 'Betraying the Truth,' in which the writer criticises a letter written in the ' 'Manifesto' where the author makes the statement the Shakers 'have no need to run after other religious teachers as they are all below her (Mother Ann's) standard.' His theological structure seems to have been severely shaken by the sudden bursting upon his mind of the above fact. He makes the statement that 'these people (the Shakers) as well as the great body of professed Christians will treat the messenger of God who comes after Ann just as the people of her time treated her and her followers. Before proceeding further we will state that the views expressed here have been subject to the approval of the leaders of the Church and are not merely personal opinions. While we can not state with certainty what the method of procedure would be with the popular churches, we do assert that if at any time in the future any individual should arise that has a higher spiritual revelation than the one Mother Ann presented to the world for their acceptance, one that calls for a more complete subjection of the elementary forces in the human soul to the Divine will and opens to mortals a higher conception of what is attainable by a strict compliance with the higher law; none would be more ready to hail with joy the new advent and step forward in the increasing work, than the faithful believers in the divine truths promulgated by our founder. Our mission is not merely to build up a sectarian organization, to be called great among men, but to uphold and publish the truths of the higher life; to have a house of refuge for the sinsick soul when weary of the lusts of the flesh and the mind and in the agony of their souls cry out; ' 'Lord what shall I do to be saved.' So hold the fort against the encroachments of those demoniac forces that are seeking to draw back into sin and consequent degradation. Mother Ann in one of her highly inspired moments said that she 'saw in open vision souls who had passed the dark valley and the shadow, who had come up through deep tribulation and had washed their garments clean.' 'Poor man in the flesh is always in danger.' And the mission of her testimony was to remove that danger by 228 THE MANIFESTO. leading them up to a higher plane of life where they in truth could be overcomers. It has been the blessed privilege of the writer to become acquainted with souls while here in mortality, who, through strict compliance with the testimony of Mother Ann, attained unto that spiritual travel where in truth they could say, 'the tempter cometh and fmdeth nothing in me.' Who stood while here in time with that glorified band that the revelator saw who were 'redeemed from the earth.' We do not write this for controversy but to vindicate the truth, to do what we can in our humble way to uphold the standard raised by our blessed founder that others may see the beacon light and come to a knowledge of the truth. Shakers, N. Y.