Shaker Station, Conn. Sept. 1893. Paul said he could do all things through Christ who strengthened him. Wise man. All true Christians gain over-coming po wer and strength in the same way. Drawing their spiritual life from Christ the true vine, they are strengthened for all requirements, and the measure of their strength is just the measure with which Christ dwells in them. He sends new strength for every trial and gives precious comfort and help. To be always watchful is to be always strong. Christ is a safe guide. Him we can trust. Let us be strong in Him. Let us look on the bright side of life, and we shall find that there are more days of sunshine than hours of storm. The broad highway to destruction is the root of all evil. Let us shun it ever. ******** Oats, wheat, barley, buckwheat and bran produce eggs. With fowls as with other stock, the best feeding is a good variety regularly and generously given. Generous feeding means generous laying. It will always pay to have hens that lay. Plenty of sharp gravel should be provided for hens and they will not be crop-bound. Prime fowls must have prime progenitors. Sunshine should be admitted into the poultry-house whenever possible. Hens lay the best eggs for hatching ; the pullets lay the most. Daniel Orcutt. South Family. Sept. 1893. The beautiful autumn days have come once more with cooler and more bracing air, and we have been eager to get out of the trying heat of the lingering summer into the splendid golden days of September, as its sunny mornings are full of life and good spirits. The heat and drouth of August has been rather unusual in our vicinity, and a change is truly welcome. The harvesting of corn is now going on to fill the new silo which is capable of holding one hundred and fifty tons. The corn is cut by steam power and is quickly performed. The rye is also to be threshed by steam power. The coming week will bring all to a close with this labor saving machinery; one of the improvements of the age in which we are living. The severe high winds of the past week have caused the greater part of the fruit to fall to the ground, which will diminish the apple crop about one half, also the pears which were not fully grown and too green for use. But when we read of the destruction of property in some places we are truly thankful for our preservation through such storms. We have enjoyed an interchange of love with a Sister from West Pittsfield for two weeks, which strengthens the bond of union. Maria Witham.