Books and Papers. The American Cooperative Library A Great Public Library. Any book you want, loaned to you, in city or country, anywhere in the United States, for as long or as short a time as you want it, at an average cost of only one cent a day, is the offer of The American Cooperative Library recently organized in New York. This undertaking successfully carried out will give book-readers everywhere better facilities than heretofore enjoyed outside of the reach of less than a dozen of the largest libraries in the principal cities. Books can be ordered either direct from New York, through neighborhood Book Clubs or from country Postmasters, Newsdealers, Booksellers or'others who will act as agents. A 160-page catalogue is sent free to any applicant enclosing' a two cent stamp; members of the Library are not limited to this, but may order any book in current literature suitable for general circulation. Any further information desired will be sent free on request. Address The American Cooperative Library, 57 Rose St., New York. Religious Literature Religious Literature. The religious literature of the United States has reached a volume which astonishes even those who know it most familiarly, writes John Habbeiton in the September Ladies' Home Journal. Religious magazines and weeklies equal the secular periodicals of the same periods in number, and among the contributors are many whose names are well known to general readers. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health, for September, contains many features of especial merit. The frontispiece is a striking and artistic portrait of Charles Darwin, which accompanies a finely-written description of the great naturalist's home, domestic habits, character, etc., by a literary lady who was for many years his neighbor and friend. Italy is the subject of Dr. Felix L. Oswald's brilliant installment of illustrated Race Studies. Prof. Nelson Sizer continues his series, How to Study Strangers, the Mental Temperament being the topic, which is also profusely illustrated. A phrenograph of the celebrated humorist, Bill Nye, by Prof. Sizer, is exceptionally interesting, being a stenographic report of a personal examination which Mr. Nye underwent incognito. To this are added an excellent portrait and biographical sketch'. Two venerable and eminent friends of the science are sketched by Mrs. Wells in her Phrenological Biographies, viz.: Drs. Joseph Hurford and Samuel Irwin. Following this is the second paper of a philosophical discussion of Approbativeness, with illustrations. The departments of Child Culture, Hygiene, and Anthropology are up to the usual standard, and the editorials are especially strong and comprehensive, the principal of these being the fifteenth paper upon Systematic Moral Education, in which the functions of Conscientiousness are ably considered. Only 15 cents a number, or $1.50 a yr. Address Fowler &amp; Wells, 27 East 21st street, New York.