Shaker Station, Conn. Oct. 1893. 'It is impossible for any one to count a liillion. At the rate of 200 a minute there would be counted 12,000 an hour, 288,000 a day, or 105,120,000 a year. To count a trillion would take 9,512 years.' Poultry wisdom. Bone meal is an excellent thing to use in growing poultry, A cupful mixed with each gallon of soft food will make them vigorous and strong. We should be sure that we can make a success in growing one hundred hens before we try to grow a thousand. 'Too many fowls should not be kept in contracted quarters with but small opportunities for exercise. The profit from poultry depends much upon economical feeding, from utilizing materials which would otherwise be wasted. When grain must be bought for their needs, close figuring is ncsessarj to avoid loss.' Darnel Orcutt. South Family. Oct. 1893. How much has been accomplished the past month by a steady perseverance in the daily routine of harvesting. Potatoes proved a fair yield of extra good quality. The dry weather has left its mark. Every thing seems dry, including the springs. The rains we have had do not seem to show much effect. The weather has been quite warm and showery of late which is helping on late sowed grass and rye, also beneficial to the strawberry plants of which sixteen hundred have been set, and are looking well. We are changing our cow-mangers into stanchions with water in front of the cows. This is an improvement as the cows can be left in the barn all winter. The apple crop is good, and we find a ready market for all we do not want for home use. Temporalities require much attention, but we are striving to live in the spirit of the gospel. There are, no doubt, many in the great Babylon who are wrought on by the spirit to desire a way of escape from the evil days. These are the proper fish for our net. And the Father and Mother spirit is .surely at work seeking for some to worship in spirit and in truth. May many be guided by conviction into the ways of peace and purity. May we work with the spirit in striving to minister the life of the gospel to inquiring souls. Maria Witham.