[Contributed by Martha Ann Carr.] The following hymn was written by Br. Moses Tenny of Harvard? Mass. GIVING THANKS. How swift the rolling wheels of time Do bear us through each earthly scenq, From early youth to manhood's prime, How very short the space between! The passing moments are for us To do our duty here below, To walk with Christ in lowliness, Then all will be well done we know. With all my being I give thanks, In humble prayer and grateful, praise That I'm permitted to behold, These bright and glorious latter days. This sacred honor does belong, To God, our Father and our friend, For all who raise their cries to Him With out-stretched arms He will defend. While on the shores of time, I stay, I will rejoice in heavenly mirth, That I was called while in my youth, To. leave the transient joys of earth. How sweet the moments as they glide, What solid joy what peace of mind Have those who give their lives to God, And to his will become resigned. Thus has it been in days gone by, Since first I walked in gospel light, This light's increased, until to-day, My soul is filled with pure delight. No earthly joy can equal this; No worldly honor this bestow, On those who've found the way of life, While works of love they freely do. The present time, this very day, Has brought me to my fortieth year. One half of life I've given Thee, Oh, God! to love, to serve, and fear. The few remaining days or years, That I'm permitted here to stay, Will ever be to honor Thee And magnify thy holy way. The promise of an hundred fold Is given unto all in time, Who freely leave all things for Christ That in his glory they may shine. But still more glorious they'll appear, When earthly scenes with them are o'er, When their immortal spirits land, Upon that bright and blissful shore. Endless life in realms of light In which the saints and angels move, Whose greatest joy and chief delight, Are in the works of heavenly love. Eternity, thou blissful thought, What pen can paint, what tongue can tell? While ages shall on ages roll, Yet in God's presence we shall dwell.