Books and Papers. THE WONDERFUL LAW Edward Bok receives one of the largest personal mails in the country, a year's mail consisting of over -2U.000 letter.,. Three-foui ths of these letters are from women. No part of this huge mail reaches Mr. Bok directly: it is opened by a private secretary and distributed to assistants for answer. Every letter, however, receives a reply. One of Mr. Bok's editors on The Ladies' Home Journal, Ruth Ashmork, who writes to girls, receives over 5000 letters during a year. THE WONDERFUL LAW by H. L. Hastings of Boston, Mass. Good books are one of the blessings which good men are able to present to the world, and the Wonderful Law is included in that number. An intelligent knowledge of the Scriptures is a valuable acquisition, which should interest every reader. The true value of the Mosaic Law is but imperfectly understood even by professed Christians who are supposed to make the Bible a study. This is a very interesting little book of 120 pages and costs only '.'0 cts. Phrenological Journal The rugged features of the Governor of Colorado meet the glance of the reader on opening the October number of the Phrenological Journal. The very interesting sketch of Charles Darwin's home life is concluded, and being by a lady who was an intimate acquaintance of the Darwin family, it is a specially valuable contribution to American literature. Dr. Oswald continues his Race Studies, concluding the paper on Italy. Prof. Sizer's fourth chapter on How to study Strangers is a profusely illustrated analysis of temperaments. The character studies No. 3 include Gen. Marshall C. Wentworth and Mrs. Wentworth, the portraits being of a line quality. Mrs. Wells gives condensed accounts of Mr. Isaac H. Julian, late member of Congress; Jonathan Kidwell and Silas Jones, all of Phrenological importance. The opening of the Institute sesbion is notable, abstracts of several excellent addresses being given. In department of Child Culture are several brief papers, while the Anthropological and Editorial section are filled. The Journal is published $1. 50 a year; 15 cts. a number. The last three months free to new subscribers for 1894. Address Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 25 East 21st Street, New York. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. October. Contents. Nutrition and Inorganic Materials; Vapor Bath; Flux; Anti-Vaccination; An Erroneous Idea; Bits of Hygienic Reminis. cence; The Beautiful; Pathology of Laziness; The Dining Room; Dilated Stomach; How to Cure Chronic Dy/spepsia; etc., etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford and Co., Kokomo, Ind.