Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. September. Thermometer. Rain. 1892. 74.05 7.875 in. 1893. 56. 10.125 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 76. above 0 Lowest ' ' ' '32. above 0 Xumber of rainy days ' ' 9. ' ' clear ' ' ' 12. ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 9. C. G. Eeed. Oct. 1893. It is not every year, nor in all localities, that we can say, 'Nature puts on her brightest robes to die in;' but we find that our pleasant summer is being followed by an equally delightful autumn. Early and severe frosts sere the leaves, causing the russet and brown to prevail; while fully ripened foliage, minus the frost, gives a predominance of the brilliant red and yellow, as is seen in the autumnal pictures of to-day. Frosts as yet have not been heavy enough to hurt either the tomato or the morning-glory vines; both of which succumb readily to the frigid touch. Sweet corn, tomatoes and peaches appear upon our table up to date. Apples this year a light crop, but will be so well cared for during the winter, that they will last until the early fruit time of next year. Pears and peaches have been as abundant as the number of trees would allow. It was not two-fifths of a mile of pears that our garden produced but peas. When we have time we will count our pear trees, and allowing a rod between each they will make a long, long row. Forty years ago peaches were abundant on our hillsides. Later the severe winters killed the trees, and peach culture was considered an impossibility. Twenty-three years ago delicious peaches again appeared on every branch which had out-lived the storms, and an interest in home grown fruit again revived. Trees were again started everywhere, to be again and again winter killed. But now comes the reward to those who amid failure still planted trees. How nicely this illustrates the adage, 'Get your spindle and distaff ready, and God will send you the flax' and shows us how amid every discouragement, we should be prepared to bear the perfect fruits of righteousness, to feed those who, when the harvest cometh, are seeking only that religion which yields a life practice of good works. But spiritual progression like all other reforms, comes not without sacrifice. If we would march on to conquest, we must leave self behind, hew down our prejudices and idols, and let the sunshine of truth light us out of the dismal haunts of selflove and self-worship, into the grand highway where each seeks to serve God, by serving his neighbor. Amelia J. Calver. North Family. Oct. 1893. We are just home from Society Meeting. This day will probably close what has been a most remarkable season of Society Meetings. Not once during nearly five months has the weather prevented our assembling for worship. To those Societies who are not aware of the fact, we would say that we have issued a new music book (a 1,000 copies edition.) To those who have not had experience in this line, we would say that it costs considerable money, very much time and a scarcely conceivable amount of careful, exhausting work to publish a music book. We have undertaken the expense and give the time and labor freely from love of the public weal, and hope we may confidently rely upon the patronage of all good, interested and progressive Believers. The book is a credit to all concerned. It is issued at bare cost. We trust every family will want some. The celebrated Congress of Religions is closed. What is the result? Many speak ' THE MANIFESTO. 263 slightingly of it. But the fact of the representatives of all the Religions of the earth coming together, to be listened to with patience and respect, while expounding the central principles of their respective system?, ought to produce an increase of fraternal feelings, a broader charity, and less narrow egotism on the part of all. We thought prior to the opening of this Congress that Believers ought to be represented in it to testify of an unadulterated, radical Christianity. To this end Elder Daniel, with the consent of the Ministry, opened communications. Much pleasant and friendly correspondence has passed in regard to it. We expected for some time to be invited to arrange for a deputation to attend, but the ultimate concession granted to us was the preparation of a brief paper on our system, which the Chairman of Committee would read before the Congress. Our Sisters promptly prepared the paper and sent it out. We expected the still small voice would not be noticed during the confusion of tongues; but if our paper gets into the records it may meet the eye of the student, suggest thought and answer our purpose. Walter S. Shepard.