REGENERATE LIFE. E. P. SEVERTER. When a man has entered a veal regenerate life, his higher nature receives such a stimulus that he gains the dominion over his lower, selfish nature and all his former habits gradually are changing so as to be brought into harmony with his better feelings. Under the divine influence, shining into their souls, men lion-like in-their passions, grow into a lamb-like disposition ; here we perceive the lion and the lamb walking together, and a child leading them. Beautiful picture, portrayed by Isaiah, picturing all the fierce passions of men subdued and changed into gentleness, meekness and love. The direct influence the spirit of God has on the soul is to develop the good and to expel the evil. All who obey the gospel testimony and square their lives by it, are brought into nearer relations with God. Holy angels are their guides and guardians, ever willing and ready to administer to their necessities and to bear them through all the vicissitudes of life. What a change is wrought in their characters! The truly spiritual, the love bearing elements which before were dormant, are now quickened into new life. The Flaming Sword, in an article of Sept. 2nd, states that the body of Jesus did not see corruption, but ascended with Him to heaven. His body, (physical) did not ascend to heaven; it returned, like all other physical bodies that die, to the earthly elements from which it was taken, It was his spiritual body with which his soul was or is clothed, that ascended with Him to heaven. This spiritual body, not his physical, was seen by his disciples and the five hundred witnesses at one time, their inner sight being opened. After we are through with earth-life we lay this body aside like a worn out garment. It has fulfilled its mission. This doctrine of the resurrection of the body is passing rapidly away; men growing wiser and more enlightened. They see that all that Paul in his epistle says about the resurrection of the dead, has to be taken in a spiritual sense. Our souls must be resurrected from dead works, must arise out of the grave of sin; buckle on the armor and strive to live faithfully to the teachings of Mother Ann's testimony. As Jesus came to reveal the Fatherhood in God, so Mother Ann came to reveal the Motherhood in God, and to place woman in her right position, equal with man. Mother Ann never placed herself above Jesus, the anointed, but declared Christ to be her Lord and Teacher. Shakers, N. T.