THE MILLENNIAL TIME. CORA C. VlNNEO. The ancient races versed in mystic lore, The great souled ones on whom God's glory shone, Have left to us who tread time's present shore Their wisdom traced on brass or moldering stone. The forms of life, the motions of the stars, The opened secrets of the earth and sea, Were but the outer and dividing bars O'er which to climb and learn each mystery. With patient zeal to fathom every thought, And bring their treasures upward to the light; To magnify the truth by Nature taught, And stamp it with the holy seal of right. In Aryan forests by the cooling streams, 'Seath shady branches of the sacred trees, The learned Hindoos searched their mystic dreams, And demonstrated life's realities. Or in the temple, safe from vulgar eyes, Discoursed the sacred office of the soul; And caused the spirit to materialize, Thus made its secrets but an open scroll. And through the gift of prophecy, foretold A perfect time when righteousness would reign; When each his human brother would enfold In loving arms, dispelling every pain. When unto earth the Saving One wouldcome, And bring to them the sought-for law of good, When doubting lips would all be stricken dumb, Before the glory of its magnitude. The Moslem dreamed of Gardens where the blest, Found for their senses every rare delight. And Egypt's trusting children longed for rest In God's Great Spirit where there is no night. And Chaldean shepherds watching on the hill, Divined the ages' culminating plan, When sun and stars should all their orbits fill, Then saving power would come to erring man. 256 THE MANIFESTO. 'Tis native to the heart to have some goal; Some brighter hope beyond the dull to-day; Some higher aspiration of the soul, To keep it climbing up the unknown way. The light of faith can not be dulled with years, And love must bear and suffer for the right; God's truth will shine a beacon o'er man's fears, His promised blessing ne'er will leave our sight. 'Tis still before us like the guiding star, That led the ancient ones to seek the Child In Bethlehem's quiet village, where from far It dropped its radiance over wold and wild. The same glad impulse stirs our wondering lives; The same heart throbs give courage^to our feet; The same dear lesson time's swift years survives; The same fair promise is our solace sweet. We see with undimmed eyes the time to be, With the prophetic vision of the past, And prophets will arise to further see The progress, which, though good, will never last, For every age must have its meed of strife, Its brave enlightened souls, its priests and seers, Must have its aspirations for new life, Must have its time of sun, its time of tears. Then let us labor for the weal of each, And seek the truth from Heaven's height sub lime; Thus shall our lives the grandest lesson teach And help to bring the glad Millennial Time. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.