THE OLD MAN OF THE MOUNTAIN. Louis Basting. One of the most remarkable sects which ever grew out from a great religious body were the Ismaelites. They originated in the 9th century, and after a period of great power, sank into oblivion. The story of their rise and fall is an intensely interesting one, but only the merest outlines can be given in a brief article suitable for the Manifesto. The founder of the sect was Ismael, who was considered to be the last and greatest of seven Imams, or Messiahs; the six preceding ones were Adam, Noah, Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and Mohammed. In him culminated the knowledge of all science, natural or spiritual; he was to be followed and obeyed in all things; he was the incarnate God, there being no personal God beside him ; neither did he die, but dematerialized himself, to be re-incarnated at some future time in another person. Meanwhile he left the occult mysteries of his dispensation to a line of successors who were to reign till he should come again. His doctrines were not openly taught but kept secret, and his adherents were divided into divisions and orders. The system was brought to perfection by Hassan, who declared himself absolute ruler and successor of Ismael ; and became known as the Old M an of the Mountain, from the hill fortress where he had established himself. The lower orders were kept in ignorance and submission, and the strictest observance of the tenets of the Koran was enjoined upon them; they were the laborers and mechanics, 'i here was also a band of select fanatical young men, the 'devoted,' who were the ever ready executioners of their chief, who craftily inflamed their minds, causing them to see visions and hallucinations, by the use of Hashish, an intoxicating preparation of the hempplant, which led to their being called Hashishim or hemp-eaters. From this word is derived the term 'assassin,' the signification of murderer. The doctrines revealed to the higher orders exempted them from all religious obligations and observances, except so far as they might serve as a means of concealing their real opinions and practices. The precepts of the Koran were explained allegorically, and all actions held to be morally indifferent. It is amazing to read the instructions given to missionaries, how they should worm themselves into the confidence of the intended proselytes. 'Then, again, there will be those to whom you must preach the belief in a living Messiah. Say Ismael is alive at this moment. Be very gentle and modest with them ; pretend to despise gold and silver; make them recite fifty prayers a day ; recommend to them to abstain from lying and other vices, and from wine. These people are of the utmost use to us. Leave them in their special creed, only just telling them some of the mysteries of the number Seven ; but break their spirit by a surcharge of prayer. These will be our best proofs against the assertions of an advanced disciple if he should betray us. Furthermore, these people, when properly managed, will leave you at their death all their mon- THE MANIFESTO. 255 ey, as they would during their lifetime give you everything without a murmur. The more advanced you may inform at once of the abrogation of Mohammedanism by our Messiah, of the worthlessness of the Koran and its laws in their literal sense,'etc., the whole ending in complete atheism. Branches of this sect terrorized Arabia, Syria, and Persia for many j^ears ; they became powerful enough even to conquer Mecca and carry off the sacred black stone, which was restored only for an immense ransom. The valor of the soldiers was irresistible. The knowledge of the human heart and its weaknesses displayed by the principal leaders was wonderful. It is said that they offered devotion to the believer, liberty and license to the free in spirit, philosophy to the strongminded, mystic hopes to the fanatics, and miracles to the masses. Of course, such a system, originating in fraud and perpetuated by fraud, force and assassination, could not endure; but the memory of the terrible Old Man of the Mountain and his secret minions of blood and cruelty is still to-day a fearsome tradition among the unhappy people of the East. There is nothing essentially new under the sun. Changed conditions will modify events, but the unredeemed human mind is what it always has been, erratic and irrational; and never more so than when under the power of degrading religious superstition, furthering the schemes of unscrupulous, ambitious demagogues and charlatans. It is not therefore so very strange that in these enlightened days we should see the dormant anthropolatry, man-worship, of the darkest ages revived, beginning in the spirit and ending in the flesh. The ancient Old Man of the Mountain was a satanic genius in power, resource and address ; the modern one, without an original thought, is but a feeble imitation. West Pittsfield, Mass.