HOME NOTES. Watervliet, Ohio. Nov. 1893. Heke we are again in Home Notes trying to do all we can to help the good cause along. We are just getting the corn crop gathered. Corn yields about forty bushels to the acre. It is hardly a full crop, but we must be satisfied with small things, for we know that God will take care of his chosen people. Sister Susan Chase was with Us on the 28th ult, a sister from Economy, and we appreciated her company very much. I unite with Br. John Tyler's last writing in the Manifesto. If Believers would visit more among each other the bond of union would grow stronger. A visit from our Canterbury friends would be very much appreciated. We are having a piece of ground cleared up ready for the plow. A few years ago a cyclone passed through this section and demolished all of the timber, so we are making preparations to use the land that we may receive some benefit from it. We propose to keep the good work moving on. We do not intend to give up the ship. We should preach the everlasting gospel, the gospel of Christ; be wide awake and not get discouraged because we hear others talking of discouragement; it belongs to the devil. Let us go on and progress in the good work, keep up our Zion home and do our duty in all things. H. W. Fredrick. South Union, Ky. Nov. 1893. The health of Society is much improved since we wrote last, and bids fair to continue good. As to our business affairs, garden vegetables and a small crop of winter apples have been secured, and we are now housing provender for the stock, and gathering corn; which we find to be a fair crop. Perhaps the corn crop of the entire Society will amount to 8,000 bushels. The weather at present is delightful, and we are having a beautiful fall, such as we do not experience oftener than once in ten years. Elder L. Piercifield is absent in Mississippi, on business, and will probably be absent for several weeks. In spiritual matters, though we have some correspondence, we have not had many additions in point of numbers. James H. Richardson.,