Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. North Family. Nov. 1893. At the close of the year it always seems an appropriate time to take a retrospective view of the doings of the past in the light of experience. Experience should be as a reflector, throwing light into the future. It is such an easy thing to remember afterwards, that the light of experience is overshadowed by the effervescing present. Thus it is that we are ever learning, but never coming to a knowledge of just what we ought to do. The World's Columbian Exposition has passed away and the Shakers were not represented. By and by, we shall probably realize the gone by opportunity. True, in a feeble way, we made an effort to get a representation; wrote and received many letters. There is no doubt, if we had personally appeared, we should have been recognized. In the last letter received, we were told if we would have a brief paper prepared, he, John Henry Barrows, would try and have it read. The paper was prepared and sent on, and we have since learned, that it was announced on the bulletin board to be read. In the past year, we have received nearly one hundred letters of inquiry, all of which have had tracts, pamphlets and books sent to them. These letters are from many states, and foreign lands. It may be we shall gather bread after many days, but must abide the Lord'sown time. Of fruits, grains and vegetables, we are blest with an abundance. Our Thanksgiving table, laden to over-flowing without marring the visage of the angel within us by the slaughtering of the innocents, will give evidence of our thankfulness and appreciation of the goodness of God. Christmas will usher in a deeper baptism of the Holy Spirit, increasing our love for purity and peace, and the New Year will open with new courage and fervent zeal to make 1894, the harbinger of the increase of the gospel. To all, far and near, in our Zion home, we say peace and everlasting love. To those not yet in the fold, come, for the Lord hath need of thee. Daniel Offord. Center Family. Nov. 1893. We succeeded in harvesting our apples and pears about the middle of Oct. Are still working on the ice house, which we hope to finish in time to put in our winter crop. Winter school term commenced on Monday the 6thinst. with the Churc i family boys and ours which make a small company. The boys are being taught by a Brother who recently came from Binghampton, to make this place his home. 292 THE MANIFESTO. We make him welcome to all its joys and comforts, likewise the crosses which are an indispensable part of our religious life. We were favored recently, with a visitor from Economy, Pa., in the person of John Duss, the spiritual and temporal leader of the Rappites. We were highly pleased with his broad and liberal views, also his unswerving adherence to right principles, methinks he is doing a good work for his people, in straightening out the tangled web of bad financiering. I am glad that our good Sisters are helping Elder Henry in pushing forward our beautiful periodical, in its monthly mission to the household, and also to those not of the fold. Please accept herewith, our gospel love in this the First Epistle of Timothy to the Church of Christ at Canterbury. Timothy Rayson.