Books and Papers. A TRUE SON of LIBERTY 'A TRUE SON of LIBERTY' is the title of number seven of the Waldorf Series. It is from the pen of F. P. Williams, and published by Saalfield and .Fitch, Now York. The son of Liberty is the pastor of the Union Tabernacle, and through the advantages of his advanced thought he is led to attack the preconceived ideas of the church of Bellicose. He illustrates his views in accordance with reason rather than by tradition. The position occupied by the pastor was the only one that could be taken as worthy of a place in the light of the present day, while his churchmembers, in their narrowness and bigotry, demanded that he should cling to the language of the dead past. It taxes our patience to remain in the company of these dullards. 'That man's mind is a queer jumble,' said the postmaster, as the pastor walked away. What does he mean by mixing up liberty with religion in the way he does? Seems as though I should never be able to straighten out my ideas again. He'd better make out some sort of a new-fangled, political Bible, and preach from that. Ours does not appear to suit his mind.' We follow this 'Son of Liberty' with a deep and loving interest, as every page of the little book develops more and more of the Christian character, till by the hands of religious persecutors, he is nearly deprived of his life. Departure in Periodical Literature. THE UNIVERSAL MAGAZINE There is now in press and will be issued on the 1st of November a new candidate for public favor, the name of which is THE UNIVERSAL MAGAZINE, and its mission is tp provide in a succinct form a vast amount of information each month on subjects of every day concern to the professional man, the mechanic, the artisan, the home circle and all classes of readers, young or old. The contents of the initial number embrace a wide range of subjects including description of an Indian Liquor Industry; A Woman Gold Miner; Where Camphor is Made; What Becomes of Glaciers; Gallienus and the Lapidary; Prof. Garner's Chimpanzee; articles on popular science; a complete medical department; latest electrical news; a veterinary department; a department devoted to the exposure of secret nos trurns and systems; a finely illustrated domestic department, consisting of recipes, ornaments for the household, the preparation of soups, meats, table relishes, pastry, etc., while ample consideration is given to toilet accessories, poems, short stories, wit, humor, anecdote, juvenile reading and other interesting matter. The price of the magazine is only $1 a year, or 10 cents single copy, and it will be found on all news stands or sent direct from office of publication, No. 120 Tremont Street, Boston, Mass., by the Universal Magazine Company. Send 10 cents in silver for sample copy.