NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. October. Thermometer. Bain. 1892. 66.1 5 in. 1893. 50.71 1% in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 70. above 0 Lowest ' ' ' '22. above 0 Number of rainy days ' ' 4. ' clear ' ' ' 19. ' cloudy' ' ' 8. C. G. Meed. Nov. 1893. Though not the close of the year, still it seems that 'finis' is written on every thing about us, and we are preparing to take up new duties, and look upon new scenes. Every one is busy to secure the fruits of summer toil, and put things in order ere the very severe winter, that birds, frogs, squirrels, nuts, and even corn-husks prognosticate. If the signs given by instinct prove true in this case, why can we not hereafter, link instinct to reason, and be weather-wise in season. Brother Walter was just a month too soon in closing our Society meetings. We have continued up to date, and if our large meeting house could be made comfortable for winter gatherings, our interest would still lead us there, since we have no other meeting room large enough to accommodate the six families of our village. We compare with interest each month the weather reports of New Hampshire and New York, and if we had the reports from our south-western Societies, it would still add to the interest, to note the difference. During September we find our thermometer varied 44 degrees, while in New Hampshire it was only 33 degrees. New York had ten inches of rain, and New Hampshire only two inches, Taking a thoughtful interest in every South Family. Nov. 1893. We have been trying to get out of the little end of the horn, but find we can not. So think we must come out just as we entered, at the same time showing we have not by any means been standing still. We are all quite well considering our ages, which range from ten years up to ninety-seven. All summer we have had beautiful Sundays; not once have we tented on the Old Camp Ground, but have marched on and off toward the Promised Land. Some not of our Order, have attended with us, quite a number of our good friends, such as Mrs. Dr. Newton and Mrs. Talcot from Pittsfield, and John Duss, Trustee of the Economist Society, and many others, who know the value of even a few righteous souls. We appreciate the good Brother, John Scovel, who came here to live from Canaan. He is very helpful, as good carpenters can be. October has passed away beautifully, and November stepped in the same, finding every thing nicely stored away for the cold winter we expect and will surely get. We did well and did reap the blessing. We have dug over fifteen hundred bushels of good sized potatoes, the largest weighing twenty-six ounces. Last year, our good dairy sister marked out three thousand lbs. of butter, not quite that amount this year. Elder William and his trusty helpers, have put down nine hundred feet of water-pipe, to supply the stock with water this winter. Sarah A. Collins. tiling and every one about us, is what makes life a continual source of pleasure and enjoyment. And though the leaves have fallen, and the birds have flown, we still remember that when the curtain falls on the growing beauties of nature, that there is a spiritual harvest to which we can now concentrate and consecrate our labor. Amelia J. Calver. Shakers, N. Y.. North Family. Nov. 1893. The admonition of Elder O. C. Hampton in the Oct. Manifesto is timely. It is a call to duty that should be heeded by every one that has the interest of the cause at heart. Our Beloved Ministry came on the 21st ult. to their Valley home laden with the gifts of the Spirit for their children. O ye weak kneed and trembling ones, do ye not hear the sound of the 'Conquering Legions' as they are marching to the support of those loyal souls who have held and are still holding the fort against the powers of darkness? If not, quicken your spiritual perceptions and you will realize that like an 'Army with Banners' they are marching on. On the 17th of Oct. we had our first heavy frost that destroyed tender vegetation. The month has been very pleasant. It has been one of the old-fashioned Indian summers. An ancient work of some 600 pages on 'Gardening and Greenhouse Management,' published in Dublin, Ireland, in 1784 has lately come into our possession. It formerly belonged to Br. Proctor Sampson. It is interesting to review and compare it with modern works on the same subject. While reading in the Nov. Manifesto the beautiful tributes to the memory of those dear Mothers who have passed away, we thought of the counsel of Mother Ann, to live as if we expected to live a thousand years and as if we were to die to-morrow. We want to whisper courage to our own souls and to our comrades and when called to walk in tribulation may it be that which worketh a spiritual cleansing of the soul. The invitation to our Beloved Editor will never be cancelled. We have a goodly number here of those who have not merely viewed Mt. Zion but are standing thereon. Our trio of Elders are interested in maintaining the testimony, and it is ministered to the dividing asunder of flesh and spirit. We will say 'let the testimony roll.' Hamilton DeGraio.