Enfield, N. H. Nov. 1893. I&gt;~ the Thanksgiving number of the Manifesto, we expressed a hurried note of thanks to all who kindly aided in our Commemoration. It is so very unusual for any one, outside the limit of their immediate local home, to spend time or means for meetings, or conventions of any description that this instance calls forth gratitude and remembrance. Similar gatherings for the discussion and adoption of improved methods in temporal affairs, and the re-kindling of spiritual fires, is one of the future needs of our Societies. The account we mentioned as hoping to furnish, will not appear in this book, but take form elsewhere; some copies, no doubt, will find their way to our 'loving friends,' as soon as finished, but having less means than good-will we shall be obliged to say, any one sending a dime, will receive said pamphlet. This Christmas number of the Manifesto closes the year eighteen hundred ninety three, and may there come to us a renewal of the genuine Christmas spirit. Would it not be a profitable study the coming winter, for the different Sunday Schools who are interested to know of a reason for the hope that is in them, to make a list and memorize, for individual benefit, the passages of Scripture which place and teach, purity, communism, and confession of sin, as the primitive, basic pillars of the pentecostal church of Christ. A joyous Christmas and a prosperous New Year to all. Mary Ella Briggs. North Family. Nov. 1893. The one hundred years of fruitful life which has marked our Society was appropriately observed Oct. 18th. What countless visions appear as the mind lingers lovingly upon the works of the noble pioneers of our several homes; what indomitable courage manifested, what victories achieved, despite surrounding difficulties, which to-day seem to many among us like insurmountable barriers; but those gallant souls 'in sacred pledge of human fellowship,' toiled bravely on; with 'no surrender' as their motto, they triumphantly sang the 'songs of the gospel of humanity;' and by their faithful consecrations is entailed to us a most valuable legacy, and it remains for us to keep untarnished past history and nobly live in the present. As true as obscene art is the product of a sensual mind, so true it is that all goodness is the fruit of a consecrated life to God; for it is impossible for an individual to raise his life high in merit without a corresponding elevation of mind; and all religious societies prove their worth, not by creeds, but by beneficial fruits to humanity, by demonstrating those attributes that characterized the life of Jesus, the Christ. Doubly valuable was our Commemorative Service made by the presence of kindred souls from Mt. Lebanon, Harvard and Canterbury. It was also pleasant to have with us our friends and neighbors belonging to other churches. May the day never dawn when our doors will be closed to those not of our faith and Order of life. We can but hope that our Centennial exercises will not only bind us closer in the circle of co-operative interest and fraternal love, but that Zion may ever be ready to manifest her God-given gifts, and sow broadcast the seeds of truth, peace, and purity. George H. Baxter.