HISTORY OF SOUTH UNION, KY. No. 3 TT1HE journeys made by the Shaker ministers were mostly on horseback, JL and on the 22nd of Sept. 1807, one is recorded where Elder Issachar Bates, Richard M'Nemar, and Matthew Houston rode one hundred miles on a journey from Union Village to South Union. On the 18th of January, 1809, a journey was projected and Elder Benjamin S. Youngs, Issachar Bates and Richard M'Nemar with knapsacks on their backs, and on foot, set out for Busro, Ind., a distance of two hundred and thirty-five miles. 'On our first day out we traveled during a severe rain storm. When we reached the river we learned that it had so risen that we could not cross it. After waiting two days we hired a horse and were taken across the stream. We now continue our journey for some ten miles, through dense wood, without the least marking of a path till we reach what has been called the wilderness road, that leads to Vincennes. At night we cut down some trees and split them into boards to make us beds, as we had not where to lay our heads. After building a good fire, we made our beds under the branches of a large beech tree, which had fallen, seemingly for our convenience. Of course we were where there was nothing to harm us nor to make us afraid, and so we passed the night as comfortably as could be expected. 'On the evening of the next day we waded across the stream, which was about three feet deep at the place of our passage. With difficulty we built a fire, by which to dry our clothes and to provide warmth during the night. This time we obtained some brush wood of which to construct our beds and on these spread our blankets. JANUARY 4 THE MANIFESTO. 'Our rest was broken by the heavy rain which fell upon our house that was made of small brush wood. Our meals were provided in the most primitive manner from the scanty supply that we carried with us. 'On the morning of the 22nd, which would have been a day of rest, had we remained at our home in Union Village, we found ourselves making preparation for a wet and muddy tramp to our next resting place, wherever that may be. We passed through two settlements of Indians, but were allowed to proceed peaceably on our journey. In the afternoon it began to snow, so that we concluded to build a camp of poles and cover it with some poplar board, which we hurriedly made. We built a fire in our house as the indiaus do, and dried our clothes, and then lay down to rest for the night. 'On rising in the morning we found the snow only an inch deep, but the ground was frozen and the air quite sharp. We found that the back waters of the river had frozen, but the ice was too thin to be of much benefit to the travelers. Issachar tied some poles to his feet and took up his line of march. After breaking through several times he was glad to retreat, and patiently wait. We concluded to build a fire and to wait till the ice froze thick enough to bear us over in safety. As our provisions grew less from day to day, we ate less, that we might not be entirely without food while on this long, wilderness journey.' Issachar and Richard went a distance of two miles up the river, through hope of finding a better place, where we might cross to the other side. In this they failed of success, but they had the good luck to find the home of a fox, and as Reynard had just stolen a wild turkey, and hurriedly left him on the approach of the Brethren, they confiscated the property and Benjamin dressed and cooked the turkey for breakfast. 'It still continues to be cold, but we conclude to start early, and find/the ice bears us safely till we reach the river. We now spend about three hours in building a raft to take us across the stream, which we accomplish without harm to either person or goods. This was an excursion of necessity but not of pleasure. From the shore of the river we are obliged to cross a strip of low wet lands, a distance of five miles. Part of the way it was over cracking ice, and in some places the water was several feet deep. After patient toiling, however, we reached a land that was beyond the river, and began to make preparations for the night. A good fire was soon blazing, some snow melted for our drink, our suppers cooked and eaten, and then some bushes thickly laid on the snow for our resting place during the night. 'On the morning of the 26th we found it to be quite cold. We must start early, and before noon reached the knobs or more rising ground. We found to our surprise that we were clear of the waters of the Muskacatuck river, and were so overjoyed that we sang and danced right merrily. Continuing our journey we came to another water course which we crossed with difficulty, and then found the water and ice on the other side extended to a distance THE MANIFESTO. ' 5 of some three miles. We traveled over this about as we did over our first water way and were exceedingly thankful when we reached the more elevated land. 'Our next day's travel was thirty-three miles, but without any special change. The next day we walked twenty-two miles, growing more and more weary. The weather had been unpleasantly cold for two days, and it was only by our exercise in walking that we were made comfortable. When night came we made us a little shelter by the side of a stream, built our fire, ate our frugal repast, and lay down on our blankets for a much needed rest. 'This is our second Sunday in the wilderness. Three wanderers, so far from home and friends, and yet comforted in knowing that we were in the service of the Lori. We thought of those who were in the worship of God, and we shared the spirit of their prayers, which were made in our behalf. We also made our prayers and rendered our thanksgiving for the providential care which was extended over us. 'Although it was a day of rest for those at home, to us it must be a day of anxious toil, and when the sun was rising in the eastern horizon, we had already traveled several miles and reached the banks of White River. We looked out upon its waters, but not with even a hope of success. Large cakes of floating ice so dangerously blocked the way that we soon saw there was no possibility of crossing tli2 river. 'An Indian came near where we were, but as we could not understand the language of each other, no information could be obtained on either side. For the first time on the journey we were inevitably obliged to halt. No raft could cross the stream, and certainly there could be no other way of passing it. After searching around for some time we espied a cabin much to our relief. On reaching the house we heard the barking of a dog. It was a familiar sound, and in this place unusually pleasant. We were now in need of human kindness, and but for this rude cabin in the wilderness we might perish with cold, as we were so exhausted from our severe journey. 'We soon learned that a man by the name of McConn had settled here, and we were invited to enter the home of himself and wife. Here we obtained a good breakfast, which consisted of fresh bear's meat, corn bread and coffee. Never was a breakfast more acceptable and refreshing. By the assistance of this hardy man of the woods we were enabled to cross the river in safety. We paid him for his care and kindness and then returned our grateful thanks. At the close of the day we found we had traveled some twenty miles and reached the house of a man named Palmer, at about eight o'clock, p. m., weary and cold. ' 'Although they had retired for the night we were admitted and soon found ourselves far more comfortable than when lodging in the woods. This ended our eventful Sunday, on which we had heard no preaching, and but little singing. It was a long, cold and wearisome term of service. 6 THE MANIFESTO. 'On the morning of Monday we reached Jimmerson's and breakfasted. Then we soon crossed the Wabash River in a fiat boat. Again we were journeying through the water and ice for a mile and a half. Here we entered the camp of some Miami Indians, who were very friendly and allowed us to dry our clothes at their fires. The weather continued cold and windy, but we went on some nineteen miles farther and lodged at Booth tavern. 'This was the morning of the 31st. It was cold but clear. We started early and walked full two miles before we had our breakfast. This we obtained at the house kept by one Crosby. Traveling five miles more we come to the end of the great prairie. We continue our journey seven miles more over an open prairie, and arrive at the house of Robert Gill about 2 p. m., on the sixteenth day of our perilous journey. 'We are now at home, and our thankfulness is unbounded. Elder Issachar and Richard had their frozen feet poulticed, and every provision was made for our comfort, and every kindness in their power proffered that they could bestow, but our greatest pleasure was to find these dear souls steadfast in their faith to the gospel work. (To be continued.)