NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. November. Thermometer. Bain. Snoiv. 1892. 58.12 3.19 in. 0 1893. 37.2 % ' 3 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 56. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' ' snowy ' ' ' ' clear ' ' ' cloudy' ' 16. ' 3. 3. 16. 8. C. G. Meed. Dec. 1893. When this number of our Manifesto reaches us, we shall stand at the portal of a New Year, recognizing the fact that this New Year will be to us what the Old Year has made it. If it has been our earnest labor all along the past months to carry out the honest intentions of last New Year, when we could say, 'Build thee more stately mansions O my soul, As the swift seasons roll' we are now more fully expanded into a noble Christian character. How beautiful is ideal life as it pictures itself before us, when we are on some 'Mount of Transfiguration.' But the possession of that ideal comes not through observation. 'When the humblest duties of life are performed with a cheerful patience; when the left hand hardly knows what the right does; when we can sacrifice ourselves in little acts in which we feel no glory at all' then the perfect character is growing within us though we may know nothing of it, save the restful assurance that we, by aiming to be faithful in little things, are reaching our highest possibilities. We read with pleasure the Centennial observances, of Enfield and Shirley, and wonder why we could not have done as well, when it was so often agitated in our Society previous to the closing of our Century. Many thanks to the contributor of 'A Paraphrase on Taking Offence' in Dec. No. When we have learned this lesson much of the vinegar of life will be transformed to the oil of peace; for the effort to guard and care for 'I, mine, and me,' is the foundation of most of life's inharmonies. Amelia J. Calver Center Family Dec. 1893. Winter has begun. We are not as fully prepared for it as desirable, still can not complain seeing much has been accomplished. Our farmer deacon has made quite an alteration in the corn barn which we think will prove to be a substantial improvement. The change consists in having stanchions that swing around giving the animals greater liberty of movement of the heads. They are also supplied with pure, fresh water while in the stall. This being Sabbath day we of the Center family attended meeting at the Church and had an interesting season. Several speakers gave voice to sentiments that were profitable and instructive and many if not all present felt it good to be there. 18 THE MANIFESTO. Our religious gatherings should always be of an uplifting nature to those assembled. 'Gather my saints together they that have made a covenant with me by sacrifice.' We make sacrifices with the idea of leaving the inferior and ignoble for the superior and noble, the lower for the higher; hence, we leave the world with its selfishness and wrong-doing for a right manner of life, and to all who wish for a better condition of things than obtains in t!;e world we say, 'Come, and let him that heareth say come, and whosoever will let him partake of the waters of life freely.' Timothy D. Rayson North Family Dec. 1893. Oue ever welcome Manifesto comes to us again full of noble thought and deeds of service. How rich we feel in having the treasures opened to us of so many pure, beautiful and aspiring souls, devoted to the same cause and interest as our own. You all, we presume and trust, had a good, earnest, Thanksgiving meeting, and partook of a good Thanksgiving dinner. We enjoyed the day very much, as we were very kindly invited by our Canaan friends to spend the day with them, which we did, arriving there about 9 a. m. Held a good, free meeting, and partook of a beautiful vegetarian dinner. You will say it must have been a vegetarian dinner if it was beautiful, for who would think of describing a table set out with pieces of dead animals and birds, as beautiful? Our table truly was beautiful and replete with good vegetables, breads, sauces, jellies, fruits, nuts, etc., and yet some will say they can not give up the use of flesh as food as they have nothing to take its place. This excuse indicates, we think, a lack of faith and resolution. However, the treat of the day was the afternoon meeting. We were entertained by the members of the 'Ethical Floral Circle' who meet once a week under the guidance and training of Sister Emily Offord. Their motto is 'Cultivate the intel- lect. Improve the mind. Refine the manners.' And we can truly say they give evidence of progress towards their motto. The young Brethren and Sisters, boys and girls, did themselves great credit. It was a surprise and a treat, We reached home about dusk, having spent a memorable Thanksgiving Day. When we think of the blessings and comforts we enjoy, and look beyond into the towns and cities of the children of this world, our hearts ai-e subdued in sadness, and we would that we could do something to help to rectify the wrongs and relieve the oppressions under which the unfortunate, the weak, the ignorant, suffer. Some of us feel concerned about these matters, and think Believers should give time and attention to the study of the methods by which the landlord and usurer filches the produce of the toiler. It certainly is not well for Believers to be ignorant of, and to shut their eyes and ears to the distressful conditions existing in the outer world. The root of industrial distress undoubtedly lies in bad land laws. A system that permits a man to own land upon which his fellow men must earn their living and to tax them on the added value accruing by their labor and the increase of population, is unjust. This and the use of metals as money and the consequent usury laws are the seed bed of millionares and paupers. The law was to go forth from Zion and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem, and Believers certainly should have a testi- mony on such matters. , We would at the opening of the New Year renew with our gospel kindred, our vows of consecration to our high and holy calling, and resolve to do all we can the coming year to bring ourselves and the conditions around us a little nearer to where our faith would have us. Walter S. Shepherd West Pittsfield, Mass. Dec. 1893. / Only a few days and the grand Columbian year will have closed its existence. THE MANIFESTO. 19 It seems hardly possible that its race can have been run so quickly. What joys and sorrows, what hopes and disappointments, what successes and failures, what achievements and deprivations, are chronicled on the pages of its history. The rapidly passing moments silently, yet forcibily seem to say, we are hastily bearing each soul over life's fitful height, to the bounds of eternity. The past few days have produced beautiful weather; and Br. Ira Lawson's verdict is, that sleighing in this early part of the season, has not been surpassed in the past twenty-five years. Present appearances betoken a thaw. The supply of wood for another winter is mostly drawn to the mill, and much of it sawed. Seventy acres of land have been plowed and prepared for the sowing of oats. Eight hundred loads of manure have been drawn and spread on thirty more acres to bring it in condition for the production of other crops. Dairy roof has been newly shingled; and an addition of 90x18 ft., to the building used for storage and wood-house, is just completed. May the dawn of the New Year bring the smile of gladness to all the kind readers of The Manifesto, and be fraught with increased blessings for all who are striving to live a life of true holiness. Julia L. Sweet Shaker Station, Conn. Dec. 1893. We have an excellent market for stove and furnace wood. Management means a great deal in poultry business. A good poultry man is as important as good fowls. To feed well is the secret of success. Pure water with plenty of egg-producing food will tell. The needs of the poultry must be studied. Ground meat and ground bone, with milk, are among the essentials in winter food for hens. A sameness of diet should be avoided. Hens will give a good account of their work on a varied diet. Daniel Orcutt South Family Dec. 1893. The season of Thanksgiving was duly observed and thanks returned for the blessings received. The comforts which are experienced in our quiet homes are the reward of industry and care, as time has swiftly carried us through the harvesting season and filled our granaries and storehouses with a bountiful supply from the Giver of every good and perfect gift. A new elevator is in process of construction which will also add to the many improvements of the year eighteen hundred ninety-three, and all have proved so far beneficial. We have been favored lately with a short but pleasant interview with our highly esteemed Brother Arthur Bruce and also with Elder Calvin Reed and a Brother companion. These seasons of gospel interchange strengthen the bond of union, although the time was too limited to be satisfactory. The Year 1894 is about to dawn. The past, freighted with golden opportunities has gone forever. Its hours we can never recall, but its influence is ours, its spirit abides, though unseen. Even so with those who have left us, they live and are laboring now; their achievements are for us, their inspiration is our portion, our legacy, our New Year's gilt. As a people may we awaken to a vivid sense of our responsibilities, for all we do lives after us. May the Spirit of Truth, Wisdom and Love, be our guide and counsellor through the untried year. Maria Withum East Canterbury, N. H North Family. Dec. 1893. In the year that has nearly passed, we can with pleasure look back to the many comforts and blessings, both temporal and spiritual. These, an all-wise Providence has bestowed upon us, to make home pleasant and to draw our hearts to a greater consecration in God's service. For all his blessings we are truly thankful and in the beginning of the glad New 20 THE MANIFESTO. Year would consecrate our souls anew to that spiritual understanding which is given to us through Christ our Savior. Our hearts swell with gratitude, for the pleasant surroundings that encompass us, and for this we would give to God all our services. We are thankful for temporal blessings and for the bounteous harvest we have received. Hay an average crop, and housed in good condition. Apples not abundant but we will be thankful for a few. We harvested a good crop of potatoes, and by the unremitting labors of Elder Nicholas we had a nice family garden and a good yield of lovage. Our door-yard has been made a flowery dell, the past summer, by the Sisters with a little extra help. We thank God for the gifts he has given to us. Let us put these talents to such use that when the Divine Teacher calls we may hear the welcome sound, 'Well done, good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.' Potter Dyball. Weather Eecord for November, 1893. Highest Temp, during the month, 52 Lowest ' ' ' ' 9 Mean ' ' ' ' 31.3 Snowfall in inches ' ' ' 3.25 Total Precipitation ' ' 1.87 Greatest ' in any 24 consecutive hours, .87 N. A. Briggs. Enfield, N. H. Dec. 1893. Already we have turned the last page, bearing record of the grand old year of 1893, and while we witness its departure, rife with the wonderful events that have marked its progress, our hearts are made glad in the realization that so much is being done by the noble workers throughout the broad universe of God, to spread a knowledge of the truth that maketh free, bringing as a result, righteousness to the hearts of the children of men. Let us awaken, who are called to be the sons and daughters of the resurrection, lest we be found lacking that power which alone gives victory to the soul. We would return our grateful thanks to all who send greetings for the New Year, while we would express the same to our kindred everywhere. Since December came in we have expe- rienced a real touch of genuine winter weather; quite a big foretaste as we view it. We have sufficient snow to make sleighing practicable. Our winter's supply of wood is being drawn to the sheds ready for use, and if the weather-wise have made no mistake, we shall find need for its consumption, before the balmy days of spring visit us again. Our Brethren are in the mill at work on the corn planters; they have a contract for six hundred the present season. Sisters find employment in the various places where duty calls, striving to make the home with all its surroundings an honor to the profession we make, trusting that the blessing of heaven will rest upon every effort in the cause of good. Julia Russell North Family Dec. 1893. In bidding the past year adieu and welcoming the new, we waft a new petition for divine blessing upon our fellow men and our household of faith. 'Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me.' True it is that the joys and trials of the past year have proved necessary, developing powers to adjust life aright, and as long as we dwell in the light of God, which casts no shadow, weariness will not unsettle our faith nor obscure from our sight the divine staff of God's supporting love. The December number of our Manifesto, we consider an excellent one to end the 1893 volume. Especially was the Editorial inspiring; inciting the mind to think more of the vital interests of Zion's welfare, in place of valueless forms or methods which savor of 'antiquated dogmas.' Eepresenting one of the branches of God's stupendous tree of spiritual life, THE MANIFESTO. 21 possessing the sap of vitalizing truth and a few dead leaves of error, may we as a Church be more zealous to use the pruning knife of consistency and cut off all that is useless as well as extirpate from within, traits of character offensive to God and our associates. As we do, we shall enlarge our individuality in all that is good and pure as well as in the possibility of God's work of soul salvation. In this we may help to bring about our long desired hope of establishing the kingdom of heaven within. George H. Baxter Watervliet, N. Y. Second Family. Wintek has set in, we have little snow but quite good sleighing. We are busy just now threshing grain. The North Family and we have joined help thereby mak- ing it a little lighter for both. Oats turn out good, but rye rather poor, but as crops on the whole have been quite fair, complaining will do no good. Have cut some tire wood also. As we must soon bid good by to '93 we shall have to prepare for the year '94. May we be careful to make fewer resolves but determined to keep all good ones and add unto them more. Each year is telling either for good or otherwise. There is need of extra exertion and may we begin the New Year with a determination to be consecrated, and not feel, I am only one, it will not matter much. Let us remember that as we are a part of community we should individually feel that there is a duty we owe to ourselves and also to society, which is to do all the good we can and as little harm as possible. Each deed counts either for good or evil. We wish all the household of faith east and west a happy New Year with gospel increase. Therefore, let all in particular study more closely the principles of our faith, that we may not only be better able to give a reason why we are Believers, to candid inquirers, but it will help us to work more understanding^ for salvation and redemption from a sinful life. Isaac Anstatt Sabbathday Lake, Me. Dec. 1893. Brethren and Sisters of the Household of Faith:— Our good Sister Ada Cummings, who writes our monthly notes for The Manifesto has some trouble with her eyes and therefore must be careful for the present. As she can not write until the time will be past for you to receive our New Year's greeting in the January number, I take my pen to tell you that we, at Sabbathday Lake, wish you all a Happy New Year. It is a hazy Sabbath, not what we would call foggy, for the sun is shining almost through, and it makes us think that heaven is beyond, only a little ways. We attended our religious service and heaven appeared right in our midst, no haze to separate. Eldress Harriet Goodwin spoke beautifully to the youth and children, and said she had noticed a marked improvement in their deportment, and this is what her loving, motherly eye is quick to see. Their Elders and Teachers spare no pains with them, and they show that they are giving good heed to the kind instruction which they receive from day to day. This afternoon I visited Sister Ada and her company of little girls. They were just arranging for a meeting of their own. I asked if I could be a spectator and liberty was granted at once. They had leaders appointed from their own number and the order was perfect. The gifts of the spirit were really made manifest. Toward the close of the meeting I taught them the 'Celestial March' and other religious exercises which made the worship of our fathers and mothers so beautiful; and that caused me to think of the pure and holy lives which our fathers and mothers lived. O, how white and clean are the spiritual robes of the children of the resurrection! These are Sabbathday Lake notes and temporal matters are left out. So in the commencement of the New Year, we will seek the spiritual first, then the temporal blessings will be added. Aurelia G. Mace White Water, O. North Family. Dec. 1893. We have finished sawing our wood for the winter. Four of the Brethren from the Center family, with their new, fifteen horse traction engine, pulled into our wood-yard early this morning and as the workmen and the machinery were in fine condition, the way the short sticks flew was a caution. While the Brethren were busy outdoors the Sisters were contributing their share indoors, helping on with the good work, by placing before us a most excellent dinner. How well they succeeded, we will leave to the imagination of the readers, as the writer feels that he can not do the sub- ject justice in writing. We have our corn all in the crib. Our stock in shape to be stabled whenever necessary. ****** We had a very good meeting at ten o'clock, Thanksgiving morning. Every one was made to feel that it was a thanksgiving indeed, as well as in name. Why should we not be thankful? We have every thing to make us comfortable, both temporal and spiritual and all that we are required to do for all this, is to take up our cross against sin. Many thanks for the invitation to visit your home at Canterbury. Our school children are making preparations for an entertainment during the holidays. Please accept our gospel love and best wishes for a happy Christmas. J. O. Tyler Canaan, N. Y. Dec. 1893. Beloved Editor:—We have been silent contributors to the Home Notes for some months by. giving space to others. Through some mistake our last Notes did not enter your Office. They contained a brief account of our terrific hailstorm therefore we felt somewhat disappointed in not having it published. A member of our 'Floral Circle' wrote out a description of the storm in blank verse which we enclose for your consideration. [The Storm at even-tide will appear next month. Ed.] On the 27th ult. some of our Sisters were surprised at an unusual, sudden jarring of the house. They at once attributed it to vibrations of an earthquake, in which opinion they were subsequently confirmed by learning that a severe shock was felt in Montreal at the same time. We have spent a very happy and joyous Thanksgiving. Our friends from the North family came to spend the day with us. I do not know as such a thing ever happened before. We have generally been recipients of their hospitality. We had a beautiful meeting in the fore- noon, after which we shared together a bountiful dinner, no lives of poor innocent animals having to be taken to satiate our appetites. In the afternoon the 'Floral Circle' gave us an interesting entertainment some over two hours, and we trust all were benefited thereby. Dec. 3. To-day we are right in the midst of a heavy snow-storm, the wind blowing so fiercely as to rock our house. We wish our gospel kindred a happy New Year. Angelina Brown Watervliet, O. Dec. 1893. Beloved Elder Henry :—We are having very slippery weather, at present. Thermometer stands 18 above zero. I have just reached home, having been at Union Village on a visit. I had the pleasure of meeting our beloved Elder Joseph Holden, from Mt. Lebanon. The time spent with him was very pleasant. I also attended religious serv- ice with the Brethren and Sisters and found many well tried souls who were zealous in the cause of gospel truth. I enjoyed the season very much. I was also interested in those who had just entered the gospel work. It is good to know THE MANIFESTO. 23 that they are bearing a daily cross, and making their lives pure before God. They manifested a desire to support the gospel and were not anxious to introduce the ways of the world. We want the treasures of the Kingdom of God and let the world take care of itself and its ways. Henry W. Fredrick