North Family Dec. 1893. Oue ever welcome Manifesto comes to us again full of noble thought and deeds of service. How rich we feel in having the treasures opened to us of so many pure, beautiful and aspiring souls, devoted to the same cause and interest as our own. You all, we presume and trust, had a good, earnest, Thanksgiving meeting, and partook of a good Thanksgiving dinner. We enjoyed the day very much, as we were very kindly invited by our Canaan friends to spend the day with them, which we did, arriving there about 9 a. m. Held a good, free meeting, and partook of a beautiful vegetarian dinner. You will say it must have been a vegetarian dinner if it was beautiful, for who would think of describing a table set out with pieces of dead animals and birds, as beautiful? Our table truly was beautiful and replete with good vegetables, breads, sauces, jellies, fruits, nuts, etc., and yet some will say they can not give up the use of flesh as food as they have nothing to take its place. This excuse indicates, we think, a lack of faith and resolution. However, the treat of the day was the afternoon meeting. We were entertained by the members of the 'Ethical Floral Circle' who meet once a week under the guidance and training of Sister Emily Offord. Their motto is 'Cultivate the intel- lect. Improve the mind. Refine the manners.' And we can truly say they give evidence of progress towards their motto. The young Brethren and Sisters, boys and girls, did themselves great credit. It was a surprise and a treat, We reached home about dusk, having spent a memorable Thanksgiving Day. When we think of the blessings and comforts we enjoy, and look beyond into the towns and cities of the children of this world, our hearts ai-e subdued in sadness, and we would that we could do something to help to rectify the wrongs and relieve the oppressions under which the unfortunate, the weak, the ignorant, suffer. Some of us feel concerned about these matters, and think Believers should give time and attention to the study of the methods by which the landlord and usurer filches the produce of the toiler. It certainly is not well for Believers to be ignorant of, and to shut their eyes and ears to the distressful conditions existing in the outer world. The root of industrial distress undoubtedly lies in bad land laws. A system that permits a man to own land upon which his fellow men must earn their living and to tax them on the added value accruing by their labor and the increase of population, is unjust. This and the use of metals as money and the consequent usury laws are the seed bed of millionares and paupers. The law was to go forth from Zion and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem, and Believers certainly should have a testi- mony on such matters. , We would at the opening of the New Year renew with our gospel kindred, our vows of consecration to our high and holy calling, and resolve to do all we can the coming year to bring ourselves and the conditions around us a little nearer to where our faith would have us. Walter S. Shepherd