Books and Papers The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy Mr. Howells' literary autobiography begins in the Christmas Ladies' Home Journal, and will continue through a year's numbers of that magazine. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. Dec. Contents. The Use of Drugs; The Efficiency of Hygeio-Therapy; The Folly of Vaccination; A Test Case; An Old Pioneer; Answer to Dr. Stair; Letter to a Young Man, etc., etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford, Kokomo, Ind. Ebenezers, or Records of prevailing Prayer 'Ebenezers, or Records of prevailing Prayer,' by H. L,. Hastings of Boston, Mass., is the title of a Book of nearly 300 pages. It is beautifully printed with clear, large type, which will give a comforting assurance to the eyes of the aged, as well as to the young, as they study these wonderful lessons of faith. Those who believe with the good apostle, that they should give themselves continually to prayer and to the ministry of the word, will enjoy unbounded comfort in the perusal of this little volume. It contains a great variety of interesting matter in prayerful experience and is the whispering of anxious souls for 'good-will' to man. A HUNDRED TON MAUA3INE OKDER, An event in periodical literature, n,ot without its significance to the general public as showing the growth of the reading classes, was the receipt on the 9th of November by The Cosmopolitan Magazine of the order given below. A single order from a news company for one hundred tons'of magazines! That is almost an event in the history of the world. A like order has never before been made, and if past ratios be maintained it means considerably more than half a million circulation for the December Cosmopolitan. Yet, when the list of authors and artists in the December number is examined, one is not so much surprised. It contains the only known unpublished manuscript of De Maupassant, illustrated by Vierge, perha-ps the most famous of European illustrators; After the World's Fair, by Paul Bourget, John J. Ingalls, William Dean Howells, Lyman J. Gage, Arthur Sherburne Hardy, Mark Twain, Robert Grant and others nearly as famous, and nearly two hundred illustrations, to which the following art- ists contribute: Hopkinson Smith, Kemble, Harry Fenn, F. O. Small, Attwood, Henckel, Dan Beard, Reinhart and Remington. Think of having the World's Fair done by such expensive men as Howells, Mark Twain and Paul Bourget, and sending such artists as Charles S. Reinhart to Chicago for a single number of a magazine to be sold for only 15 cents, or by subscription twelve and one half cents. A book publisher, preparing such a book would not dare incur these expenses short of $5.00 a copy. Is it not a revolution that is an improvement upon old methods; a revolution of vast importance to the reading public? The order to which reference is made reads as follows: 'Publisher Cosmopolitan. Dear Sir:—Of the 200,000 copies of December number to be sent us, please send as follows: 172,650 copies regular edition, 27,250 copies R. R. edition. Yours respectfully, The American News Company.' A very interesting account of mind development in the case of a girl born without sight, hearing and speech will deeply affect the readers of the December Phrenological Journal, because of its really marvelous nature. The sketch of Mrs. Kendal, the wellknown actress, is also to be commended as a superior bit of character limning with many incidental points of social interest. How to Study Strangers, the addresses delivered at the Institute Alumni banquet, and other special features must draw popular attention, A sketch of Dr. McClellan, father of Gen. McClellan, and a famous surgeon in his day, adds to the series of phrenological biographies an important member. 'Bread Reform' is an appetizing theme, as the writer puts it, and the article on warm water instead of cold, in hy_ dropathic treatment, is in the main sound and comforting. The editor very forcibly scores the conduct of the partisans of silver, and emphasizes the point that a scientist is none the less a citizen because he may be devoted to science. The number is generally a phrenological one and will be eagerly read, we doubt not, by all who are interested in Phrenology, since it is fairly representative of the latter day progress of this science in the civilized world. Price 15 cts; $1.50 a year. Address Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 25 East 21st TStreet, New York. LITERARY NOTE. The Werner Company, of Chicago, is publishing in weekly numbers a report of the proceedings of the World's Parliament of Religions, held in Chicago, in the Memorial Art Palace, under the auspices of the World's Columbian Exposition. The addresses are com- plete, and verbatim, and are illustrated with portraits of one hundred of the principal del- egates and speakers. There are to be eleven parts, and the entire series cost but $1.00, postpaid. THE ALTRUIST. Is a monthly paper, partly in Phonetic spelling, and devoted to common property, united labor, Community homes, and equal rights to all. It is published by the Altruist Community, whose members all live and work together, and hold all their property in common, all the men and women haying equal rights in electing officers and deciding all business affairs by their majority vote. 50 cents a year; specimen copy free. Address A. Longley, 901 Olive St., St. Louis, Mo. MUSIC. Price, $1.50. SHAKER 24