THE NEW YEAR WITH what rapidity we have passed around the cycle, and on to the end of the year ! Days, weeks, and months have whirled away with wonderful velocity, and where may they now be found? The good and patient Job of Bible story was evidently contemplating this same subject when he wrote the following verse :— 'My days are shifter than a weaver's shuttle.' That we are here to enter the race for another year is quite certain, and yet the outgoing year carries with it the part that we have acted during those twelve, precious, eventful months. That our lives have been recorded with unerring exactness, is quite evident to the thinking mind, and many are able to see that record in its most minute details. With the past, however, we must make quick and decisive work; confess our faults, drop a penitent tear and then hurry away with new resolves and more intense earnestness to do right, if we expect to keep in the place where life and light has placed us. The Manifesto and its friends have shared a mutual interest during the past year, and corresponding blessings have fallen to the lot of each one. To make our little paper the herald of 'good news,' to inspire its readers with life that is manifested in goodness toward our fellow man, and in kindness toward the whole creation of God, should be our earnest endeavor. The world should be made better by the presence of every man, woman, and child, and should this fail to be accomplished, sorrow and sin wrould be the consequent result. Our duty in this essential work is apparent. Called of God as witnesses of his love to man; called of God as laborers in his vineyard, our consecration should be full and our life devoted in doing good. Abundant opportunities are offered on every hand, in which to manifest our zeal for God, our consecration to the gospel work and our interest in the promulgation of 'peace on earth and good-will to man.' 'Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaketh.' With this love of God in the heart, and a 'gentle mind, easy to be entreated,' there can not be otherwise than good words and loving deeds. God works in and through his servants, that our lives may be made of value to others ; and that the name of God may be honored through our faithfulness to duty. THE MANIFESTO. 15 The outgoing year has had its measure well filled with the upspringing remembrances of grateful minds. Honor has been awarded to whom honor is due, for the discovery of this new world. All nations have shared in the blessings of a universal emancipation, and under this cherished protection, have been able to express their appreciation of the loving care of a universal God, without the fear of molestation. Sectarians for once have been forced to admit that 'devout men out of every nation under heaven,' have preached the true spirit of righteousness and the brotherhood of man. Even some branches of the Church of Christ, known as our gospel home, took thought of the swift passage of time, and lovingly spoke of their early home, and of the zealously devoted laborers who sacrificed their lives for the prosperity and happiness of others. They had closed their record of a century, and many thankful hearts have been filled with expressions of love to God, and with thanksgiving for the unbounded blessings that have been conferred upon our country, and then directly upon our home. Opening our record for new and active inspiration, we look forward with a pleasant anticipation to the time when the 'earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea.' With' this initial number The Manifesto enters upon its twenty- fourth year. In the record of the past will be found many valuable treasures of gospel experience, which were brought forth by consecrated and devoted souls, whose love for God and man filled their whole being. May we emulate thieir example and as God has blest us, so let our light shine in all the earth, for. the peace and prosperity of all mankind. To those who have in any way contributed to the advancement of our little paper, during, the past year, we tender bur kind thanks, and trust that renewed efforts will be made during the present year to make it just what we may wish it to be. Much good may be done in our own home circle, for the writers and readers of The Manifesto, and then it should extend into the world for information concerning our communal homes, and for the peace and blessing of all who may lead a Christian life. If in all this we shall have regard to the ministrations of the Christ Spiritj, we shall seek first the kingdom of God and its righteousness. This will mstipe us-every other needed blessing.