THE CHURCH OF CHRIST By Watson Andrews HVTOTHING is plainer than if there is a Church of Christ on earth it is -L ^ the embodiment of his Spirit, and of course under the control of that Spirit; and it is equally plain that a Church or body of people organized as a religious Society, and which is governed by the Spirit of Christ, will, nay must bring forth the fraits of that Spirit. For 'If ye have not the Spirit of Chris,t, ye are none of his.' Should it be denied that this is divine in- spiration, it can not be denied that it is sound logic; for the spirit of an individual or institution is the life thereof. Jesus promised his disciples he would send them another Comforter, that would 'lead them into all truth.' Observe now what this Holy Ghost—Spirit—did lead them into. 'And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with ones accord in one place. And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing, mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as it were fire, and it abode upon each Of them. And they were all filled with the Holy Spirit, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.' ' 'And all that believed were together and had all things in common ; and sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to ah1, as every one had need.' 'And they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart.' • ] The result of this was a number of churches, or more properly, a number of branches of the one Church of Christ, and the ' 'All Truth' Jesus declared the ''Comforter'—could he come nearer suggesting Mother, but his time had not come to say that, as he declared to his mother, 'Woman, what have I to do with thee, my hour is not come.' To unite with Woman in dispensing the new wine of the Kingdom, let us suppose he meant,—'would lead them into,' was the four cardinal features of the life of the little association of which he was the head and leader while he tarried among men; viz. Virgin purity of life, community of goods, parental control and filial respect. Herein is seen the Church of Christ in in-, cipiency, the 'foundation, other than which no man can lay,' that will stand the test of time. PURITY and EQUALITY; this is the grand motto which, carried out in daily life, can alone secure peace in human society, and where peace is lacking, all is lacking. Upon the four cardinal principles enumerated above, the Pentecostal Church was established by the direct inspiration of the Holy Spirit, and all the branches of that Church, so long as they retained their integrity, taught THE MANIFESTO. It and practiced the same. 'I came to seek and to save that which was lost,' said the spirit of Christ through the mediumship of the wise Nazarene. 'I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.' 'The well need not a physician, but the sick.' Sinners, the morally sick, then, are, those whom he came to call, and of which, it is evident, he is to build his Church. But surely, you will think, the Church of Christ can not be composed of sinners ; certainly not, on any other principle than that sick people form the occupants of an hospital. This proves the Church of Christ to be an hospital. A moral hospital for the morally infirm; and those who, having been admitted as patients, and who have submitted to the treatment sufficiently long to become healed, or even comfortably convalescent, are to be, we may reasonably suppose, retained as assistant physicians, nurses and caretakers of those still suffering under moral infirmities. Hence, wherever the Church is established, it will be known by the characteristics of a well regulated hospital, viz., that of healing the sick. An asylum where the seekers after moral health and spiritual development can be received and treated according to their symptoms by those who have passed through similar experiences, and thus know how to administer to their every need, the only requirement being cheerful submission to the necessary treatment. Here, all being the patients of the Founder of the institution, the 'Good Physician,' will be equally entitled to all the 'house affords.' Metaphor aside, the Church of Christ can be no other than his body, animated and hence controlled by his spirit. Of course any member of that body who should refuse submission to those wholesome laws and regulations necessary to secure harmony, and hence peace in society, would not be actuated by the spirit of Christ, and hence would be none of his. Nothing is more certain than where the interests of a community are diverse, complete harmony is impossible; and without complete harmony there can be no complete happiness. Union Village, O.