VANITY By Henry W. Frederick ONE may soon see the pernicious effects of great vices, while some which are more alluring in the beginning, and more gradual in their development, are none the less deadly in their effect. Among the vices of a more progressive nature, we may class pride and vanity. They will as certainly undermine the foundation of character and prosperity, in persons, neighborhoods, states, and empires; as dissention and quarreling will produce war, and war will produce desolation and ruin. Some begin quite early in life to put on airs that are vain and lofty, and to cherish a desire for finery and display. Such soon form a love for exhibiting personal appearance, mingling for vain parade with the multitude, squandering time, poring over foolish, empty, romantic reading, and thus acquiring taste for low, immoral exhibitions. Pride soon lifts them above those around them, and their minds are on the stretch for new worldly notions, exciting adventures. They incline to follow every passion which they imagine will yield pleasure, and vain short-lived enjoyment. Business employment is to them a burden; useful study, a hated task; and the real duties of life, a punishment inflicted by Providence, If such will not be reclaimed, mark their course to the end. As time rolls on, you will see such, having built the foundation of their characters on every thing frivolous, uncertain, empty, and vain; the superstructure is sure to be com- posed of grosser vices, debasing sins and lawless indulgences; which must inevitably result in degradation and misery. On the other hand, observe those who early begin, and diligently pursue the opposite course. Their deportment even in childhood associates with it the budding of something steady, decisive, and regular. They are easily satisfied with life's most simple gifts. They soon begin to discriminate between the real and useful, and the vain and useless, they are easily guided into useful studies, profitable reading, and reasonable recreation. Their time is soon employed in laboring to become useful members of society. They learn to esteem lightly ostentatious display, and all vain parade. Many youth, before they arrive at the age of fifteen years, show great judgment in selecting substantial studies, and in their early preparations for the useful pursuits of life. Whether such turn their attention to worldly, moral, or spiritual matters, they commonly move ahead in useful stations, in the places of trust they fill. They are honored in life, and their removal from earth, often produces mourning and regret; while the passing away of a superficial class of useless beings, is generally considered a blessing to the race. Union Village, O.