CYRUS By Thankful H. Hale CYRUS king of Persia the type, Cyrus the founder of the Koreshan Unity the antitype. The controversy of late between the 'Flaming Sword,' and The Manifesto brings these two characters vividly to my mind. Cyrus king of Persia was a blood-thirsty man. His great desire was to conquer all the kingdoms of the world with carnal weapons. He was very successful for a long time, until his territory was very great. He finally attacked a wom- an's kingdom. Queen Tomyris in the north country had a vast dominion. King Cyrus lusted after it. She being a widow, he first proposed marriage to her, thinking by taking her in that way he should get her dominion in a subtle manner. Accordingly he sent an ambassador with the proposition of marriage. She being aware of his intent, returned her refusal, saying, 'I am aware that you want my dominion more than you do me.' Lust confronted turns into hate, so he was determined to make war upon her, informing her of the same and getting his army ready. She sent an ambassador advising him to give up his determination, as it would be better for him as well as her to do so, but no, he was determined to move forward, so she made a proposition to him, that she would meet him on his territory three days' march from the river which divided them, or three days' march from the river on her dominion. THE MANIFESTO. 13 He accepted the latter, and when the time arrived for the first battle, she only took one third of her large army, thinking that would be sufficient to demolish his whole army, but not so; he gained the victory and captured her only son, who was to be her successor to the throne, as a prisoner. He became frantic and committed suicide in prison. This enraged the Queen v^ho then put forth her whole army. In the second battle, she conquered and King Cyrus was slain on the battle field. She ordered that his dead body be brought to her with a bucket of blood, and that his head be severed from his body. She then with her own hand, took his head by the hair thereof, and plunged it into the bucket of blood, saying, 'Insatiate monster! you shall have your fill of blood.' So the great King Cyrus was conquered by a woman. As it was with the type, so it may be with the anti-type, Cyrus. He has undertaken to take the woman's kingdom, first by union or marriage. Not being able fully to accomplish this, that is, to get her dominion through marriage, he has commenced a warfare, but he had better take warning from the experience of the ancient King Cyrus and desist, as it will be better for him, for he will surely lose his life on the battle-field and be beheaded, as was the typical Cyrus. 'A word to the wise is sufficient.'