SPIRITUAL FORCES By Hamilton DeGraw 'T THANK Thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth that Thou hast JL hid these things from the wise and prudent and hast revealed them unto babes; even so Father, for so it seemed good in thy sight.' To the individual whose spiritual perceptions are alive it is known what were those gifts that were hid from the earthly mind and revealed to those who humbly come to the Father with a pure heart, earnestly desiring to possess the true riches. Spiritual forces, that vitalizing power that gives life and animation to the universe of mind and matter, is above the comprehension of the one that dwells in the lower elements of soul life. They that bow down and worship the beast and his image never can realize nor know of that spiritual ecstacy those feel who stand on Mount Zion with praise and thanksgiving on their lips and manifesting in their lives the truth, 'He that overcometh shall inherit all things.' To be able, always, to come in rapport with that power, requires a constant watchfulness lest while we slumber the enemy come and sow tares. Any organization, whether religious, social, political, or of individual entity that does not move with a firm and steady step in perfect concord with those spiritual forces that are leading upward to a higher development ; just so surely will such organizations or individuals become spir- itually ossified; the rust of ages will begin to collect and the refreshing THE MANIFESTO. 7 showers and vivifying sunshine of angelic ministrations will fall upon stony hearts tiiat are dead to those heavenly gifts. It is not by chance that thp spiritual awakening of mankind has been brought about at different periods of its history when the time-worn creeds and dogmas that furnished them with food had been exhausted leaving only the empty formula that the soul true to its higher promptings, sends out a deep and fervent prayer for something fresh from the tree of life. 'Give us this day our daily bread.' Any soul that has once realized the divine over-shadowing; or has felt the 'powers of the world to come,' will acknowledge the truth that the happiest moments of his life were when the soul had been chastened and purified in the furnace of affliction, and in humility of spirit he could cry 'Father, not my will but Thine be done.' The complete subjection and surrender of the great / am the ego that the earthly mind considers so important, to the Father's will and purpose is not a blind and unintelligent submission, but a loving feeling of concord with the heavenly spirit,—'I and my Father are one.' The darkness of the theological night is almost past, and the light of the glorious resurrection morning is about to dawn upon the race; with that increasing light greater responsibilities to rightly use those gifts, and a stern accountability resting upon those who violate the higher revelation that has come to their sou's. How p rfect must have been the ministration that united our Savior with the heavenly hosts, when on the night of his crucifixion, he said to his disciples, 'Thinkest thou that I can not now pray to my Father and He shall presently give me more than twelve legions of angels?' Doubtless for a wise purpose he refrained. But is there an individual that has ever seen the heavens opened and felt the 'powers of the world to come' that could doubt the fact that the appeal would have been answered if it had been made? Mother Ann told her companions that she knew it was impossible for her enemies to take her life until her work was accomplished, for she realized the overshadowing of the heavenly hosts and felt their protecting power ; and the evidence was so strong that it left no room for doubt. But to realize in its fullness, this divine spiritual baptism, there must be earnest and effective work performed in the direction of spirit unfoldment. Grapes can not be gathered from thorns nor figs from thistles. Neither can the soul that has given its life forces to the building of its lower self-hood feel these higher ministrations. The innumerable host that the Revelator saw in vision that had not bowed down nor worshiped the beast but had come up out of great tribulation and were in truth overcomers; had evolved from their lives the angel, and had wrought out their own salvation. 8 THE MANIFESTO. The law of recompense that runs through the Divine plan in its dealings with finite existences is, that whatever is sown will be reaped. No parasites in this kingdom to prey upon the soul's labors and rob it of its rightly acquired power, for when growth has been found in the divine life all the powers of the world can not take it away. It is the 'pearl of great price' to purchase which all selfish interests must be sold. The waters of the great deep are being stirred by mighty spiritual forces and among the debris of thought cast upon the shores of experience only to be rejected by the progressive soul, we find priceless jewels, pearls of intrinsic worth that by incorporation in human lives are evolving better conditions in society, working out of crude material the polished product of a higher life. Here the mission of life is revealed. If we can not understand why we catch only a partial glimpse of our unfolding mission, we can use it as an incentive, a propelling power for higher unfoldment. Shakers, N. Y..