THE MANIFESTO. 45 North Family. Jan. 1894. I was agreeably surprised on opening the first number of our New Year's Manifesto, to note the change of its essay form. As with literature, so are all moral and secular improvements, however slight, additional strength to formulate our soul redeeming cause and to bless as we would be blest. Fervent are our prayers that 'Zion may arise, her glorious light shine forth,' not only on home relations, but environ Br. Dowe in his western mission of manifesting the fruits of the spirit and advocating the gospel lessons of regenerative life. Yea, 'Zion's interests press a little heavier than ever before,' and gospel kindred let us give heed to the cry that Zion's overladened heart sends forth; 'Let Zion move as the heart of one,' on toward the Mount of Calvary and again listen to the ten commandments which harmonize and beautify after the pattern of the inspired Revelator. However irregular the landscape round about, to the artistic mind there lies beauty and grandeur. Even so in viewing the deformities of human beings; however marked and deficient in virtue, the angel side is there. Varied opinions on various subjects will ever exist, but where the spirit of Christ abounds, these are not used as weapons to combat and destroy, but are regarded as among the non-essentials of life. Bigotry and ignorance are antagonistical to love and wisdom, and they should mellow before the effulgent rays of truth and justice and tlius purity and equality will have its progressive work of mind and soul sanctification. Our family united with the Church to enjoy Christmas festivities, which privilege adds one more event to our lives, contributing a soul force to the fashioning of our spirits for the immortal life. As our acts form a readable character, as daily they become added to the Book of Life, let us impress upon our gospel friends' Book of Memory, records of enduring worth; for it should be a truth that 'I and my people are one' in moral works and in spiritual faith. G. II. Baxter.