QUERIES. By Martha J. Anderson. TTTE have met some queries in regard to the progress of the '-Self ImVV provement Society.' On inquiry of our enthusiastic President, we are glad to report that there is no dimunition of interest among the members. During the summer months they met fortnightly, now they have resumed their weekly gatherings on Wednesday evenings. The meetings ure opened with music, then the regular programme is read; usually there are three or four essays or compositions, besides the original paragraphs to be read. Last week there was a reading from ''Self Help,' by Samuel Smiles, an able article on 'The injurious effects of tea and coffee,' by Sister Lucy Bowers, and other short pieces. The next subject to be discussed with its pros and cons is Re-incarnation, which, as Sister Catharine says, does l.ot detract from the vital principles of our faith, as it is simply the law of evolution and developnient through many physical existences. Several propositions have been laid before the meeting, which will add interest and variety ro future gatherings. There is increasing harmony, freedom and confidence among the members, which speaks well for high aims and purposes along the lines of self-improvement. Thankful Hale of Washington, an outside Sister of our Order, visited us a few weeks ago, and gave us a course of lessons on 'Mental Therapeutics,' containing much valuable information on the Science of Life, the relations of matter and spirit, body and soul, and the power of mind over physical infirmity. The monotony of Shaker life, is only in the minds of those who have never lived it, or perhaps with some who do every thing in a half-hearted way. Every one who realizes the great importance of the work we are engaged in, and the grandeur of the principles which build up and sustain our Communistic homes, feels inspired day by day to go forth with cheerfulness of heart, consecrating all to loving altruistic service, satisfied with the reward of a justified conscience; and feeling blest in lifting the standard of righteousness and truth, high above the plane of selfishness and injustice, where the Grod of this world rules and reigns. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.