TRIBUTE to the Memory of our brother, JAMES S. KAIME. By Asenath C. Stickney. Peacefully, grandly sinks the beautiful Autumnal sun at evening below the western horizon until lost to view. As grandly, as peacefully has passed beyond our finite vision the honored presence of our worthy Brother, James S. Kaime. Now, his freed spirit resting in the embraces of Infinite Love can but rejoice in full satisfaction. And, what though we mourn shall he not rejoice? By our loss shall he not win? 'Good Elder James,' is the universal verdict of those who have known him in the past, through his many consecrations, a true disciple of the meek and lowly Savior. One who in early manhood gave all that he possessed, to follow the Christ as manifested in his first and second appearing on earth. Although for a series of years he was chosen to occupy a spiritual trust, and to this was added the office of Treasurer of the Community yet, with this two-fold responsibility, he never seemed to lose sight of the dominant purpose of the Christian; the salvation of his own soul. No voice to him was so potent in meaning or dictation as the 'still small voice of Conscience,' whose behests he dared not disobey. Hence, no human praise, no adulation, no emoluments of office, had power to raise him in his own estimation above his fellow laborers in the cause of truth. He was ever the same spirituallyminded father and brother. Childhood and youth in simple, confiding trust, were alike attracted to the good man as to a devoted father. The sin sick, the wayward, found in his sympathetic soul and prayerful ministries, the relief, the forgiveness for which they sought. The dear 'Departed' was a man of fervent prayer, consequently, his earnest intercessions, were often signally answered. Like him, may the Church continue in prayer, until able to perpetuate in its every member a life as genuine, as honest before God, as stands the subject of our sketch to-day. Let us all so live, that we may yet rejoice with him among the ransomed. Canterbury, N. H.