Watervliet, N. Y. Second. Family. The January No. of The Manifesto we pronounce very good as do we all the past issues. We extend to all interested, our kind thanks for their labors, knowing it takes time, talent and consecrated effort to sustiin our periodical. Our young people were ranch interested in the history of South Union and are anxiously watching for the Feb. Manifesto. We speak of this more particularly, as 44 THE MANIFESTO. they were unconscious of the fact that Elder Issachar Bates and Benj. S. Youngs were sent from Watervliet. The article brought to our minds much that we have heard our older Brethren and Sisters tell of the hardships these pioneers passed through, and the noble sacrifices they made, leaving comfortable homes, friends and relatives; all that was nearest and dearest to .the human heart, and bravely wtnt forth on their mission of love, to preach the gospel of Christ, publish the testimony of Mother Ann Lee and establish Societies in the west. We have in our possession a letter wrtiten by Elder Issachar Bates to his son Issachar Bates Jr. in 1806. This letter is short, but full of exhortations to him to cleave to the way of God. Issachar Bates Jr. was reared in this family and moved to the South family where he was for many years an Elder. After he was released from this office of trust at the South family, he returned to the home of his childhood and youth, where a few years afterward he died, a devoted, consecrated soul to the end of life, beloved by all. We had a very satisfactory meeting at the North family on Christmas; the spirit of Christ and the testimony of Mother Ann pervaded throughout the assembly. While we read of the hardships and privations the pioneers had to endure to establish the Gospel in this land, let us who are young, not peruse it as a romance, but let it awaken us to more soul energy, more conviction which will bring us nearer to the saints who have gone before and laid the foundation for the spiritual and temporal blessings we enjoy. They labored unselfishly, 'let us do the same for others; help the glorious cause along.' We have commenced to harvest the ice, which is from ten to twelve inches thick. Weather has been very changeable: no sleighing at present time. Isaac Anstatt.