CHRISTMAS-DAY At the North Family, Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. OVER our home among the quiet hills of Lebanon, Christmas-day dawned beautifully. Between the cumulus clouds that rolled leisurely toward the south-east, the morning stars glittered with more than common brightness ; the wintry winds were still; the frost fairies absent, and the ground was bare and brown. The sun rose above the Taghanic ridge with glory that was a happy surprise to all, and the hours that succeeded until the eventide, were pleasant and warm as those of an April day. In the early hour before the clock struck five, while the family were yet asleep, seven young Sisters passed through the halls and sang a very pretty Christmas song, timed to the merry chimes of silvery bells ; this was kindly appreciated and heartily responded to by every one. To make the time more pleasant, more abundant in love, in heavenly union and communion, all of the Canaan family were invited to spend the day with us. They arrived in time to attend the meeting that opened at 9 o'clock, a. m. This was a season of worship, of prayer and praise, a time of blessing and of being blest; good gifts were bestowed upon one another and spiritual treasures received from the world above. A few minutes before the noon hour, the two families sat down to a nicely prepared table and partook of fruits, golden, green and purple that grew in the clear air and warm sunshine of the tropics. In remembrance of the many who have no bread, who suffer for the comforts of life, our supplies were limited, though at the same time sufficient for all, nor was the tiniest life destroyed to cast a shadow in our midst. THE MANIFESTO. 33 At 1, p. m., seventeen of the younger members of the family, known as the 'Self-Improvement Society,' gave an Entertainment. The large meeting-rooai had been previously arranged and the whole Order were seated in circles, one within the other, the smallest children occupying the innermost and the S. I. S. the second from the centre. Winter blooming plants and evergreen twigs were tastefully grouped together with which the room was decorated in a very pleasing manner. The 'Self-Improvement Society' were dressed in uniform and all wore badges. The Entertainment opened by singing a hymn entitled 'Songs of Cheer,' composed by A. R. Stephens, at the close of which, Catharine Allen, president of the Society, spoke a few words of welcome to all who were in attendance. An address prepared for the occasion was then read by C. C. Vinneo; following, a beautiful and original poem was read by Lydia Staples, subject, 'Confirmation.' The 'Debating Circle' composed of seven boys and girls next came forward and gave an interesting and amusing rehearsal into which singing wras introduced and the waving of pretty banners that bore the inscription of such words as, 'Watch, Hope and Pray ;' taught and guided by A. R. Stephens. At the conclusion of this, a numerous recitation called 'A Confession,' was given by Grace H. Bowers; then an essay upon the subject of 'Health' read by Martha A. Burger; Song, 'Let us lift up our hearts,' composed by L. S. Bowers. An essay by Louisa Bell, 'Christ's Yoke ;' and another by Sarah J. Burger, 'Mental Therapeutics ;' Succeeding these a song called, 'The Summer Day' was sung with organ accompaniment by six of the younger members of the S. I. S. after which the same group engaged in a long and interesting dialogue upon various subjects, varied with instrumental music, and at the close sung a song called the 'Snow Storm' with organ accompaniment ;f the whole was composed and managed by L. S. Bowers. The Chairman next called for the reading of poems by A. R. Stephens, 'Day-Dawn Prophecy;' Margaret Gibson, 'Christmas-Day;' and Cecelia De Vere, 'The Pilgrims and the Mile-Stone.' This finished the programme, whereupon the President made a few closing remarks in which a brief synopsis was given of the mental labor performed during the past year by the S. I. S. Among other things, she stated, that in the line of orignal writings, seventeen poems, sixty-seven essays and four hundred and fifty-two short paragraphs had been presented in their weekly meetings, beside eleven Biographical Sketches and a great variety of choice extracts. The Entertainment was closed by singing a hymn entitled 'Orisons' with organ accompaniment, composed by A. R. Stephens. At the conclusion, the Elders expressed hearty approval of all the exercises in kindly words of commendation and blessing, and all the Brethren and Sisters joined in words of thanks and praise for the good and substantial matter, wholly original, that had been presented, and the excellent manner in which every part had been rendered. It was by this time 3-30 p. m., and we all parted, feeling grateful to God who alone is the source of all our spiritual joys, who giveth every good thing and maketh us to understand his holy truth, and calleth upon all to work the work of peace and love on earth. L. S. B. Sec. S. I. S. [Self-Improvement Society]