For the poor shall never cease... 'For the poor shall never cease out of the land.' In all probability so soon as two men found themselves in this world the strife began to see which should possess the most property. Soon one became rich and the other became poor, and it might have been said even at that date, 'The poor shall never cease out of the land,' and certainly the prospect at the present time is not very flattering. After Cain had secured the property of his brother Abel, he no doubt, made the journey to the land of Nod in grand style and found there the rich and poor, the same as wre should find them to-day in every city and village. That expression, concerning the poor, in its fullness will last so long as the race of man exists. Moses and Jesus were typical men and were specially sympathetic toward the poor. Both of them took occasion to say many comforting things to the poor and to those burdened with the sorrows of this life. Neither did Jesus hesitate to speak as kindly to those who had an abundance of this world's goods. He attended the wedding of a wealthy personage in Cana, and added liberally to their interest in the pleasures of the occasion. He accepted an invitation to dine with the rich Zaccheus and subsequently through kindness to heal the son of the wealthy Centurion. His mission, however, was essentially spiritual and whether among the rich or the poor his testimony was for God and his kingdom. For the unclean poor he manifested no more sympathy than for the unclean wealthy. His interest was with the poor in spirit. 'Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness.' Whether rich or poor 66 THE MANIFESTO. he was anxious for them to 'seek first the kingdom of God and its righteousness.' Eating and drinking was a secondary matter as we learn from his own words, 'Take no thought, what ye shall eat or what ye shall drink.' He would eat that he might live. 'Whether ye eat or drink or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God.' Make this a matter of conscience instead of forcing conscience to eat and drink as urged by an undisciplined and unchristian appetite. How much we have yet to learn in this simple, daily duty and how much it has to do with our whole course of life. We are learning new lessons, lessons in eating and drinking as well as lessons in grammar and geography. We are learning that the soul and body of man are very closely conjoined and what influences the one, will more or less influence the other. We are learning that a system of righteousness must develop in the soul as we walk among men. It must create in us a new heart and awaken an inspiration that will give life to the whole household of faith. Then the rich and the poor will bear toward each other a friendly relation and the peaceable fruits of righteousness will govern the minds of all.