FARMING. By Charles Preston. The subject I have chosen to write upon is farming, not because it is a favorite employment of mine by any means for really to tell you the truth, any one of the so-called 'trades' would have suited me much better; but through some means, or other, which I do not care to mention, I was brought up upon a farm of about four hundred acres, where I have spent a goodly number of my days as a farmer, and have learned many useful things. I propose to give you a sketch of the year's work on a farm situated on a side hill, and remarkable for the quantity not quality of stones thereon. In the spring, sowing and planting must be done; There are oats, wheat, corn, pctatoes, peas, beans, cabbages, beets and several other things, all of which ought to be planted on the same day, and if it is not enough to make any one's head whirl, to think where to start, then I will give up. After sowing and planting comes that delightful job of weeding, getting down on your knees and scratching the dirt over with a bent knife. Then the cultivating must be done, and what delightful work it is. Occasionally one gets a rap in the ribs, by the handles of the cultivator. I have had a little experience of this sort myself. Once when cultivating potatoes, the cultivator struck against a fine specimen of concreted, earthy mineral matter, which geologists are so much interested THE MANIFESTO. 73 in; it is not I'that would go hunting for them, I have seen enough of them already. It threw the cultivator out of the ground, the handles striking me with great force, laid me in a very humiliating position. I at once resolved not to be baffled by so small an offense, and arose, feeling myself master of the situation, and felt around in my mouth to see if there was any room for false teeth. I soon discovered that two of my teeth were loosened, and my lips growing so large that I could hardly speak. This is but a small affair and the work must go on, there is no time to lose on a farm, especially in the spring, nor for that matter in any season. One scarcely gets ready for it, before haying and harvesting time is right at hand,and then we hear nothing but the song of the mowers and reapers; and O what a busy time this is! At this season we often have the pleasure of working till eight and nine o'clock at night, getting in hay and grain. By this time we feel like bidding a hasty farewell to the day, to go in search of dream-land, which we are pretty sure of finding. No wonder so many boys and men get tired of farming. I should think it was enough to discourage a cast-iron man. When expecting a good crop of oats, say about forty-five bushels to the acre or thirty bushels of wheat to the acre, he finds it about two-thirds Canada thistles, all to be reaped and bound by hand. This however is not the case with us at the present time, as we have a good reaper and binder, but many farmers have not the means to get one, while there are others who have the money to do with, but are too stingy. They would rather stick to the old-fashioned way, than to spend their money for new-fangled things. Their backs try hard to have them understand that they will not endure this kind of usage very long, but the warning is not heeded. Their hands are full of thistles and they: must feel the pricks. But then this gives them something to do on Sunday. Picking thistles out of the hands is not breaking the Sabbath, you know. Then the ensilage must be taken care of, and the thrashing done. This is the worst of all, but it is a short job lasting only about a week, and then we forget all about it. Our next delightful business is to draw manure and plough about fifty acres of land. When November winds are blowing, we begin to think there must be some chopping done, and I tell you what, it makes me scratch my head, when I think of chopping about eighty cords of wood on a bleak mountain, where there are no roads fit for a team to travel on, and all this wood to be brought home. It is a long, hard task, I might as well say. Just think how any one of you would like to start off in the morning for the woods, with dinner pail and ax, the mercury about 10 deg. below zero and a good, brisk north wind blowing, and every step of the way up a steep hill, and a glare of ice; Let me ask you, would you call this a real pleasure trip? By the time one is ready to eat his dinner his appetite is about as keen as the north wind. If one could only dress like an Esquimau, I think it would be a good thing for this kind of business in this climate. Drawing home the logs is not so very disagreeable, providing you have a lively team of horses, that can keep step to the music of a goodly number of sleigh-bells, as they jingle in the frosty air. If there were no horses, farming would be intolerable; but with an active team and a cheerful heart, this kind of work goes on much better. If freed from hirelings, we may find real enjoyment in working for our Brethren and Sisters, even on a stony farm; risking frosts early and late, too much rain, or not enough, heavy winds, hailstorms, etc., etc. Canaan, N. Y.