NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. January. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1893. 17.5 2 in. 16^in. 1894. 25.52 % ' 27 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 50. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 2. below ' Number of rainy days ' ' 3. ' ' snowy ' ' ' 7. ' ' clear ' ' ' 14. ' ' cloudy' ' ' 7. C. G. Reed. North Family. Feb. 1894. Numerous, and of great variety are the papers and magazines we receive. Amongst them all we turn with most attraction and love to the contributions of our gospel kindred in our dear Manifesto bringing, as they do, messages of peace and love, always welcome and comforting. We are pleased to read in many reform papers, of the noble men and women who are ministering to the relief of suffering and want, and of others who are working to remove the causes. We wei'e moved to collect, as we did last year, what we could spare of clothing and bedding with some edibles, to send to New York for distribution to the needy, through the organization of the Salvation Army, thus was accompanied by a contribution from the Ministry, and also one from the Canaan family. We feel blessed in this offering and think tl^at what is sent to this center is judiciously distributed. Eldress Anna felt the impression of the spirit of generosity and kindliness moving in the hearts of all at this time, and was sure if the K. R. Companies were appealed to they would carry the goods to the city free. Some of us not so intuitive were a little doubtful, but she determined to put a test, with the result of a generous permit, for which we thank the Lebanon Springs and Harlem R. R. Companies. What a comment it is upon our boasted civilization that contributions of charity are habitually in request to keep ablebodied men and women with their children from starving for lack of opportunity to earn a livelihood in this boastedly free and certainly bountiful and resourceful country. At an assembly of poor starving people in New York, brought together to receive doles of bread and groceries, the poor children were drilled to salute the National flag which hung in the room, and required to sing, 'I am so glad that I live in a land, With peace and liberty on every hand. Wonderful things in the world I can see, This is the grandest, our Country is free.' Free! what a travesty of freedom! Here are a company of slaves, beggars, serfs, robbed of their birthright, and drilled to sing of peace and liberty and freedom, on being handed a mess of pottage. After a similar assembly in Chicago brought together by the great heart of THE MANIFESTO. 69 John Crawford, the poet scout, this noble soul was moved when he reached home to pen the following verses, If I could clothe each jeweled thought That comes to me from Nature's bowers In classic language, such as taught Away from western woods and flowers, If I could sing the sweet refrains That in my soul in silence cluster, From many a heart I'd strike the chains, And give the star of hope new lustre. If I could scatter all the gems That light my soul, in darkest places, Could pluck the hope-buds from their stems, A nd wreathe them o'er despondent faces, If I had but trie power to stay The blighting hand of pain and sorrow, The human flowers that wilt to-day Would raise their heads and bloom to-morrow. If from the Master hand above To me the longed-for power was given To change all bitterness to love, Of every earthly hell make heaven, The lowering clouds would quickly flee Before the light which followed after, And every wave of Life's broad sea Would gleam with love and song and laughter. This power is in the hands of the people if they only knew it and were wise enough to use it. In all this gloom and apparent despair ours is a gospel of hope, and we are thankful notwithstanding all the misery and wrong, that we are living in this age of activity in moral reforms, and to witness the gathering of the forces that will yet overthrow the foundations of the old earth and establish the new. We have followed the good example of other of our friends and put water within the reach of our cows as they stand in their stalls; this is a great accomodation and we think will be profitable. Three years ago we erected a slide for ice from our pond to the icehouse. We were not able to check the descent of the ice so that we could make use of it until this year, when the inventive genius of our Brother Charles Greaves, devised a plan for lowering that has worked fairly well this season, and with a little perfecting, will make the slide a great saving of . labor in getting the ice. We are having a spell of seasonable winter weather with good sleighing which the young folks and some of the older ones are taking advantage of sleigh riding. General health of family good. Walter S. Shepherd. West Pittsfield. Feb. 1894. The February Manifesto, with its mine of true riches, seemed to us almost incomparably excellent. Every sentence it contained was read with deep satisfaction, and re-read with increased interest. Were particularly pleased to hear from the Sainted Father in Israel, Elder John Whiteley, whose benedictions like the refreshing dews of heaven are distilled upon all, and whose invocations will not fail to reach the Omnipotent Father, who gives heed to the prayers of the righteous. Home Notes are always edifying. Central Ministry passed Sunday, on the 28th ult. in our Society. The sanctity of the day was greatly enhanced by their presence, and the spiritual power, love and strength they were able to administer, gave evidence that they walked with God. At present date there is good sleighing in Pittsfield city, but in the hill towns of this section, the highways are more or less blocked with snow. There has been nearly two hundred tons of ice harvested in the Society, preparatory to the coming warm season, which will soon be with us. It is presumed that a new cold-storage and ice house in connection, will be erected here in the Church family, in the course of the season, with nriny, if not all the modern improvements. The sound of the whistle was again heard at our Ore mine near Christmas day after a silence of nearly seven months duration. Owing to the condition of our country, and the stagnation in business, they are now mining only about three tons per day, and should the Wilson bill become a law with iron ore on the free list, Br. Ira thinks it doubtful if the parties having the lease, will be able to get men to work for wages low enough to 70 THE MANIFESTO. compete with foreign ore. However this j mine has some advantages over many others, being connected by rail to one of the main lines of railroad in New England, and is rich in a good quality of ore; consequently there is hope that it may pay for working. Julia L. Sweet. Watervliet, N. Y. North Family. Feb. 1894. It gives us unalloyed pleasure to see the hearty support given to sustaining The Manifesto. Its excellent appearance does credit to the Editor, also to the worthy printers. We were lately blest with a special privilege while in our Society service to hear the wise counsel from one of the Elders, urging the importance of laboring for a spirit of charity and forgiveness. To enter the New Year with the resolution to leave old things and press onward and upward into an ever increasing spiritual growth. We enjoy the ministration of, and our communion with our beloved Ministry, also the gospel relationship of Brothers and Sisters is more fully understood and deeply appreciated than of yore. May we walk with an humble and pure heart that the divine Spirit may abide with us. Winter, while we have had some stormy days, has not been as cold, nor has as much snow fallen as during the previous winter. At present it is very unevenly distributed. Large drifts in some places and in others the earth may be seen. We conclude there is much good sense in the remark of our colored friend that he 'ought to be thankful for any kind of weather.' We are striving to keep our lamps trimmed and burning that our light may shine that all men may see it. By a spirit of consecration and strict loyalty we shall aid the cause of Eight. Hamilton DeGraw. Shaker Station, Conn. Feb. 1894. 'Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap,' that, and not something else. Let us sow only pure seed in our hearts that we may reap nothing but golden grain. 'Blessed are the pure in heart.' Purity is very essential in forming a true Christian character. Let us be pure and our reward will follow us. The heavenly joy gained by living in purity fully compensates for all crosses, trials and afflictions. Where purity is, a peaceful spirit dwells. ******* To obtain a good supply of eggs in winter, we must have young hens. Pullets hatched in April or May will prove most satisfactory. The hens must be well cared for, have a comfortably warm house, be kept clean and well arranged. Provide a bountiful supply of fresh water, accessible at all times. Variety and plenty of food is absolutely necessary. Feed regularly what the hens will eat without wasting. Ground meat, bone, boiled potatoes with wheat bran make the best morning meal. Whole grain should be the feed after the morning ration. Having adopted a system of feeding pursue it steadily or when changing do so gradually. Strive to have the best hens; there is the most profit in them. Daniel Orcutt. East Canterbury, N. H. Weather Record for January, 1894. Highest Temp, during the month, 47 ' ' 10 ' ' 20.5 ' ' 16.5 ' 2.58 in any 24 consecutive .61 N. A. Lowest ' Mean ' ' Snowfall in inches ' Total Precipitation Greatest ' hours, Feb. 1894. An old-fashioned New England winter, with its bracing and health-giving properties is one of the many blessings which we THE MANIFESTO. 71 have thoroughly enjoyed thus far. Such prolonged absence of general illness during the winter months has hardly been realized in this vicinity since the advent of 'La Grippe.' Death, the angel Reaper has indeed visited us, but with one exception, (that of our precious Sister, Helen Taber,) his selections were persons advanced in age, and perchance ripe for his sickle as well as ready for the transition to the 'Better Land.' While holding them in loving remembrance we are under still greater obligations to perform our duty to the living. With us, the problem of how to make the best use of time is an important one. We often find ourselves subject to the fluctuations of the present social and political elements, hence realize to some extent the straitened circumstances of the world's workers. Yet honest industry brings its reward, and agreeably to the counsel of Mother Ann with 'hands to work and heart to God' we hope to earn our daily bread. Our active farmers have already started the early potatoes within doors. Work is also being carried forward at the saw-mill, it having heretofore been delayed on account of scarcity of water. The continuous snows of the season have proved a great blessing in water supplies. For all the uncounted benelits we receive we daily thank our Heavenly Father, and in his blessing will continue to work and pray. Elsie York. Enfield, N. H. Feb. 1894. Mild weather still holds on, fair and cloudless for weeks at a time; as though it was tempered by Providence to alleviate the sufferings of the homeless and needy. Sleighing continues fine, with no huge drifts to flounder through, when meeting loaded teams, but plenty of room to pass a slow going horse as in summer time. Elder Isaac Anstatt paid us a short visit on the 20th ult. We enjoyed his hearty laugh as well as his sound common sense, and have invited him to come again, trusting tli^it next time he will tarry with us longer. Our cord wood pile grows longer and wider every day. Good thick ice and a straight smooth road across the lake, saves the teams many a mile of hard travel. Most of our Brethren are at work on the Eclipse Cornplanters. We finish them at the rate of ten machines a day. We hope to have them all completed by the time the maples are ready for the sugar harvest. Small orders for sweaters come in now and then; also an occasional order of custom shirts. While not all we could wish, still, 'small favors are thankfully received.' Our Second family Brethren and Sisters have now all become members of the Church and North families, and the buildings are vacant for the first time in a century. We have moved over one hundred and twenty-five loads of household articles and there are many more to follow. Elder William Wilson has gone to New York to endeavor to effect a sale of their large farm. We are all enjoying average health, with the exception of a few cases of the ever present New England cold. G. H. Kirkley. North Family. Feb. 1894. In one of our recent meetings we listened to an excellent discourse of the character language of the Believer. It was stated that its worth in soul growth could not be fully known until the effects appeared. Who can question the efficacy of refined language as being other than an impetus to kouI goodness, and should we not use the best to illustrate the glory of life? Minds like temperaments vary, science, doctrine and philosophy have their students and admirers, and lovely nature gives a hearty amen to all. We should not simply be theological pens containing only religious ideas, but like nature's ex- 72 THE MANIFESTO. pansive fields, contain those elements that enrich, enlarge and ennoble every organic part of our being. Nature re-echoes her notes of approval that as a variety of flowers adds cheerfulness to life, so variety of gifts adds usefulness. We can not disconnect one essential moral, social or temporal block from our structure, but we can add thereunto. Therefore, as good language is the filter of refinement, so is broad mindedness the open door to greater works of righteousness. We are pleased to record a visit from Elder Isaac Anstatt. His presence was an inspiration of cheerfulness and his encouraging counsels to the young were impressive, being created by a union of love and sympathy, qualities which give tone and vivacity to life. In enumerating life's blessings, we deem it worthy of note, that we are so situated that throughout the entire year we can meet for soul devotion with the Church family. Long would pen linger upon the theme of 'Home, sweet home,' as thoughts of the wretchedness abroad, which is being lessened by noble men and women, come to us, but space is too precious for mental story or written comparison. We are enjoying good health, have a large yard of wood nicely stored for another cold season, and a good crop of ice sixteen inches thick, for the summer. As the command of God's Church is to 'study the creation of souls' and win them to Christ, may we be '.doers of the word and not hearers only.' George H. Baxter.