OBSERVATION. By Louis Basting. /~\ BSERVING people have long been puzzled to discover the cause of lightV-xning striking some trees in preference to others. A German professor who has investigated the matter for several years has recently published the interesting result of his labors in Ueber Land und Meer (Over Land and Sea.) He started from the natural assumption that the trees which furnished the best conductor ought to be the ones most frequently struck. He therefore subjected the different kinds of wood to chemical, electrical and microscopic investigation, which soon established the fact that electricity had no decided preference for either hard or soft woods. Knowing that water is one of the best conductors, he ascertained the amount of moisture contained in growing timber, finding 51 per cent in poplar, 39 in oak, 26 in willow, &amp;c, but the electric test proved that the willow with only half the quantity of moisture was no more exempt than the poplar. Further analysis determined the 58 THE MANIFESTO. amount of oil contained in beeches, walnut trees and evergreens: while pursuing this line of research he observed the electric spark to jump over the green beechwood to reach a piece of dry, dead wood beyond. Following this clew he established the fact that lightning has but little affinity for oilcontaining forest trees, and this conclusion is fully verified by statistics. In the principality of Detmold, forestry has beeu reduced to a practical science. Its very extensive titnbar lands have been under the constant care of numerous officials, and an exact record of everything relating to them has been kept. About 70 per cent of these woods consist of beeches, 11 per cent of oaks and the remainder of different kinds. Statistics kept since 1874 prove the great exemption beeches enjoy from the visitation of lightning. Of course the number of such contacts will vary according to the frequency of thunder-storms in the season ; thus in 1879, fifteen oaks were struck to one beech, while in 1885 the former were struck eighty-four times to one of the latter. The Professor decided that the walnut tree is the least liable to be touched by the electric fluid because of the large amount of oil it contains. The aboriginal Indians knew that oaks were the worst trees to be under in a thunder-shower, and beech or walnut trees the best. But they were ignorant of the cause of the fact, nor could they have ever discovered it as long as they remained what they were. Aside from and in connection with true religion and morality it is art and science, literature and mechanical inventions, that are the glory of our time ; but they all are the product of long continued labor, research, experiment, and deep and orderly thinking. No knowledge worth having has ever come intuitional. Newton saw an apple fall to the ground ; millions had seen the same thing happen before and were none the wiser; but with his whole mind bent upon discovering the cause which keeps the movements of the worlds in order, this simple fact started a train of thought which was finally formulated in the law of gravitation. It was not a sudden knowledge come to him from without, but the slow and laborious secretion of years. We have heard of a man who claims he obtained the knowledge of the Hebrew language by illumination or inspiration. We don't believe it. Knowledge doesn't come in that way. The facts are all against it. The 'gift of tongues' in the primitive church was the temporary exercise of mental and spiritual faculties, the power passing away with the occasion which produced it. West Pittsjield, Mass.