NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. January. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1893. 17.5 2 in. 16^in. 1894. 25.52 % ' 27 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 50. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 2. below ' Number of rainy days ' ' 3. ' ' snowy ' ' ' 7. ' ' clear ' ' ' 14. ' ' cloudy' ' ' 7. C. G. Reed. North Family. Feb. 1894. Numerous, and of great variety are the papers and magazines we receive. Amongst them all we turn with most attraction and love to the contributions of our gospel kindred in our dear Manifesto bringing, as they do, messages of peace and love, always welcome and comforting. We are pleased to read in many reform papers, of the noble men and women who are ministering to the relief of suffering and want, and of others who are working to remove the causes. We wei'e moved to collect, as we did last year, what we could spare of clothing and bedding with some edibles, to send to New York for distribution to the needy, through the organization of the Salvation Army, thus was accompanied by a contribution from the Ministry, and also one from the Canaan family. We feel blessed in this offering and think tl^at what is sent to this center is judiciously distributed. Eldress Anna felt the impression of the spirit of generosity and kindliness moving in the hearts of all at this time, and was sure if the K. R. Companies were appealed to they would carry the goods to the city free. Some of us not so intuitive were a little doubtful, but she determined to put a test, with the result of a generous permit, for which we thank the Lebanon Springs and Harlem R. R. Companies. What a comment it is upon our boasted civilization that contributions of charity are habitually in request to keep ablebodied men and women with their children from starving for lack of opportunity to earn a livelihood in this boastedly free and certainly bountiful and resourceful country. At an assembly of poor starving people in New York, brought together to receive doles of bread and groceries, the poor children were drilled to salute the National flag which hung in the room, and required to sing, 'I am so glad that I live in a land, With peace and liberty on every hand. Wonderful things in the world I can see, This is the grandest, our Country is free.' Free! what a travesty of freedom! Here are a company of slaves, beggars, serfs, robbed of their birthright, and drilled to sing of peace and liberty and freedom, on being handed a mess of pottage. After a similar assembly in Chicago brought together by the great heart of THE MANIFESTO. 69 John Crawford, the poet scout, this noble soul was moved when he reached home to pen the following verses, If I could clothe each jeweled thought That comes to me from Nature's bowers In classic language, such as taught Away from western woods and flowers, If I could sing the sweet refrains That in my soul in silence cluster, From many a heart I'd strike the chains, And give the star of hope new lustre. If I could scatter all the gems That light my soul, in darkest places, Could pluck the hope-buds from their stems, A nd wreathe them o'er despondent faces, If I had but trie power to stay The blighting hand of pain and sorrow, The human flowers that wilt to-day Would raise their heads and bloom to-morrow. If from the Master hand above To me the longed-for power was given To change all bitterness to love, Of every earthly hell make heaven, The lowering clouds would quickly flee Before the light which followed after, And every wave of Life's broad sea Would gleam with love and song and laughter. This power is in the hands of the people if they only knew it and were wise enough to use it. In all this gloom and apparent despair ours is a gospel of hope, and we are thankful notwithstanding all the misery and wrong, that we are living in this age of activity in moral reforms, and to witness the gathering of the forces that will yet overthrow the foundations of the old earth and establish the new. We have followed the good example of other of our friends and put water within the reach of our cows as they stand in their stalls; this is a great accomodation and we think will be profitable. Three years ago we erected a slide for ice from our pond to the icehouse. We were not able to check the descent of the ice so that we could make use of it until this year, when the inventive genius of our Brother Charles Greaves, devised a plan for lowering that has worked fairly well this season, and with a little perfecting, will make the slide a great saving of . labor in getting the ice. We are having a spell of seasonable winter weather with good sleighing which the young folks and some of the older ones are taking advantage of sleigh riding. General health of family good. Walter S. Shepherd. West Pittsfield. Feb. 1894. The February Manifesto, with its mine of true riches, seemed to us almost incomparably excellent. Every sentence it contained was read with deep satisfaction, and re-read with increased interest. Were particularly pleased to hear from the Sainted Father in Israel, Elder John Whiteley, whose benedictions like the refreshing dews of heaven are distilled upon all, and whose invocations will not fail to reach the Omnipotent Father, who gives heed to the prayers of the righteous. Home Notes are always edifying. Central Ministry passed Sunday, on the 28th ult. in our Society. The sanctity of the day was greatly enhanced by their presence, and the spiritual power, love and strength they were able to administer, gave evidence that they walked with God. At present date there is good sleighing in Pittsfield city, but in the hill towns of this section, the highways are more or less blocked with snow. There has been nearly two hundred tons of ice harvested in the Society, preparatory to the coming warm season, which will soon be with us. It is presumed that a new cold-storage and ice house in connection, will be erected here in the Church family, in the course of the season, with nriny, if not all the modern improvements. The sound of the whistle was again heard at our Ore mine near Christmas day after a silence of nearly seven months duration. Owing to the condition of our country, and the stagnation in business, they are now mining only about three tons per day, and should the Wilson bill become a law with iron ore on the free list, Br. Ira thinks it doubtful if the parties having the lease, will be able to get men to work for wages low enough to 70 THE MANIFESTO. compete with foreign ore. However this j mine has some advantages over many others, being connected by rail to one of the main lines of railroad in New England, and is rich in a good quality of ore; consequently there is hope that it may pay for working. Julia L. Sweet.