Shaker Station, Conn. Mar. 1894. We are counseled to make our calling and election sure. Not only to be called but to be Christians. The labor is great and unceasing, but the reward is also great. The requirements for the work are to bring forth the fruit of the Spirit, which is peace, purity, meekness, love, and other virtues. Those who are true cross-bearers have the assurance that 'neither things present nor things to come shall separate them from the love of God.' We should let the sunshine of peace, virtue, and earnest endeavor brighten all our days. Our spiritual atmosphere must be very cold when we can not find sunshine anywhere. It is well to pray but better still to watch. That is our work. Are we in our' duty? Let us do our best. The Manifesto is pure reading. Let every one who reads this number do something to broaden its field of usefulness. 'The first newspaper printed in England was in 1622. The first newspaper printed in the United States was the Boston News Letter, issued in 1704. The smallest newspaper in the world is said to be 'The Little Standard,' published at Torquay, England. It is but three inches square.' 'The greatest wall in the world is the Chinese wall; 1,250 miles long, 25 ft. thick at the base, and 20 ft. high.' ******* We should breed the best fowls to the best and the flock will be improved. A larger profit is made from hens in summer than in winter. Where a free range is open to the hens, upon which insects, grass, seeds, young weeds, and an abundance of gritty material may be easily found in summer, there should be but very small cost. Daniel Orcutt. South Family. Mar. 1894. Makch has opened quite warm and spring-like but the old adage will probably prove true and the lamb will change to a lion before long, but we can enjoy the warm sunshiny days so long as they last. Now the tree pruner, apple and peach, puts in his best endeavors. It is the proper thing in this day to spray fruit trees to destroy blight and noxious insects. In a few years it will be as common to spray fruit trees as it is now to eat the fruit. We could send some recipes, for spraying fruit trees if acceptable, but we will report the result of spraying in the fall if considered desirable. Our wood is all housed ready for use. We have been dealing off old, worthless apple trees and think by taking better care of the thrifty orchards we can have more and better fruit from a smaller area than before on a larger and neglected area. Our orcharding will be plowed and fertilized with ground bone and muriate of potash. It is considered advisable to avoid nitrogenous fertilizers on most fruit orchards, especially a peach orchard, unless you want wood and no fruit, and keep the shoots cut back. These last two items are considered the secret of peach raising. Our dairy has done fairly well this winter, and we are encouraged to renew our efforts. The modern dairy Shibboleth is 'Babcock and Scales;' let him that readeth understand, no explanation is needed surely in nearly the 20th century. Many are looking for great social and political changes in the 20th century; may it prove 93 94 THE MANIFESTO. to be a time of great advancement in the spiritual unfoldings of our race. There never was a time when more destructive war engines were being invented. Dynamite is a pretty plaything for anarchists, I saw lately that it is intended in case of war to send a ship, loaded with dynamite, into an enemy's squadron and explode it in the midst, thus annihilating a whole fleet at one time; a seaport city can be destroyed in the same manner. Surely war will soon become so horrible that civilized men will shrink from it. We see indications of a desire to settle disputes by arbitration among powerful nations. We may well bless every good thought. We have to chronicle among other home improvements a cold storage room, one of the greatest comforts imaginable. We would like to mention our appreciation of Brother E. P. Sevester's pieces in the Manifesto. T. J. Stroud.