AGRICULTURE. By Paul Van Wagner. Of all the occupations that man has followed since he dwelt in the fair garden of Eden, there is none so interesting, so important and so indispensable to his necessities as agriculture. Some may think this a strong assertion, but nevertheless it is true. Let us for one moment consider its intrinsic worth, the progress that has been made regarding it, and the terrible consequences that would ensue if there were no more farmers. What could the miner, the mechanic, the manufacturer, the lawyer, doctor, and a host of other professional men do, if somebody did not provide them with something to live on. Every body must eat in order to live, and food is only ob- THE MANIFESTO. 99 tained by tilling the land, that is, in civilized society, so that every body no matter what position they may occupy, or what high sounding titles they may bear, M. D., M. A., F. R. S., may be attached to their names, still the farmer is king for all that. All in reality are subordinate to, and dependent upon his labor; without which all must starve. In man's primitive condition farming must have been his principle occupation, for he thought of little else than to procure something for his subsistence, and a hard time he had of it too; for the work was all done by hand. However, this developed a strong muscular system and so far was a little benefit to him; but as one generation has succeeded another, machines have been invented, and improvements made, till at the present time one man is able to perform the amount of work which once required several hands to do. A field of grain that usually required ten strong men to reap, may now be done by a mere boy, provided he knows how to drive a team, and has developed that invaluable qualification which, (I regret to say) is generally so rare among boys known as caution. The thrashing too was once done with a. flail, a very hard and tedious job. Now one man with a good machine, and steampower will thrash five hundred bushels in a day. In addition to these, there is the steam-plow, mower, hay-tedder, cultivator, horse-hoe, besides many more that might be mentioned, which have been brought forth within the last fifty years, so that farm work may be done much easier and better than it was half a century ago. If all the time, strength and expense that is now used in building immense war ships, constructing huge engines, and other death producing apparatus, were spent in devising ways and means to work out a more perfect system of agriculture, there would be no more barbarism, very much less misery and suffering and a great deal more morality and pure religion in the world. I believe this will be the case in the future. When man acknowledges woman as his equal and co-laborer, and not only gives her the opportunity, but aids and encourages her in cultivating and making use of her God-given faculties, then will wars and fightings cease, and through the triumph of peace the honest tiller of the soil will rise to the position he so justly deserves. He will no longer be looked down upon by his dependent dignitaries, but will be respected by them, and be well paid for his arduous and unremitting services. Then will many young men willingly become farmers who now through pride, often seek business for which they are entirely inadequate, popular sentiment driving them thereto. Then there will be no more hungry children heard wailing for a crust of bread. Some people complain of the incessant hard work to be done on a farm, of the great liability to loss by bad weather, but show me an industry, if you can, in which there are no losses, no liabilities, and no responsibilities, and in consideration of all this, I will raise both hands, and am ready to exclaim, all honor, glory and success to the patient, industrious, honest and indefatigable farmer! His business is first, and last, and of all trades the most important. Canaan, N. Y.