NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. February. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1893. 26.67 l^in. 57in. 1894. 23.30 i^' 25 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 51. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 16. below ' Number of rainy days ' ' 1. ' ' snowy ' ' ' 9. ' ' clear ' ' ' 9. ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 9. C. G. Reed. Mar. 1894. Although it has been but a few days since the mercury sank to lodegrees below zero, still we know that 'Spring is somewhere in the land For we hear the bluebirds sing,' and we wish, if we dare not hope, that our cold weather which has come to us in such 'huge lumps' during the past two months, has spent itself. Nevertheless we shall not mind if there is 'more to follow' as we dare not trust an early spring in these uncertain latitudes. We best like the close covering of winter; until it is ready to make its final bow. Since our last notes we have been somewhat afflicted with an epidemic, borne to us either by ill winds or defective drains. If by the former we must study to keep the blood so pure, that the seeds of disease may not germinate in the system. If by the latter we should remember, that 'God is the safety of his people, but we tempt Providence, if we do not use the necessary means for our preservation.' Still in every evil there is a good, and when affliction comes we learn the real worth of true friends, whose religion has banished all thought of self, and whose loving hearts speak of the angel within. Our loved Ministry left Lebanon, the 7th inst., for Watervliet, N. Y; and since the Bishopric of Enfield, Conn., and Hancock THE MANIFESTO. 91 Mass., is added to their care, we know that the snows will melt, and the blossoms fall, ere they return permanently to their central home. We miss their loving ministrations, but strengthened by the good received, we ask the blessings of heaven to supply the fountain from which so many draw. Our dear mother Eldress Ann is still permitted to be one of earth's angels, active and happy as ever; and we wonder as we cling to her with tender affection, if these filial cords have not an influence to hold her still with us. Brother Frederic Sizer, now released from his many years of burden, is another blessing we hold and prize. A good brother remarked this morning, 'I wonder if when I am eighty-seven, I shall be moving about as rapidly as brother Frederic.' We do not like to feel that our blessings are like birds of gay plumage, best seen when flying away. We intend to prize them while they are ours, and thus enhance their present and future value. Amelia J. Calver. Center Family. Mar. 1894. Writing for The Manifesto seems to be kept up with as much interest and zeal by our Brethren and Sisters of different Societies, as in former years. The weather for a few days past has been remarkably good for March. Our Brethren are very busy sawing, splitting and storing wood for future use. Our dairy is in a splendid condition. We have at this place some of the best Jersey and Guernsey cows in the village, a fact of which we are justly proud. Our dairy sister, Florinda Sears, also understands her part to perfection. Some of our Sisters are doing a little sale-work, trying to make a few 'mighty dollars.' Our school will soon close, we are sorry to say, as school is the means of keeping the children out of mischief as well as fitting them for the future battles of life. . . . . Esther Marion Scott. North. Family. Mar. 1894. We have had a spell of spring-like weather for a week past. Have taken full advantage of it trimming fruit trees and preparing for spring work. We are ready to plant some 137 pear and 24 plum trees, 150 currant and 750 raspberry sets when the land is ready to plow. They were secured last fall and buried in the earth. We bought them, thinking we were more likely to get what we wanted and of better stock than by ordering in the spring when nurserymen are usually pushed. Fruit raising is the most agreeable and profitable part of our business. We are aiming to develop and improve this branch. The future is with the fruit grower. More fruit and fewer animals. This is in the line of physical and moral evolution. It has been said that he who plants a tree is a benefactor to his race. We are under a deep debt of gratitude to those who have gone before us for the legacies of well stocked and fruitful orchards bequeathed to us. We are under obligations to do our part for those who will follow us. 'Seed time and harvest shall never fail.' Now is the time to plant and to sow. Conditions look gloomy, but prospects will brighten, and they who have prepared the ground and put in the good seed will reap the harvest. As in the physical, so in the spiritual, sow with a broad and liberal hand; never doubting. Be encouraged, beloved companions, the hearts of the people are stirred. Gospel testimonies were never listened to with more respect and appreciation than at the present time. The 'old heavens and the old earth are passing away.' Tiie people are anxiously listening for the heralds of the new. The article sent by us to the Congress of Keligions is included in the official report of the proceedings of that body just issued. Walter S. Shepherd.