THE SHAKERS' BELIEF. 'T'T'NITY Church was filled to the doors, last evening, it being the largest K_J audience of any during the course of denominational lectures held there under the auspices of th.1 Guild of the Good Shepherd, this being the seventh one. There were six sisters and three brothers from Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., who spoke on the 'Shaker Organization and its History.' The fu-st speaker was KL-.ler Daniel Offord, who said it gave him great pleasure to have the kind invitation of your pastor and to meet our friends in Pittsfield. When we look upon the Christian system it is the widest and most liberal in the world. It is like the beautiful sun rays or the showers of rain that descend upon the just and the unjust and upon the evil and the good. It is one of the principles laid down by our order that we should be what we seem to be, and seem to be what we are. And so we come to you just as we are, not as orators. We have lived the truth as we have received it. [He came to the Shakers when he was thirteen years old, and has been with them thirty-seven years, therefore, he ought to know something about them.], Our name came through derision, and we accepted it. Although we call ourselves disciples of the second coming of Christ, we do sometimes shake, therefore, we are Shakers. The Shakers were founded by a woman, Ann Lee, who was born in Manchester, England, in 1736. She was of poor parents, and could neither read nor write, but that was nothing uncommon in those days, as poor children did not have the opportunity of attending school as they do now and with compulsory school laws in many places. She became acquainted with the Quaker order, and while in it she became convicted of sin and the evils that were prevailing at that time especially among the women, and she received some wonderful revelations from God. It must be remembered that the women of the eighteenth century in England occupied much the same position as the colored race in America in the nineteenth century. She was merely the slave of man, and he was at liberty to beat her with a broomstick if he wanted. If she married, all her property went to her husband and she had no control of it whatever. Ann Lee saw these outrages and publicly denounced them 82 THE MANIFESTO. and spoke her revelation. She was persecuted and driven from place to place, and finally in 1774 with eight of her followers, she came to America after an eventful passage across the water. They came here where they could worship God according to the dictates of their own conscience. They were carrying out their belief on shipboard and the captain becnm &gt; very angry and was going to throw them overboard. A big wave came and washed up a plank of the vessel and the captain said they were all going to drown. She said they were not going to drown and told them to get at the pumps, when another wave came and drove the plank back to its place. This is not a fable, but a fact. They settled near Albany, N. Y., and they began a revival in New Lebanon, and Rev. Joseph Meacham of the Baptist faith was one of the first converts. They wanted to start a church there, but they could not without a woman as they must have equal rights. Then came Lucy Wright of this city among the first converts and they together started a church, and established the Shaker organization. Among other early converts was Joseph Darrow, who owned considerable property, and dedicated it all to the society. We do not accept one because he is rich, or reject one on account of poverty, and any who come to us and live as we do, is a brother or sister on equality. God raised up these Societies to supply a human net d. John Wesley and Methodism were raised up to supply a great need of the time and was similar to the Salvation Army of the present day. They operated upon the fears of mankind and preached hell and damnation. It was right as it was then needed. So it is with the Shakers. They came to humanity because of humanity's need, and it is needed now every day. Shakers believe in the second coming of Christ. The inspiration of Ann Lee led her to learn the cause and apply the remedy for human depravity; and who could do it better than a woman ? Then was revealed the two orders of the Society, the natural and the spiritual. The children of this world are married and given in marriage. You are all aware that Shakers do not marry. The natural order is all right if they obey the law. The end will come when the harvest comes and the harvest will come when we stop generating. They want war to depopulate the world but this was not the Shaker way. The Christian way was to stop raising children and live as brothers and sisters. This is a merciful way and by all living so, the harvest would soon come. The natural law is the animal law. God said, 'Love your enemies.' This law is the eternal truth of God. Do not take it for granted that we condemn marriage, for we do not. Ann Lee revealed the motherhood of God, the emancipation of woman on a level with man. It is a wonder to us that people can not see that there can not be a father without a mother. The image of God is male and female. This revelation of the Deity is what gave Ann Lee power to rise above lust. Our order is straight as straightness and THE MANIFESTO. 83 pure as the heavens. When our lives conform with Christ, we find the true treasure hid in Christ. The next speaker was Eldress Anna White, who said, we have one Lord, one faith and one baptism. When we think of Pittsfield forty years ago, a quaint little town, with twro or three churches and a school, and remember those with whom we wrere acquainted, and see the progress that it has made, with many gone to their reward and others in their places, we are reminded that this earth is not our abiding place. Christ was a baptized Jew, a mediator of the new covenant. He could not receive the fire of baptism until he had passed through the fire. Jesus was a progressive man from beginning to end. His life was pre-eminently beautiful, and wh^n baptized with thi Christ-like spirit He spake as never man spake. It was said that the seed of the woman should bruise the serpent's head. The serpent's head is the lust of the flesh. Virgin purity is our corner stone, and a Christ-like spirit, a true love of God and mankind is our cap-stone. There are sixteen Societies in existence. The chain can never be broken, as it is of divine origin. The children that have been taken into our orders number thousands, who have had instilled in their minds virtue, truth and purity. We are in the world with you, but not of the world. There are many in the world who are fighting the battle of life alone and such have our sympathy. We may be very remote from each other and still be more united than near neighbors. Truth is a unit and of God. It is said that the Shakers would run the world out, but it is those who live in their lusts in the world that will run it out. We are egotistical. We know we have the truth revealed. 'Come and let us reason together.' Then Catherine Allen spoke briefly on 'The Self-Improvement Society.' 'Not slothful in business, fervent in spirit,' our people have not been neglectful of that higher culture. Our young people have instruction in instrumental and vocal music. For some years our monthly magazine has contained some of our best thoughts in printed form. We have the 'Floral Ethical Society,' at Canaan. The boys have each taken the name of some tree, and the girls the name of some flower. Our society meets each week. We seek the truth. Each member is bound not to make any sarcastic remarks of another or use any slang or profane words. Each one is expected to read an original verse of poetry, prose, or an essay. The fruit of our meetings has been very gratifying, and the young study more about our order and the various reforms of the day. Charles Greaves then spoke briefly. He said this is a new thing. Either you are traveling toward the Shakers or the Shakers are traveling toward you. I think it is a little of both, as we are all Shakers of some kind, for you here in Pittsfield have shaken off the saloons, but look out that they do not come back. We are a little peculiar as a people and dress peculiarly, but that is only external. We have no creed, but we are full of reforms. Wo- 84 THE MANIFESTO. man's rights started among the Shakers. Any body that shakes off a bad habit is a Shaker. We need to come together and see each other eye to eye. Marriage is at the bottom of all evils. Those who are out of work can come to us and we will find employment for them. Cecelia DeVere was the last speaker. She said her heart goes out to the beautiful women of Pittsfield. She found nothing in the churches to suit her life, when she came to the Shakers she found all. May not these Berkshire hills be the field of great achievements. There is no freedom for the man who can not honestly make a living. We have our home. She found the heavenly motherhood in the Shakers. The speaking was interspersed by singing by the Shakers of several hymns entitled, 'Conquering Legions,' 'The Savior's Promise,' 'Weary nut, Christian Pilgrim,' and 'Christian World.' Although the Shakers have been in Mt. Lebanon one hundred and twenty years, this was their first invitation to speak in Pittsfield. Berkshire County Eagle.