Canaan, N. Y. April, 1894. Some time has elapsed since we were represented in Home Notes. Nevertheless time has worn steadily on and with the feathered creation, we are constrained to sing of the glories of the advancing spring. Of March we can make no just complaint, as his roaring, piercing blasts, generally sweeping with unrestrained vigor through our domains seemed somewhat tamer than usual. He gave us a lively visit only now and then, bringing sufficient force to blow away all noxious gases, accumulations from the remains of decaying vegetation which might have proved detrimental to our well being if not dispersed. Thus through this advantage by careful discipline in dietetic habits, and by an observance of hygienic laws which pertain to the development of a good spiritual as well as physical condition, we are pleased to say that the health of the family in general has been maintained. If the cheerful attractions of our Canaan home have proved inefficient to draw to us people of more mature years, we are not destined at present to fall short of numbers as there are continual applications for the admission of children into our Order. Some, no doubt, are necessitated through the conditions of the prevailing hard times and others through an expressed desire to have them disciplined by higher and purer forces than those operating in the world at large. Under such circumstances within the past three months we have taken seven children ranging from three to thirteen years of age, and our only desire is that Sis they advance in years they may, through faithfulness, honor their privilege and become the 'glory of heaven and flowers of Paradise.' School for the season closed March 30, having been in session sixteen weeks. Our teacher is worthy of much credit, having devoted her time and strength freely to the interests of her pupils who number fourteen of various grades. Through her untiring zeal she has kept her scholars lively and active and now for a short season they will turn their attention to a different form of education in an industrial school. Angelina Brown.