East Canterbury N. H. Weather Record for March, 1894. Highest Temp, during the, month, 02 Lowest ' ' ' ' 11 Mean ' ' ' ' 35.4 Snowfall in inches ' ' ' 6.1 Total Precipitation ' ' 1.95 Greatest ' in any 24 consecutive hours, 70. N. A. Briggst. April, 1894. 'While the earth remaineth, seed time and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.' Those who accept this promise need not fear as the heat and the summer and the harvest are sure to come. Already, new life is springing forth and little patches of green grass m ly be seen, in some favored places, and the buds on some of the trees are hurriedly giving signs of renewed life. The robins and bluebirds and swamp sparrows have also returned to their northern home, very much to our pleasure. The snow has quite disappeared, and the ice in the ponds, although still covering the whole area has so wasted away that safety for neither man nor beast can be assured any longer this season. The managers of our large kitchen garden, are now arranging the hot beds, and will soon, no doubt, be able to plow and plant for the coming summer harvest. The sawing and splitting of several hundreds of cords of wood for domestic purposes, is progressing but not wholly accomplished. A nice herd of milch cows may be seen at the barn, which are under the faithful management of Br. A. Bruce, who makes the estimate that not less than fifty dollars worth of milk is used by our family each week. For several years we have not kept any sheep as the t:&gt;\vn has been more interested in dogs, and the sheep could not be protected. In the Plome Notes from Enfield, mention was made of the removal of Elder Abraham Perkins to the Society in Canterbury. As it was his own choice to enter this new home, where he has many dear friends, we are pleased to extend to him a loving welcome and wish for him a happy extension of many days, after his long and faithful service in bearing the burdens of the Societies of both Canterbury and Enfield. N. H.