East Canterbury N. H. Weather Record for March, 1804. Highest Temp, during the month, 73 Lowest ' ' ' ' 10 Mean ' ' ' ' 43.4 Total Precipitation ' ' 1.55 X. A. Briggs. May, 1804. Agreeably to promise, seed time has come, and the gardeners and farmers have been busily employed in the work of sowing and planting. The vegetable garden is receiving all due attention from the interested laborers, and we may well look forward with hope for the blessings that the earth will send forth. Already many varieties of plants are representing themselves above ground, very much to the pleasure of the gardeners. At the North family we saw, a few days since, a bed of beautiful strawberry plants and learned that some of the varieties were as early in fruitage as are those that grow in the fields. Elder Nicholas Briggs has also a nicely arranged trellis for grape vines, and has been very successful in obtaining many beautifully large and well ripened clusters in former seasons. An extended bed of onions attracted our attention, as their tops had reached an inch or more above the ground. This was specially interesting, as in former years so much labor has been expended unsuccessfully in the cultivation of this valuable plant. The panacea has come at last, in the liberal application of tar water, and with this the onion thrives beautifully, as all its ills and enemies are wholly destroyed. That nice lot of potatoes that wei-e taken into a warm room quite early in March, have sent out sprouts from one fourth to one inch in length, and to preserve these from harm, while being cut and planted, has required the utmost care. Now if the Weather Bureau looks upon them favorably for a few weeks, a bountiful crop may be anticipated so sure as day follows day. The Post Master at this Village, (Eldv r Nicholas Briggs,) has very kindly arranged with the officers of the Weather Bureau, so that we are now furnished with daily reports giving us reliable information of what the weather may be for the forthcoming day. This is one of the wonders of the age, and the knowledge becomes of great practical value, especially to those who till the land. This scientific statement which is brought to us every day, places the 'Old Farmers' Almanac' at quite a discount, as it does a multitude of self-styled weather prophets. Our pear, plum and cherry trees are now in full bloom and this wonderful outburst of blossoms is a beautiful sight. Even the flowers in the garden are asserting their rights at this early date and rivaling in beauty the tinting of the rainbow. The great and good Creator of the beautiful flowers, evidently saw from the beginning the great pleasure which the blending of these lovely colors, would give to the mind of man. God bless the flowers! H.