THE LOCOMOTIVE. By Thomas Stroud. There were many strange things on exhibition at the World's Fair, and there was one in particular that seemed so im possible that many visitors would not believe in its reality, and came away with the impression that they had seen a clever feat of legerdemain; whereas the fact is, it was a genuine, natural phenomenon, which will doubtless be put to use in the arts. We refer to the experiment shown in the electrical building, where a bar of iron was raised to a welding heat by plunging it into a bucket of water. Several persons have asked our opinion of this astonishing performance and perhaps an explanation of it would be interesting. Most of our readers know that water is composed of two substances, oxygen and hydrogen, which are both gaseous when they exist separately, but which condense and produce that familiar liquid when they are united chemically. This may be THE MANIFESTO. 147 proved by mixing one volume of oxygen with two volumes of hydrogen, and applying a light to the mixture. It explodes violently, and for this reason, the experiment must be performed in a strong vessel. When proper precautions are taken, it is found that there is nothing in the vessel after the explosion but water and steam. The original gases have entirely disappeared, and the new substance (i. e. the water) does not bear the slightest resemblance to either of them. The composition of water may also be proved by analysis. For example, if the two terminal wires of a galvanic-battery be dipped into a glass of water, it will be found that bubbles of gas are given off at the negative wire (i. e., the one connected with the zinc end of the battery,) and if these bubbles are collected they will be found to consist of hydrogen. If the positive wire is of platinum or gold, or some other non-oxidizable metal, bubbles of gas will appear there too; and upon collecting them we shall find that they consist of oxygen. (If the positive wire is copper, bubbles will be obtained, for the oxygen will unite with the copper as fast as it is liberated, forming oxide of copper.) In the experiment referred to above, the bar of iron was connected to the negative pole of a powerful dynamo, the other pole of which was connected with the bucket, or with a plate of copper in the bottom of it. The water in the bucket immediately began to decompose, and hydrogen was deposited all over the submerged surface of the iron bar. In a few moments, the bar became covered with a film of hydrogen that protected it from contact with the water around it. If the dynamo were not very powerful, the electric current would then cease to flow, because the continuity of the circuit was broken. But as the experiment was arranged at the Fair, the dynamo was so powerful that it overcame the great resistance of the film of hydrogen, and sent its current right through it. Now it is a general fact that heat is produced wherever an electric current encounters a resistance, just as heat is produced in the bearings of an engine when the journal resists the motion of the shaft owing to roughness or grit or bad alignment. Hence' the electric current from the dynamo generated great heat in passing through the resistant film of hydrogen that was deposited on the surface of the iron bar; and the dynamo used in the experiment was so powerful that it could produce heat enough to make the bar white hot in a few moments. The water did not quench the bar, because the hydrogen film prevented the two from coming into actual contact with each other. It wras a remarkable and instructive experiment, and will never be forgotten by those who saw it performed. Shaker Station, Conn.