East Canterbury N. H. Weather liecoid lor May, lfc!;4. Highest Temp, during the month, 82 Lowest ' ' ' ' ' 37 Mean ' ' ' ' 53.8 Amount of rain in inches, 5.09 No. of rainy days, 13 S. A. llriggs. June, 1804. Foil central New Hampshire this is the one beautiful month of the year. Everything is teeming with new life and there is a freshness and loveliness in the whole scenery that just fills the mind. The rains that have fallen so abundantly upon the fields and meadows, of the just and unjust, have brought forth a heavy crop of grass which will be preserved as a great blessing for the coming winter. Very little hay is in the barns at the present time and anxious minds are looking forward for the near future. Br. Albert Evans is busily engaged in building a silo at our cow barn that will have a capacity for holding a hundred tons of ensilage. In anticipation of this, Br. Arthur Bruce has planted several acres of corn, and he too, is looking forward with an anxious hope for the growing, and storing, and preserving and feeding of this new and wonderful article for cattle. Br. Arthur has also several acres of potatoes in fine growing order, and already in blossom. He thinks the potato bugs will be quite too late to do any harm to these early plants. Br. William Briggs is busy with others in the sawing of lumber that is to be used in the manufacture of chairs. A certain quantity is to be furnished each month and the contract holds good during the year. After so many weeks of vacation the machinery is again in operation for the knitting of Sweaters. The Sisters are now furnishing two grades and they too, like others, are anxiously looking -for the anticipated reward as well as for a more active growth in this line of business. During the last week we have had the pleasure of entertaining Eldress Lizzie Noyes and Sister Sirena Douglas of Gloucester, Me. This uni.m of social fellowship helps largely to make the Believers one people, and to grow an interest and care in the temporal and spiritual prosperity of each other. H.