CELEBRATION OF OUR NATIONAL BIRTHDAY. By Catherine Allen. AMONG the most important and startling events of modern history, is that which is recorded of the fourth of July, 1776, when, on the Western continent was born a new nation. On the second of July of the same year, Congress met to consider the adoption of that immortal document penned by Thomas Jefferson;the Declaration of Independence. It was generally understood that a final decision was to be made on the fourth, and thousands eagerly waited to hear the words of national destiny. When the welcome message, '/ has passed!' rung out, it was caught up by an enthusiastic multitude ; and almost instantaneously, the ringing of bells, the roar of cannon and illuminations from every house and hill-top bore witness to the universal rejoicing. It was on this occasion of witnessing the peoples' outburst of joy, that the grand patriot John Adams said: '1 am apt to believe that this, the greatest event in American history will be celebrated by succeeding generations as the great anniversary festival. It ought to be commemorated as the day of deliverance by solemn acts of devotion to Almighty God. It ought to be solemnized by pomp and parade, with shows, games, guns, sports, bells, bonfires and illuminations from one end of the continent to the other from this time forth, forevermore !' From the lines quoted, we learn the origin of the present mode of our national celebration, with some important omissions not at all creditable to the people. The 'solemn acts of devotion to Almighty God' seem to be entirely omitted, and in the absence of religious sentiment, all the ceremonies of the occasion bear an aspect far less noble than that conceived in the mind of him who proposed them. The excessive use of tobacco, intoxicants and other low forms of indulgence would naturally be associated with pleasure seeking and gaiety when 154 THE MANIFESTO. pursued as an object, untempered by the restraints of religion, and in most cases undignified by any intellectual efforts, even in calling to mind the occasion of celebration and the necessity of vigilance in preserving those liberties which had been so dearly bought by the brave sons of the Revolution. Could the fathers of our nation have made their voices heard, we think they would long since have recommended some modes of celebration more befitting the intelligence of a people who have had opportunities of development under free institutions. Aside from the many accidents to life and property, and the useless expenditure connected with the firing of cannon and pyrotechnical display, the moral influence is wrong, (especially of guns,) and seems strangely out of place to mingle the booming which brings the shudder of horror and memory of war's barbarism and hellishness, with the rejoicing of a gala day, which commemorates so grand an event as the birth of a great nation, destined by the providence of God to be a refuge for the oppressed of all lands where liberty and equality should be the inalienable inheritance of all. The Declarations of Independence and of Rights were the grandest documents pertaining to State affairs of which we have record. In them were advocated those principles of justice and righteousness in whose fruition should dawn the period of the Millennium. But how have these principles been carried out? How much of that noble, self-sacrificing spirit which fired the hearts of Jefferson, Paine, Franklin and their co-laborers, has descended to the present generation ? Alas ! where are statesmen to whom the highest interests of the people are more precious than gold, than reputation, than life itself? and how is it, that instead of being the freest and grandest of nations, we are rapidly approaching a condition of slavery, not less to be dreaded than that obtaining under the old monarchical governments? What of our public school system, our colleges and universities, that send forth one generation after another to bear our nation's burdens with so little knowledge of their duties as citizens, that they can neither appreciate nor protect their liberties and rights? The effect of this ignorance is appalling ; for to this must largely be attributed the development of those gigantic systems of wrong which now threaten the destruction of our Republic. Unanimous has been the testimony of the ages that degradation and slavery of the masses, and the final ruin of nations are the inevitable result of land monopoly, yet this underlying cause of all other national wrongs, has in the United States been allowed in proportion to the vastness of the country. Encroachments have already been made upon our religious liberties, and the powerful hand of Rome cunningly waits till all shall be ready, when she intends with one clutch to seize all that remains of that glorious heritage bequeathed to us by those who struggled for the blessing of 'millions yet unborn.' THE MANIFESTO. 155 These conditions prove how grave has been the mistake in omitting a thorough education of the people into the spirit and science of democratic principles and the forms of government best adapted to their perpetuity. And what more fitting occasion than the annual celebration of the nation's birthday to awakeu general interest and an intelligent understanding in these matters. If down through the century the day had been observed by suitable recitations by the young, and readings from the Declarations of Independence and Rights with lectures upon subjects of national importance, these in themselves would have so enlightened the people that they would not have stood by with folded hands and mute lips while pious hypocrites and shrewd politicians forged link after link of the chain of their bondage. But, while we can not mend the past, the present is ours in which to create a brighter future, and while we as a people are called out from active connection with civil and political affairs, we should sustain an interest therein, and keep ourselves intelligently informed concerning the movements of the Ship of State, else how shall we hold that relation to the outside order in which its leaders can receive the guidance of that higher 'Law and Word that shall go forth from Zion to the nations of earth?' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.