HISTORY OF SOUTH UNION, KY. No. 9. JANUARY 15, 1862. John McLeon who left home on the 12th of Dec, fj returns to-day. He has purchased thirteen hogsheads of sugar and a quantity of molasses. This merchandise was obtained for Confederate notes at par value, in Tennesee, and the merchant agreed to forward it immediately to South Union by R. R. As Br. John had other collections to make in adjoining states, he attended to this business and then returned home expecting to find his goods at the station in South Union. On reaching home he was surprised to find that the sugar had not been received and no word in regard to it. Rumors were now afloat that no more sugar nor molasses nor any produce should be brought into Kentucky by the Federals. Br. John decided to return to Memphis and see for himself what had become of his sugar, and greatly to his surprise he soon learned that it had not been moved. The merchant gave for an excuse, that the cars had all been engaged in the transporting of soldiers and military stores and he could not send it. Br. John bore a strong resemblance to Gen. Beauregard and many of the soldiers would salute him with that title. While on his journey to the south he was met with the greatest joy by many of his old customers, and saluted with,'My good old friend, how do you do ? How did you get through the blockade ? How glad I am to see you. How are the Shakers on this political strife ? ' Br. John was a man of but few words and would say, 'I guess we are on the right side in our principles, yet we are neutral and take no part in the strife. We are sorry, but hope it will come out all right.' JULY, 1894. 150 THE MANIFESTO. When he was thrown into the company of those very much excited and threatening what they would do with the Union men, he would remain silent, and not appear to notice the conversation. In this way he managed to get along quietly and settled up his business without difficulty. He now had his sugar casks packed in a car and it passed on to Clarksville, Tenn. a distance of fifty miles where it was stopped by order of Gen. Floyd who had forbidden anything of the kind to be taken out of Clarksville and brought into Kentucky. It seemed that after all our efforts and all our help to the southern soldiers that we should lose our sugar. Br. John returned to his home quite feeble, and unable to make another attempt to get his property. Two of the Brethren offered to go and see what could be done. It was a hazardous trip. They found the car on the side track in good order and securely locked. The station agent was very friendly and said he would do all he could to help them. On the arrival of the next freight train he ordered that car to be taken on for Russellville. At Russellville it was placed in the freight station where the citizens and soldiers were excitedly discussing the subject of burning the building. Not less than six hundred soldiers surrounded tl e station at three different times during the day, but were prevented by the urgent remonstrances of the citizens from firing the building and from destroying the town. The soldiers were forcing noo only the property from the citizens, but also from each other. Jan. 18. At two o'clock this a. m. three ox teams started for Russellville. At daylight fourteen of our horses were fed; four wagons were made ready and eight of these horses were put into their harnesses and soon on their way to Russellville. They proceeded without disturbance till within three or four miles of the town. Br. Jefferson Shannon, who was the director, ascertained that it would not be safe to enter the town with the horses as the soldiers were pressing all the horse teams and their drivers into the service of the army. This obliged us to hide the horses and wagons in the woods and haul the sugar on the ox teams to a place of safety where we could transfer the loads to the horse and mule teams. Br. Jefferson had found it necessary to hire six mule teams, but did not venture to drive them to the station, through fear of the soldiers. No freight could be moved from the place unless so ordered by the sheriff. Securing his aid, the hogsheads were removed from the station, and the teams moved toward home. The Brethren, six in number, concluded that their safety depended upon being near to each other, or they might lose, not only their load, but also their oxen, as the lawless soldiers made free to claim all that they could get. A careful watch was kept that night over the horses and sugar at the hiding place in the woods, and so soon as day broke we started for home, where we arrived in safety. THE MANIFESTO. 151 Jan. 19. Eighteen horsemen passed through our village on their way to Bowling Green. We thought it w'as the same company that camped near our village, a few nights since. Jan. 20. Six Cavalry passed on their way to Bowling Green, and it was a remarkable feature that they made no demands on us. Indeed, it was quite a surprise. Jan. 21. Four men with two armed soldiers called to see the machinery at the woolen factory. ' The soldiers said they came from Alabama. We were a little suspicious of their movements, but they behaved well and left the place peaceably. Several in our family are sick with the measles and this reduces our strength. Jan. 22. Ninety Confederate wagons passed through the village and remained at Yost's tavern during the night. Two hundred Artillery men and their horses were provided with supper. They then pitched their tents, stole two bee-hives and made th ir tires with the rails around our lots. At the close of the day Col. Scott's regiment of Cavalry of a thousand men called and said they would remain with us one or two days, or till they received further orders from Bowling Green. We began at once to make preparations for the cooking, but upon inquiry the Brethren ascertained that the soldiers did not wish any food at present, and we hoped they would not until morning. However, at nine o'clock an order came from the officers for six hundred pounds of bread. The work began at once and the Sisters at the Center family baked four hundred and the North family baked two hundred pounds. The soldiers were in groups in the highway and in the fields. It was a strange sight. A large number of fires were blazing and the sparks were carried in all directions, while the air was filled with the discordant voices of shouting and cheering over incidents relating to the Rebellion. The Artillery had five cannons, and every company had little Confederate flags fastened to the heads of the horses. Some fifteen negro slaves were marching with the Infantry and were armed the same as the white soldiers. Several slaves were also on horseback, and in readiness to obey any word from their masters. The company was two and one half hours in passing our dwelling, and it was a great relief to the mind when the end came. Nov. 22. A small company of eight Texas Rangers asked to be sheltered during the night. They seemed to be very nervously excited. Their horses were hitched before the house where they slept, but the saddles and bridles were not removed. Two of the company were on guard all night. We furnished the men with supper and breakfast, which they seemed to appreciate very much. (To be continued.)