THE DEAD PAST. THE living present is, indeed, a wonderful age. It is a store-house yielding treasures which have been accumulating for hundreds and thousands of years, and from this inexhaustible repository men gather knowledge as they would gather fruit from a vineyard. Those who are enjoying a privilege upon the. earth and sharing in its varied blessings of to-day, are most fortunate, and may well be astonished at the wonders that have come down to them from the heavens, and that spring up be-, fore them from the earth. No such privileges as those of the present were ever known at an earlier date. From the whole world are gathered the many treasures that are demanded for use, for comfort or for pleasure. Every day brings to the front some wonderful invention through which knowledge is diffused, so that light and heat and steam and electricity are made to act as faithful servants for the good of the whole human race. Almost as by magic some simple machine is at once made to do the work of several persons. Simplifying the order of manufacture, this reduces the cost and a greater number receive the reward. This inventive faculty, however, so graciously given as a quality of the mind, has fallen below other faculties of questionable value. The treasure that was hid in a napkin, and has become such a remarkable lesson for reference in some special cases, finds a valuable illustration in every department of the mind, and demands as forcible an investigation of the use of God's gifts to man, as was represented in Bible story. Contrasting the life of man of an earlier age with that cf the present, and some persons are quick to denominate this as the 'living present,*' forgetting that they are quite dependent upon the work of the past for many things which they are now enjoying. Possibly this may have been the condition of some minds in the primitive age. Jubal Cain in the manufacture of harps and organs may have thought he was sharing the advantages of a 'living present,' and was made happy in his wonderful achievements, very much as the same class of inventors are made happy to-day. Without the organ of Jubal Cain it is questionable if we should see the beautiful musical instruments that are around us or hear the harmony with which the land is being filled. And had it not been for the work of the first evangelist, Seth, in that early age of mankind, we might not have been blessed with the labors of faithful evangelists of the present day. Everything is brought forward by degrees no less in the spiritual than in the material. These THE MANIFESTO. 161 steps of growth are definitely marked and a close dependence is maintained throughout the whole, for the good of every developing phase. A first machine must be made, and a first lesson in morality must be impressed upon the mind. It was life in and through God that awakened the thought for action and that life can never become a 'dead past.' Men may have a wonderful idea of the value of their own individual presence, and of their own individual thought. With them it is the modern thought. The acme of all nice things is in this time, and to refer to an earlier age, is to them of no especial value, and can be expressed in no clearer language than as the ''dead past.' Moses and Aaron, of course are of no account, only as magicians ; the prophets and seers need not claim our attention and the work of the divine Teacher, of two thousand years ago, may be laid aside, as of trifling value, as so much advancement has been made since that date. Indeed, all that he may have said or done is now left quite in the shade. That the gifts and blessings of the present time are wonderful is readily admitted, and although there may be much ignoiance and wickedness in the world, there is, no doubt, more kindness, more general humanity of man toward man, than was ever before known. With all the reverse steps that may be taken by individuals, or families, or nations, as they fall into themselves, or into an uncivilized state, the world, as a whole is, evidently, growing better, and without the never dying work of living souls for the good of the race of mankind, this present stage of wonderful development could never have been reached. Goodness must be obtained and a search be made to obtain it, as one would search for precious treasures that are hid in the earth. Excellent lessons may be drawn from every age of the world, and these lessons of wisdom are as valuable for use at the present day as they were when first uttered. What can be more to the point than this advice which Moses gave to his brethren, as a guide in morality. 'If a soul hear the voice of swearing, and is a witness whether he hath seen or known of it; if he do not utter it, then he shall bear his iniquity.' Not less than three thousand years have passed since this was spoken to the children of Israel, and its moral value is not in the least diminished. 'Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth in the way of sinners, nor sitteth in the seat of the scornful.' The living present can not bring forward anything that will more directly lead the mind into the path of righteousness. 162 THE MANIFESTO. 'Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.' A healthy discipline of the mind could not be better reached than through the apostle's beautiful admonition. It is one of the treasures that can never grow old, nor become of less value. So long as the principle of righteousness can find access to the heart, so long will a salutary influence follow this testimony of the good apostle.