West Pittsfield, Mass. June, 1894. It is a beautiful day. The sun is shining brightly over the Bei'kshire hills, filling the valley below with golden light. We are led to think with the writer, 'O, what is so rare as a day in June, then, if ever, come perfect days.' We are very glad to welcome these days for the last fortnight has been a succession of showers and cold winds. We thought our fruit trees and gardens would yield an unusually early harvest, but the recent cold weather has retarded their growth. It is feared that the corn already in the ground is ruined and that it will be necessary to plant again. The old drain pipes in our dwelling house have been removed and new and larger ones have taken their places. Our large oven has been given a new lease of life, by undergoing a thorough repairing. Our dairy has received a prominent share in the general improvement. Last year an aqueduct was placed in the dairy, by means of which water is now obtained for run- THE MANIFESTO. 167 ning the churn. We have purchased Teed's 'Maelstrom' water motor and with our present arrangement it can be used at any time with but very little trouble. In the Church family we use the 'Davis' Swing Churn,' and those who manage it consider the churn a success. Our bird friends have taken their permanent abode with us for the summer, and our groves and woods are filled with their sweet melodies. The children have eagerly watched their appearance, and greatly admire the orioles and scarlet tanager. They have made friends with many of the little birds and listen with pleasure to the song of the bobolink. About three weeks ago, two little robins were found on the ground by the side of an upturned nest. They were evidently helpless and homeless, and apparently orphans. We took them to our room and fed them for three weeks. One has flown away to its friends in the trees, but the other, though several ' times offered its freedom, always returns to us. The favorite wild flowers are appearing, each in their season, and are being sought after, analyzed and pressed by the school children. Our school opened the 23rd ult. with thirteen scholars in attendance. Last Wednesday we enjoyed a brief, although pleasant visit with beloved Elder Henry Blinn. We hope it will prove but a forerunner of a longer one in the near future. Rev. Dr. Clymer, pastor of the Methodist Church of Pittsfield, called here a few days ago, and spoke with much pleasure of the enjoyment he felt in the attendance of Elder Henry at their prayer meeting on Friday, June 1st. Fidelia Esierbrooh.