Books and Papers. Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Among the features that merit special consideration in the June number of The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health, is an article on the Faculty of Language, illustrated; a plirenograph by the editor on Miss Susan B. Anthony, that will doubtless be read by many who are now interested in the movement for Woman Suffrage; a sketch of the characteristics of Ancient Man, with views of his skull form ; the Ethics of Jealousy; Character Studies, including a brilliant plirenograph of Miss Florence Rockwell, a young dramatic artist, by Professor Sizer, and How to Study Strangers. The fresh installment of Phrenological Biography involves the late eminent writer John Neal and Dr. B. A. Parnell. In Child Culture a pleasing sketch of certain phases of domestic experience has the heading of 'Three Visits.' In the health department, Sir Andrew Clark's Advice, Chinese Ladies' Feet and Effects of Quinine are very suggestive. The editorials have a crisp, pertinent relation to the tlay as indicated by their titles, Sir Walter Scott's Head, The Handwriting on the Wall, Ballot for Women. A variety of other items and references is included in an admirable combination. 15 cents a number, $1.50 a year. Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 25 East Twenty-first street, New York. To Make Currant Jelly. When making currant jelly, select freshlygathered currants which are not over-ripe; mash and squeeze them through a jelly bag. Put the juice into a porcelain-lined kettle and stand over a brisk fire; let boil for twenty minutes; add a pound of sugar for every pint of juice, and stir until it dissolves. Skim; bring to a boil; take from the fire; put in glasses anil stand aside to jelly. A little of the liquid can be tried in a glass before taking up, and if it does not jelly it may be boiled a few minutes longer. A clear, lighter-colored jelly can be made by using white and red currants. To make English currant jelly, take ripe currants; do not pick from the stems; weigh, and allow half a pound of sugar to every pound of currants. Put the fruit into a preserve kettle; mash and stir over the fire for twenty-five minutes. Take up; strain through a flannel bag. Wash the kettle, put the juice in it, let come to a boil and add the sugar; stir until dissolved; take from the fire; pour in glasses; let cool and cover. June Ladies' Home Journal. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. Contents. June. Some Phrenological Characteristics of A. J. Clausen; Diphtheria; Who are the Heathen; Anti-Vaccination; An Appeal for the Protection of Children; The Pride of the Company, etc., etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo, Ind.