NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. May. Thermometer. Bain. 1893. 55.52 5% in. 1894. 63.9 % ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 80. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 30. ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 11. ' ' clear ' ' ' 7. ' ' cloudy' ' ' 13. C. G. Reed. June, 1894. And is this June? Where are the 'rare' days? No days yet comfortable without a little fire, while rain seems to be a diurnal occurrence. Only once since the eighteenth of May, have twenty-four consecutive hours passed without rain. A morning rainbow ushered in this humid time, but we hope the beautiful arch seen this evening will be true to its trust and prove to be the rear guard of the storm. We have thus far escaped injury by frost though we can not tell yet how much the rains have blasted the abundant blossoms of May. In these days of financial depression, in common with all interested members of our Communal homes, we are thinking constantly how we can economize and save, since there is so little opportunity to earn Ten months ago we put out the fire in the ovon.and bake 'between times' as best we can, in the cooking range, to save coal. Much wood collected from the removal and repair of buildings, fences, etc. has been utilized in our furnace the past winter for heating the house, in place of coal. The luxury of gas also we have sacrificed, wherever we can possibly use lamps, as kerosene is cheaper than gasolene. It can not be urged too strongly on every member of Community to 'use the things of this life as not abusing them.' The financial burdens of our homes are heavy. It is said those who 'know nothing, fear nothing.' Our experiences have taught us that those who come with the least to offer for the common weal, are the most extravagant in their demands. Children taken under reduced circumstances, prove the most ungrateful; and parents whose children derive the greatest advantages, by our care, are apt to appreciate it the least. Only those who know the value of hard earned wealth are fitted to become interested and useful members of Community life. So let us all keep an inventory of our possessions ever in mind, lest we selfishly accumulate for the 'moth and rust,' because we can get it by the asking. This is the honest duty of all, not the few. We were delighted to meet again our worthy editor, Elder Henry C. Blinn in Lebanon. Though his tarry was short, we appreciate even the flying moments. The culmination of his address in our TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 165 morning service on the Sabbath, was ''Do not prophesy evil of Community and if any one does, do not believe it.' And 'so say we all.' Life is what roe make it; not I. So let us work together arid the salvation we earn we have the right to enjoy. Amelia ./. Calier. North Family. June, 1894. We must of course, say something about the weather. Everybody remarks about the weather. During the last few weeks we have had so much of it, all over the country, and of such an unexpected variety that people are naturally quite concerned about it. With us it has been unusually wet, cold, almost sunless, with some frosts; had a slight frost June 8th. We shall escape material damage if we get a change soon. Our sympat1 its go out to others who have suffered loss, especially to our friends at Pleasant Hill, whose crops we hear have been almost ruined by untimely frosts. Referring to your rect nt visit to Mt. Lebanon, Elder Henry, and the little incident of your presence at the meeting in one of the Pittsfield churches. We commend your custom to others similarly situated. Your attendance at this particular meeting had quite a good effect. As you explained to us, there was not much of it; still a kindly, fraternal spirit accompanied with a simple, unassuming manner, is always appreciated and respected. In responding, with others to the general call for a Scripture quotation and testimony for Jesus, you spoke words in season which brought a blessing. We were encouraged by your breadth of mind in stating your willingness to insert in the Manifesto contributions bearing upon moral and social reforms, not inconsistent with principles of Believers. This is good. We are all interested in the efforts being made to place the natural order of society on a right, foundation, and we should inform ourselves of what is moving and contribute what we can to the solution of the problem. Our love should be as universal as the love of God. If we love God truly, we shall love fiat spark of the Divine that is in every human soul, and yearn to see it and help it to unfold and develop. One of our valued correspondents after reviewing the immoral social, and unjust industrial conditions asks if we really think the world is growing bettor. Well, the social malady is reading a climax. The prevailing discomfort is a sign. The present social system is the product of man under the influence of his animal and material proclivities. Has developed the worst elements of human character and is not conducive to spiritual growth or the higher civilization. What we want is such a change as will give the honest, industrious and conscientious a fair field, witli no favors to the strong and unscrupulous. Such changes will be made. Man's redemption defends upon them. First redeem l.im naturally, then spiritually. We believe that God designs his creatures to attain a condition of righteousness, purity, peace and harmony. If we had not this faith in man's growth and possibilities, how couid we Lave faith in God, his Creator and Inspirer. Believers1 faith is unbounded in the possibilities of man. Think of the faith of Mother Ann in starting out in poverty, under persecution, tiie stite of society more gross and animal than at present, to establish a standard of life more exalted than any in history. Our faith is that the highest and best conceptions of the mind will yet be actualized both in the natural and spiritual orders. Waller S. Shepherd. Center Family. June 1894. As we were looking over our monthly messenger of June we noticed that the Center family did not have any Home Notes, so thought we would send some this month, though ours may be a small mite, compared with the many interesting Home Notes which are sent. The weather has been very cloudy and 166 THE MANIFESTO. rainy for the past two weeks nnd rather cool for this season of the year, but we hope it will be better, if not we are afraid our harvest may prove a failure. Last Sunday being pleasant, we enjoyed a very good meeting with our beloved Ministry, also Elder Henry C. Blinn from Canterbury, and our friends of the Church family. It will ever be a pleasant remembrance; the good gifts of the hour are treasures stored for future comfort and sustenance. We have had a very agreeable visit with Eldress Ellen Greene, of Harvard. We enjoy meeting our friends from different Societies: they always bring cheer and courage with a blessing for the young. A short time since, Brother Andrew Barrett of Harvard, returned to this, his former home and was gladly welcomed by his many friends who remember with loving appreciation the faithful, consecrated service he has rendered to the gospel cause, while residing in the Center family of Mt. Lebanon. Our fruit trees of every variety look very promising and we hope to reap a bountiful harvest. The Brethren have been spraying the apple orchards for the fourth time this season. This work requires much time and strength and we hope may prove to be of enough benefit to repay them for this special labor. Theresa Clutter buck.