NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. May. Thermometer. Bain. 1893. 55.52 5% in. 1894. 63.9 % ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 80. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 30. ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 11. ' ' clear ' ' ' 7. ' ' cloudy' ' ' 13. C. G. Reed. June, 1894. And is this June? Where are the 'rare' days? No days yet comfortable without a little fire, while rain seems to be a diurnal occurrence. Only once since the eighteenth of May, have twenty-four consecutive hours passed without rain. A morning rainbow ushered in this humid time, but we hope the beautiful arch seen this evening will be true to its trust and prove to be the rear guard of the storm. We have thus far escaped injury by frost though we can not tell yet how much the rains have blasted the abundant blossoms of May. In these days of financial depression, in common with all interested members of our Communal homes, we are thinking constantly how we can economize and save, since there is so little opportunity to earn Ten months ago we put out the fire in the ovon.and bake 'between times' as best we can, in the cooking range, to save coal. Much wood collected from the removal and repair of buildings, fences, etc. has been utilized in our furnace the past winter for heating the house, in place of coal. The luxury of gas also we have sacrificed, wherever we can possibly use lamps, as kerosene is cheaper than gasolene. It can not be urged too strongly on every member of Community to 'use the things of this life as not abusing them.' The financial burdens of our homes are heavy. It is said those who 'know nothing, fear nothing.' Our experiences have taught us that those who come with the least to offer for the common weal, are the most extravagant in their demands. Children taken under reduced circumstances, prove the most ungrateful; and parents whose children derive the greatest advantages, by our care, are apt to appreciate it the least. Only those who know the value of hard earned wealth are fitted to become interested and useful members of Community life. So let us all keep an inventory of our possessions ever in mind, lest we selfishly accumulate for the 'moth and rust,' because we can get it by the asking. This is the honest duty of all, not the few. We were delighted to meet again our worthy editor, Elder Henry C. Blinn in Lebanon. Though his tarry was short, we appreciate even the flying moments. The culmination of his address in our TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 165 morning service on the Sabbath, was ''Do not prophesy evil of Community and if any one does, do not believe it.' And 'so say we all.' Life is what roe make it; not I. So let us work together arid the salvation we earn we have the right to enjoy. Amelia ./. Calier. North Family. June, 1894. We must of course, say something about the weather. Everybody remarks about the weather. During the last few weeks we have had so much of it, all over the country, and of such an unexpected variety that people are naturally quite concerned about it. With us it has been unusually wet, cold, almost sunless, with some frosts; had a slight frost June 8th. We shall escape material damage if we get a change soon. Our sympat1 its go out to others who have suffered loss, especially to our friends at Pleasant Hill, whose crops we hear have been almost ruined by untimely frosts. Referring to your rect nt visit to Mt. Lebanon, Elder Henry, and the little incident of your presence at the meeting in one of the Pittsfield churches. We commend your custom to others similarly situated. Your attendance at this particular meeting had quite a good effect. As you explained to us, there was not much of it; still a kindly, fraternal spirit accompanied with a simple, unassuming manner, is always appreciated and respected. In responding, with others to the general call for a Scripture quotation and testimony for Jesus, you spoke words in season which brought a blessing. We were encouraged by your breadth of mind in stating your willingness to insert in the Manifesto contributions bearing upon moral and social reforms, not inconsistent with principles of Believers. This is good. We are all interested in the efforts being made to place the natural order of society on a right, foundation, and we should inform ourselves of what is moving and contribute what we can to the solution of the problem. Our love should be as universal as the love of God. If we love God truly, we shall love fiat spark of the Divine that is in every human soul, and yearn to see it and help it to unfold and develop. One of our valued correspondents after reviewing the immoral social, and unjust industrial conditions asks if we really think the world is growing bettor. Well, the social malady is reading a climax. The prevailing discomfort is a sign. The present social system is the product of man under the influence of his animal and material proclivities. Has developed the worst elements of human character and is not conducive to spiritual growth or the higher civilization. What we want is such a change as will give the honest, industrious and conscientious a fair field, witli no favors to the strong and unscrupulous. Such changes will be made. Man's redemption defends upon them. First redeem l.im naturally, then spiritually. We believe that God designs his creatures to attain a condition of righteousness, purity, peace and harmony. If we had not this faith in man's growth and possibilities, how couid we Lave faith in God, his Creator and Inspirer. Believers1 faith is unbounded in the possibilities of man. Think of the faith of Mother Ann in starting out in poverty, under persecution, tiie stite of society more gross and animal than at present, to establish a standard of life more exalted than any in history. Our faith is that the highest and best conceptions of the mind will yet be actualized both in the natural and spiritual orders. Waller S. Shepherd. Center Family. June 1894. As we were looking over our monthly messenger of June we noticed that the Center family did not have any Home Notes, so thought we would send some this month, though ours may be a small mite, compared with the many interesting Home Notes which are sent. The weather has been very cloudy and 166 THE MANIFESTO. rainy for the past two weeks nnd rather cool for this season of the year, but we hope it will be better, if not we are afraid our harvest may prove a failure. Last Sunday being pleasant, we enjoyed a very good meeting with our beloved Ministry, also Elder Henry C. Blinn from Canterbury, and our friends of the Church family. It will ever be a pleasant remembrance; the good gifts of the hour are treasures stored for future comfort and sustenance. We have had a very agreeable visit with Eldress Ellen Greene, of Harvard. We enjoy meeting our friends from different Societies: they always bring cheer and courage with a blessing for the young. A short time since, Brother Andrew Barrett of Harvard, returned to this, his former home and was gladly welcomed by his many friends who remember with loving appreciation the faithful, consecrated service he has rendered to the gospel cause, while residing in the Center family of Mt. Lebanon. Our fruit trees of every variety look very promising and we hope to reap a bountiful harvest. The Brethren have been spraying the apple orchards for the fourth time this season. This work requires much time and strength and we hope may prove to be of enough benefit to repay them for this special labor. Theresa Clutter buck. Watervliet, N. Y. June, 1894. The poem, 'Watchman, What of the Night?' in June Manifesto is truly a remarkable production. Its literary style is of a high order, and the spiritual insight that it shows is indicative of the fact that the author was in close concord with those powers that are revealing to human life the result of conditions that to the mass of humanity are a sealed volume. - On the 26th of May, we were favored with a social call from our beloved Sisters, Lucy A. Shepard and Emeline Hart of East Canterbury, and on the following day the Sabbath, we enjoyed, in our Society Service, their blessed ministration. The heavens opened and holy angels descended to hold communion with those who weie striving for, and some who had attained unto sainthood here. It was truly a communion of the saints, and we have naught but pity for any one who could not be uplifted by these heavenly powers. The latter part of May gave us an exuberance of moisture, while the me nth opened dry and cold. We have not suffered from devastating floods, as many of our fellow mortals in different parts of the country have, for which we are thankful; and extend to the afflicted our sympathy. If not able to assist in a material sense, it is certainly right for us to sympathize with our fellow mortals, and pray to God for our neighboi s as for ourselves. Success to the Manifesto. June number full of excellent ideas. Editorial, splendid. Hamilton DeGraw. West Pittsfield, Mass. June, 1894. It is a beautiful day. The sun is shining brightly over the Bei'kshire hills, filling the valley below with golden light. We are led to think with the writer, 'O, what is so rare as a day in June, then, if ever, come perfect days.' We are very glad to welcome these days for the last fortnight has been a succession of showers and cold winds. We thought our fruit trees and gardens would yield an unusually early harvest, but the recent cold weather has retarded their growth. It is feared that the corn already in the ground is ruined and that it will be necessary to plant again. The old drain pipes in our dwelling house have been removed and new and larger ones have taken their places. Our large oven has been given a new lease of life, by undergoing a thorough repairing. Our dairy has received a prominent share in the general improvement. Last year an aqueduct was placed in the dairy, by means of which water is now obtained for run- THE MANIFESTO. 167 ning the churn. We have purchased Teed's 'Maelstrom' water motor and with our present arrangement it can be used at any time with but very little trouble. In the Church family we use the 'Davis' Swing Churn,' and those who manage it consider the churn a success. Our bird friends have taken their permanent abode with us for the summer, and our groves and woods are filled with their sweet melodies. The children have eagerly watched their appearance, and greatly admire the orioles and scarlet tanager. They have made friends with many of the little birds and listen with pleasure to the song of the bobolink. About three weeks ago, two little robins were found on the ground by the side of an upturned nest. They were evidently helpless and homeless, and apparently orphans. We took them to our room and fed them for three weeks. One has flown away to its friends in the trees, but the other, though several ' times offered its freedom, always returns to us. The favorite wild flowers are appearing, each in their season, and are being sought after, analyzed and pressed by the school children. Our school opened the 23rd ult. with thirteen scholars in attendance. Last Wednesday we enjoyed a brief, although pleasant visit with beloved Elder Henry Blinn. We hope it will prove but a forerunner of a longer one in the near future. Rev. Dr. Clymer, pastor of the Methodist Church of Pittsfield, called here a few days ago, and spoke with much pleasure of the enjoyment he felt in the attendance of Elder Henry at their prayer meeting on Friday, June 1st. Fidelia Esierbrooh. Shaker Station, Conn. June, 1894. Our Pleasant Hill correspondent in April Manifesto says, 'A word kindly spoken, a smile, or a small act of charity or mercy has started many a poor wanderer on the highway to true felicity, who otherwise might have sunk beneath a weight of sin and discouragement.' Very true, the happiness of life is made up of little things, little courtesies, good deeds, good wishes, friendly letters, genial smiles, pleasant words, and little kindnesses. The little things that make up life come each day and hour. If we make the most of life and its possibilities for goodness then is the whole life beautiful and good. In the little things the heart speaks from its fu'lncss. True greatness consists in beinj gi-eat in little things. The pleasant interchange of good deeds builds up happiness. It is the little moments well improved, the little deeds well done that make up the sum of a virtuous life. The little things of everyday life have a bearing on the endless life beyond. Let us think of that. One reason why some people find it so hard to live a Christian life is because they devote so little time to it. It is one of our golden opportunities to watch and pray. Nothing is more beautiful than purity, it was this that made our Savior's character divine. Avoid all that leads to sin. is a command of no small import. ******* Our new well, drilled 167 ft. in the s did rock, affords a great supply of excellent water for all purposes. This is a blessing that we can not too highly prize. A drilled well is perfectly reliable in dry weather, as it does not depend upon rain to keep up the required amount of water. Our white multiplier onions are a success and they are rightly named, for as many as fourteen fair sized onions may be produced from a single bulb; very desirable for table use. Try them. There are many little details connected with poultry growing, which if neglected, will affect the profits decidedly. An important matter is thrift. Economy should be practiced in feeding, giving only what will be eaten at each meal. The more the food of the laying hen is varied the better will be its health. Daniel Orcutt. East Canterbury N. H. Weather liecoid lor May, lfc!;4. Highest Temp, during the month, 82 Lowest ' ' ' ' ' 37 Mean ' ' ' ' 53.8 Amount of rain in inches, 5.09 No. of rainy days, 13 S. A. llriggs. June, 1804. Foil central New Hampshire this is the one beautiful month of the year. Everything is teeming with new life and there is a freshness and loveliness in the whole scenery that just fills the mind. The rains that have fallen so abundantly upon the fields and meadows, of the just and unjust, have brought forth a heavy crop of grass which will be preserved as a great blessing for the coming winter. Very little hay is in the barns at the present time and anxious minds are looking forward for the near future. Br. Albert Evans is busily engaged in building a silo at our cow barn that will have a capacity for holding a hundred tons of ensilage. In anticipation of this, Br. Arthur Bruce has planted several acres of corn, and he too, is looking forward with an anxious hope for the growing, and storing, and preserving and feeding of this new and wonderful article for cattle. Br. Arthur has also several acres of potatoes in fine growing order, and already in blossom. He thinks the potato bugs will be quite too late to do any harm to these early plants. Br. William Briggs is busy with others in the sawing of lumber that is to be used in the manufacture of chairs. A certain quantity is to be furnished each month and the contract holds good during the year. After so many weeks of vacation the machinery is again in operation for the knitting of Sweaters. The Sisters are now furnishing two grades and they too, like others, are anxiously looking -for the anticipated reward as well as for a more active growth in this line of business. During the last week we have had the pleasure of entertaining Eldress Lizzie Noyes and Sister Sirena Douglas of Gloucester, Me. This uni.m of social fellowship helps largely to make the Believers one people, and to grow an interest and care in the temporal and spiritual prosperity of each other. H. Enfield, N. H. June, 1894. We are just emerging from a three weeks' season of almost perpetual rain. It had been predicted that rain would fall every day for forty days, and we had almost concluded that at last a reliable weather prophet had been discovered. Happily we are disappointed, as the weather is again clear, though uncomfortably warm. Our crops are all planted, and if the seed has not been injured we hope for bountiful harvests. The summer season has commenced, and visitors are beginning to throng our Office. Could we but gather one out of every hundred that comes, we should feel a degree of satisfaction. As it is at present, people come to see the sights not even caring to learn our real object in living the Community life. So long as curiosity is the prompting spirit, our harvest will be light. Honest investigators are few and far between. However, few though our number may be, we know the principles that underlie our faith, are built on a sure foundation, and we take for our motto, the adage,'Be sure you are right; then go ahead.' O. H. Kirkley. North Family. June, 1894. When meditating upon the varied experiences which have been effectual in educating our minds and ruling our lives to our ideal of faith and life, how we are reminded of the wisdom of the law of cause and effect, the great factor which gilds life with a halo of happiness or bedims it with the rust of heart anguish. THE MANIFESTO. 169 Are not these visitations of joy or sorrow the just reapings of our daily life? preventatives, that depraved nature may not run rampant upon the broad way, aids to strengthen our better nature in being able to pluck the fruits of the Spirit along the narrow way of Christian duty; ever reminding us that the Christian life must emit spiritualizing and educating influences, while the reverse plunges the soul into a chasm of moral darkness. While we do not depend upon a Shakespeare to dramatize life's duties, or a Whittier to poetize life in song, yet we do need a master mind of judicial discernment and appreciation of divine and human realities, combined with true soul consistency, the sweet and rare life poem of active goodness. As the late frequent rain visits give us hope of a good hay crop, even so do all visits from gospel friends help to brighten our lives. Though short the call of our esteemed Br. Benjamin Gates, (on business) yet the hand grasp and the pleasant salutation (given to the writer, tarrying on the way-side from the pasture) was cheering. The promise of a real visit in a not far distant day we record on memory's page. Realizing a ready sale for butter, we dispense with our usual cheese industry this season. All of our farm products give evidence of good crops. George H. Baxter. Alfred., Me. June, 1894. We have had sunshine for nearly two days, the first for a long, long time. The robins still cry rain, rain, but the farmers' cry is 'warm days and plenty of sunshine.' The peas that were in blossom three weeks ago, are still in bloom but the pods fail to materialize. The sweet corn planted the first of May, has now to be replanted and the potatoes are just coming into sight and the potato bugs are six to the leaf. If an abundance of rain is productive of a large hay crop we ought to have an abundance of that blessing this season. During the month of May, 18034 spaces of cream were sold. Much credit is due Br. Franklin Butler who cares for the herd and also carries on the vegetable garden, which is looking finely regardless of the wet weather we have experienced. To our library of more than five hundred books has been added the two valuable volumes of the 'World's Parliament of Religions' which will afford to all many hours of pleasant and useful study. What could be of more importance than the study of religion? Is it not well for us to think often of the great profession we are making and closely question 'How near are we living to the wonderful profession that we make? Fannie Casey. Sabbathday Lake, Me. June, 1894. This is a most perfect Sabbath, and we are enjoying its restful influence. We are also rejoicing that our dear Sisters Eldress Lizzie Noyes and Sirena Douglas are visiting the Societies in N. H. It is a rest from home toil and burden which they very much needed and their letters to us from Canterbury tell of their loving reception and the happy hours which they are passing in that beautiful place. Our horse-chestnut shade trees are unusually full of bloom, the white blossoms contrasting with the deep green foliage. The little flower plants are fast coining along and will soon be ready to do their part towards beautifying the earth. Poland Spring House opens this week. That place is to have one more attraction. The Maine State Building from the World's Fair at Chicago is now on its way to Poland Sprkigs the Ricker Bros, having purchased it and chartered twenty cars for its transportation. It is to be fitted up for a Library and Museum. 170 THE MANIFESTO. The gale of Dec. 12, 1893 blew down over thirty large pine trees. During the past week the Brethren have been to the forest to remove the bark aad secure them from injury, as they can not be drawn to the mil] until next winter. Black flies and mosquitoes were so troublesome that the Brethren had to wear netting drawn over their hats and fastened at the neck. In this way they found they could work quite comfortably. We have had two promising Brethren added to our ranks recently, which gives us courage to look forward to the harvest of souls for which we hope to be prepared. Ada S. Cummings. Watervliet, O. June, 1894. We have been having very cool, wet weather through May, and had a slight frost on the morning of the 31st. Well, we have been trying to make home cheerful, inasmuch as white washing and repairing can do it. We are putting some new siding on our wagon and carriage house. Also white washed some of the out buildings which makes them look much better. We have taken down one old building that was used for storing tools. Have put up a lath and wire fence at the south of the North family's garden which was much needed and makes a better appearance. Our potato crop looks well and we shall have new potatoes by the 10th or 15th of June. They are of the size of hens' eggs now. Garden truck is coming on very slowly as the weather has been very unfavorable. Corn looks well, also wheat and the harvest will be abundant if the frost will only keep away. We hope that June will be warmer and the weather more pleasant, that the farmers may look more cheerful. A company of Brethren went to Dayton to interview an army of Coxeyites that were gathering together to start for Washington, but they got there one day too late to see any of them. Wo had better take things as they come and learn to bear all things patiently. We must not expect to have smooth waters to sail upon all the time. We have sold some lambs that averaged 61 lbs. each. If any one can excel we would like to hear from him. We herewith extend our kindest love and blessing to all Believers east, west and south. We have nothing but good-will to extend all around. Flenrji W. Fredrick. Union Village, O. June, 1894. Our spring and summer so far have been uncommonly cold, with light, cold rains quite frequently. Our wheat and barley will be good crops, so will corn and oats if we have no more frosts. This is our third year without fruit of any kind but a few strawberries. Garden vegetables are plentiful, so all things considered we are greatly blessed and really ought to consider the poor; and we do give away, without money and without price hundreds of suppers, lodgings and breakfasts, to poor and destitute way-faring men. Our potato crop never looked better but hay will be scarce. This may be remedied by cutting and shocking our corn. Three young Brethren paid us a short but very agreeable visit lately viz. Augustus Fredrick, William Beckwith and Pernell Berry. They came up on bicycles. On their return they made sixteen miles in one hour and forty-five minutes. They expressed themselves highly pleased with their visit. We are always glad whenever we are able to minister to the comfort and satisfaction of any of our good friends of other Societies, ii The Nation appears to be struggling in the throes of a revolution. But God runs the Universe, and I am sure He will manipulate the destiny of the same in wisdom and in love. The whole trouble with the Nation in one word is selfishness, and whether the Lord will give it rope enough and time enough to hang itself, remains THE MANIFESTO. 171 to be seen. A happier culmination than that however is to be devoutly hoped for. The policy at present like that of the Allopathic Doctors is to treat the symptoms; not cure the disease. But Mother Ann said, 'Believers have nothing to do with it.' Thank God for that. I was delighted with that article written by a twelve year old girl. I was a great observer and admirer of birds and even many insects when I was young. Also of the pretty gray squirrels and the little striped fellows that lived in the ground. I also used to take note of the periods, when different birds arrived. But O what a delightful time I had when I studied Botany. To wander in the green woods and classify plants and flowers was quite a little heaven for me. Let me tell all the girls and boys that these innocent experiences and observations will be much better in later life than vanity and folly which afterward give to memory no pleasant reminiscences, but a melancholy harvest of vain regrets. O C. Hampton. Pleasant Hill, Ky. June, 1894. We are enjoying good health, for which we return thanks, to the 'Giver of all good.' Truly we do live in a chnnce world, for in the month of May we had chilling winds and frosts to blight what little remained to us. A writer said 'this is a Rose winter.' The rose, in all her queenly beauty, looked out of place when the mercury was at 38 and 41 deg. A snow 33^ inches deep fell on the twentieth of May. The wheat which was so heavy and tall bent by the pressure and for days the grain crops were prostrate. The wheat is doing fairly well, but the rye is injured, and will have to be cut by hand. The beautiful days that we now have are suggestive of the wonderful power of the Creator, who has made this beautiful earth for man. Then why not live to praise him with our hearts' best gifts and with the brightjstars be found singing,'The Hand that made us is divine.' The June Man ifesto gave us much comfort and to all the writers we say 'come again.' James W. Shelton.