COLUMBIAN LIBERTY AND PEACE BELL. By Cecelia DeVere. Thou art the symbol of the inward bell That pleads and teaches with the still small voice, But strikes the hour for action with a swell That wakes the spirit to heroic choice. Ring out, 0 blessed bell a tocsin sound To call brave warriors to the Cause of Peace! To make all earth for once, a battle ground Through whose triumphant victories wrong shall cease I Ring loud, O ring the very wrath of God I Omniscient zeal, that naught of evil brooks, True as the plummet, sure as measuring rod, Devoid of fancies, free from schemes and crooks. Bring love baptismal, bring the vital strength That Michael and his angels had of old ! Till clothed in her right mind the earth at length Shall know the fabled, dreamed of Age of Gold. Ring fearless peals, to thunder far and wide With leveling force like horns of Jericho! Ring out in earnest, heaven is on thy side, Till bastile, fort and citadel are low I Ring shame upon the navies of the deep I Those monsters for iniquity, those floating hells, O'er which the pitying angels pause and weep, 'While demon pride each rivaling nation swells. Ring shame that Carnage with its blood-red hand Presents the engines used in Christian might, That would be spurned from darksome Horror-Land, As far too evil for plutonian night. Ring till the Christian bells in steeple tower, O'er Legislative halls, and Learning's fane, O'er mart, and mine, and factory own thy power, And vibrate with the justice of thy strain. Till heathen lands their passion-rousing din, Shall silence for thy chimes so pure and blest, When war retreats with legion hosts of sin, Thy music then, shall 'charm the savage breast.' THE MANIFESTO. 153 Ring soft and low vsweet gratitude and prayer, Ring 'Peace on Earth,' so sadly long delayed, God's joyful band again shall thrill the air, Mid love-bought glory that shall never fade. As human hearts their angel-hood disclose, The desert wastes in fruitfulness shall sing; The wildernesses blossom as the rose, And all the bells of Heaven with thee shall ring. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.