Enfield, N. H. June, 1894. We are just emerging from a three weeks' season of almost perpetual rain. It had been predicted that rain would fall every day for forty days, and we had almost concluded that at last a reliable weather prophet had been discovered. Happily we are disappointed, as the weather is again clear, though uncomfortably warm. Our crops are all planted, and if the seed has not been injured we hope for bountiful harvests. The summer season has commenced, and visitors are beginning to throng our Office. Could we but gather one out of every hundred that comes, we should feel a degree of satisfaction. As it is at present, people come to see the sights not even caring to learn our real object in living the Community life. So long as curiosity is the prompting spirit, our harvest will be light. Honest investigators are few and far between. However, few though our number may be, we know the principles that underlie our faith, are built on a sure foundation, and we take for our motto, the adage,'Be sure you are right; then go ahead.' O. H. Kirkley. North Family. June, 1894. When meditating upon the varied experiences which have been effectual in educating our minds and ruling our lives to our ideal of faith and life, how we are reminded of the wisdom of the law of cause and effect, the great factor which gilds life with a halo of happiness or bedims it with the rust of heart anguish. THE MANIFESTO. 169 Are not these visitations of joy or sorrow the just reapings of our daily life? preventatives, that depraved nature may not run rampant upon the broad way, aids to strengthen our better nature in being able to pluck the fruits of the Spirit along the narrow way of Christian duty; ever reminding us that the Christian life must emit spiritualizing and educating influences, while the reverse plunges the soul into a chasm of moral darkness. While we do not depend upon a Shakespeare to dramatize life's duties, or a Whittier to poetize life in song, yet we do need a master mind of judicial discernment and appreciation of divine and human realities, combined with true soul consistency, the sweet and rare life poem of active goodness. As the late frequent rain visits give us hope of a good hay crop, even so do all visits from gospel friends help to brighten our lives. Though short the call of our esteemed Br. Benjamin Gates, (on business) yet the hand grasp and the pleasant salutation (given to the writer, tarrying on the way-side from the pasture) was cheering. The promise of a real visit in a not far distant day we record on memory's page. Realizing a ready sale for butter, we dispense with our usual cheese industry this season. All of our farm products give evidence of good crops. George H. Baxter.