Books and Papers. Phrenological Journal and Science of Health Among the features that merit special consideration in the June number of The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health, is an article on the Faculty of Language, illustrated; a plirenograph by the editor on Miss Susan B. Anthony, that will doubtless be read by many who are now interested in the movement for Woman Suffrage; a sketch of the characteristics of Ancient Man, with views of his skull form ; the Ethics of Jealousy; Character Studies, including a brilliant plirenograph of Miss Florence Rockwell, a young dramatic artist, by Professor Sizer, and How to Study Strangers. The fresh installment of Phrenological Biography involves the late eminent writer John Neal and Dr. B. A. Parnell. In Child Culture a pleasing sketch of certain phases of domestic experience has the heading of 'Three Visits.' In the health department, Sir Andrew Clark's Advice, Chinese Ladies' Feet and Effects of Quinine are very suggestive. The editorials have a crisp, pertinent relation to the tlay as indicated by their titles, Sir Walter Scott's Head, The Handwriting on the Wall, Ballot for Women. A variety of other items and references is included in an admirable combination. 15 cents a number, $1.50 a year. Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 25 East Twenty-first street, New York. To Make Currant Jelly. When making currant jelly, select freshlygathered currants which are not over-ripe; mash and squeeze them through a jelly bag. Put the juice into a porcelain-lined kettle and stand over a brisk fire; let boil for twenty minutes; add a pound of sugar for every pint of juice, and stir until it dissolves. Skim; bring to a boil; take from the fire; put in glasses anil stand aside to jelly. A little of the liquid can be tried in a glass before taking up, and if it does not jelly it may be boiled a few minutes longer. A clear, lighter-colored jelly can be made by using white and red currants. To make English currant jelly, take ripe currants; do not pick from the stems; weigh, and allow half a pound of sugar to every pound of currants. Put the fruit into a preserve kettle; mash and stir over the fire for twenty-five minutes. Take up; strain through a flannel bag. Wash the kettle, put the juice in it, let come to a boil and add the sugar; stir until dissolved; take from the fire; pour in glasses; let cool and cover. June Ladies' Home Journal. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. Contents. June. Some Phrenological Characteristics of A. J. Clausen; Diphtheria; Who are the Heathen; Anti-Vaccination; An Appeal for the Protection of Children; The Pride of the Company, etc., etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo, Ind. A Square Talk to Young Men about the Inspiration of the Bible A Square Talk to Young Men about the Inspiration of the Bible. A book bearing a title so singular as the above must attract the attention of an interested reader. A Square talk about the Bible would signify thtit it is a straight forward and fair illustration of the subject. The work contains about one hundred pages, and has been written so simply that even the common people can read it with pleasure; and to show the interest that has been taken in the little book the Publisher says that more than two millions of copies have gone abroad into the world. We will now let the 'Square Talk' speak for itself and you will see how nicely it does it. 'Suppose for example, all the good people of this town should try the Bible, say for a single year. Suppose you start to-night, and say, 'We have heard about that book, and now we will begin and practice its teachings just one year.' 'What would be the result? There would be no lying, no stealing, no selling rum, no getting drunk, no Jtattling, no mischief making, no gossipping, no vice, no debauchery. Every man would be a good man, and every woman a good woman.' After having been so extensively circulated through the world, the good work of this little Book must be far beyond calculation. Read it and see for yourself. Published by H. L. Hastings, Boston, Mass. 'INTERPRETING PROPHECY' AND THE 'Appearing of Christ,' 'INTERPRETING PROPHECY' AND THE 'Appearing of Christ,' is the title of a neat little pamphlet of some forty pages, just sent out by A. G. Hollister of Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. The many at the present time who are interested in the fulfillment of prophecy and in its mathematical calculation, will find themselves by the side of the good old prophet Daniel, and with him illustrating the Coming of Christ so clearly that no occasion can arise for the least doubt. Price, 10 cts.