Union Village, O. June, 1894. Our spring and summer so far have been uncommonly cold, with light, cold rains quite frequently. Our wheat and barley will be good crops, so will corn and oats if we have no more frosts. This is our third year without fruit of any kind but a few strawberries. Garden vegetables are plentiful, so all things considered we are greatly blessed and really ought to consider the poor; and we do give away, without money and without price hundreds of suppers, lodgings and breakfasts, to poor and destitute way-faring men. Our potato crop never looked better but hay will be scarce. This may be remedied by cutting and shocking our corn. Three young Brethren paid us a short but very agreeable visit lately viz. Augustus Fredrick, William Beckwith and Pernell Berry. They came up on bicycles. On their return they made sixteen miles in one hour and forty-five minutes. They expressed themselves highly pleased with their visit. We are always glad whenever we are able to minister to the comfort and satisfaction of any of our good friends of other Societies, ii The Nation appears to be struggling in the throes of a revolution. But God runs the Universe, and I am sure He will manipulate the destiny of the same in wisdom and in love. The whole trouble with the Nation in one word is selfishness, and whether the Lord will give it rope enough and time enough to hang itself, remains THE MANIFESTO. 171 to be seen. A happier culmination than that however is to be devoutly hoped for. The policy at present like that of the Allopathic Doctors is to treat the symptoms; not cure the disease. But Mother Ann said, 'Believers have nothing to do with it.' Thank God for that. I was delighted with that article written by a twelve year old girl. I was a great observer and admirer of birds and even many insects when I was young. Also of the pretty gray squirrels and the little striped fellows that lived in the ground. I also used to take note of the periods, when different birds arrived. But O what a delightful time I had when I studied Botany. To wander in the green woods and classify plants and flowers was quite a little heaven for me. Let me tell all the girls and boys that these innocent experiences and observations will be much better in later life than vanity and folly which afterward give to memory no pleasant reminiscences, but a melancholy harvest of vain regrets. O C. Hampton.