Shaker Station, Conn. June, 1894. Our Pleasant Hill correspondent in April Manifesto says, 'A word kindly spoken, a smile, or a small act of charity or mercy has started many a poor wanderer on the highway to true felicity, who otherwise might have sunk beneath a weight of sin and discouragement.' Very true, the happiness of life is made up of little things, little courtesies, good deeds, good wishes, friendly letters, genial smiles, pleasant words, and little kindnesses. The little things that make up life come each day and hour. If we make the most of life and its possibilities for goodness then is the whole life beautiful and good. In the little things the heart speaks from its fu'lncss. True greatness consists in beinj gi-eat in little things. The pleasant interchange of good deeds builds up happiness. It is the little moments well improved, the little deeds well done that make up the sum of a virtuous life. The little things of everyday life have a bearing on the endless life beyond. Let us think of that. One reason why some people find it so hard to live a Christian life is because they devote so little time to it. It is one of our golden opportunities to watch and pray. Nothing is more beautiful than purity, it was this that made our Savior's character divine. Avoid all that leads to sin. is a command of no small import. ******* Our new well, drilled 167 ft. in the s did rock, affords a great supply of excellent water for all purposes. This is a blessing that we can not too highly prize. A drilled well is perfectly reliable in dry weather, as it does not depend upon rain to keep up the required amount of water. Our white multiplier onions are a success and they are rightly named, for as many as fourteen fair sized onions may be produced from a single bulb; very desirable for table use. Try them. There are many little details connected with poultry growing, which if neglected, will affect the profits decidedly. An important matter is thrift. Economy should be practiced in feeding, giving only what will be eaten at each meal. The more the food of the laying hen is varied the better will be its health. Daniel Orcutt.