ZION. By Watson Andrews. [The following verses were given from or received from beyond the veil. The name of the control was not given, and that of the medium is withheld by request.] Lo! in wrapped silence, 'mid bright, rural scenes, Fair Zion sits, the virgin Queen of queens. Lo ! from 'the Mount' her living waters flow ; A thousand hearts, their healing virtues know; A thousand souls, drink and are satisfied, And know, and love the risen Groom and Bride; And know and love each other in the Lord, A dual Priesthood;Such the gift of God. This holy union, male and female joined In gospel order, as of yore designed-, And symbolized in Israel,chosen name, As seen by Moses, on the mount of flame, And wrought in needle-work and beaten gold, And fine twined linen fabrics, fold on fold; A Tabernacle, type of that to come, When Christ should bring again his Zion Home; When in the mighty power and gift of God, 156 THE MANIFESTO. The Mother spirit, with the living Word, Should mark and mortify the seat of sin, And with a holy zeal, should usher in The Second Advent; Woman's virgin reign For lack of which, the ancient church in vain Essayed to stand, but failed and fell away; The faithful waiting for the Latter Day. This latter day of glory now begun, When not the Father only, and the Son ; But Mother and a Daughter, four in One, Should be revealed, a family Divine, To such high lineage we trace our line, Whose 'image and whose likeness' since we bear, Their 'image and their likeness' we declare. 'The things invisible, of Him,Paul said, Are seen and understood, by what is made.' The world of nature, being God manifest. Thus proven this question should forever rest. Nor still exclude, in sheer absurdity, The female nature from the Deity. But such the darkening power of priestly art; And such the nature of the woman heart; She dreads to think the world is all astray, On this, and kindred questions of the day. What she would have, offended nature gave, And with that gift, the doom to be a slave, Until the light of gospel truth should shine Into her servile heart, with power Divine; Until, in all the strength of Jachin, she Should rise and slay her deadly enemy ; Should crucify original desire, Baptizing 'with the holy Ghost and fire.' The Cross of Christ; the risen Savior's life ; The 'sacrifice of husband, children, wife ;' 'Of lands and chattels, selfish will and way;' Such the baptism of the woman's day. Away with cant; away with priestly guile; Away with subtle reasoning's specious wile; Away with lukewarm folly, idle ease : The damp of death o'er Zion, comes of these. Be not deceived, we reap whate'er we sow Whate'er we cultivate, we surely grow. If light and life; a knowledge of the way; THE MANIFESTO. 157 A faith unshaken in the Mother's day ; A faith unshaken in her precious word; In Ziou's Order as the gift of God, We cultivate ; we've nothing then to fear ; Such consecration, brings the kingdom near ; But if instead, we lend a willing ear To the seductive cry, Lo here ! Lo there ! We're liable to drift, we know not where. Union Village, O.