To Jennie H. Fish, East Canterbury, N. H.... San Francisco, Cal., April 29, 1894. To Jennie H. Fish, East Canterbury, N. H. Dear Sister:Your gentle and loving letter came in proper season and gave me a reminder that though far away, we of California are not forgotten; and as to-day is Sunday I will improve the opportunity to drop you a few lines of acknowledgement. I dare say the time of such Sisters as are consecrated to a spiritual and heavenly life is very largely taken up during their spare moments in writing to and answering inquiries of outside friends and seekers after truth. I fear I have been too selfish in monopolizing so much of the time that might have been given to others, and so I have determined not to do so any more and to be fully satisfied with what the Lord may inspire any of you with from time to time. And as none of you seem to be set apart for active and aggressive work in this Western Gospel field, I shall not bother you with calls for aid or co-workers with me. I fully realize that you have become so fixed and settled in your present mode of life and worship that it would take more effort and labor to overcome the inertia and quietude you now enjoy, and get you started into a spiritual avalanche, than would be needed in fully converting a society which has no faith nor doctrine and setting it on its feet in the gospel road of salvation. How much wasted effort there is in life. I can look back and see how had I concentrated my work day by day, instead of scattering it here and there, I should ere this have gathered many precious sheaves. Then, too, I have wasted much precious time waiting for others to make up their minds what they would do as to co-operating, etc. Situated as I am so far from the ruling and leading spirits of our movement it takes much time waiting for advice, which often when it comes is not to the point nor does it cover the question. Consequently another letter must be written and an answer awaited. 158 THE MANIFESTO. Since the present generation of Believers have never been through a great revival and reformation of spiritual power, their own experience does not fit them for the tremendous issues now before the world. In all the great questions of the coming age, the majority of Believers have no practical knowledge and consequently little practical sympathy. So to disturb their quiet sleep and rest and their dreams of security would be of very little use, and would only provoke needless discussion and friction. Prayers are good only when they proceed out from the life and are backed by practical works. A man may pray for his crops to grow or for his clothes to be made, but unless he puts his 'hands to work' he will go hungry and naked. So it is with any church society. They may moan and pray for an increase in numbers and power, but unless backed up by active work out among the fields white with ripe blossoms, there will be no response. But when a people become fixed and immovable like the 'pillar of salt' into which Lot's wife was changed, though once a live active woman and a power for good. God is accustomed to raise up a new people and the former is left to wax old and decay away. 'He that will save his life shall lose it.' What is needed is a new demonstration of that love of man and God, which will convince unbelievers and skeptics that Jesus Christ is alive, and as ever laying down that life for his enemies. Love is the power that must break every yoke, and until you convince sinners that God;Man loves them you can never convert them. You may bring them under the fear of the Law, but that is all. And in that condition 'all that they have will they give for their lives,' but there is no salvation in it. May the Lord grant unto us one and all the spirit and power of the gentle, loving Jesus of Nazareth 'who went about doing good and healing all those oppressed of the devil.' One thing is as certain as that God is true, and that is that of the present form of Christian religion, no matter under what name, 'Not one stone shall be left standing upon another,' God has spoken. In the meantime we must do our duty, day by day just as though we were to continue a thousand years. What our hands find to do let us do it with all our might. As to what the outcome will be of the movement on this coast, God only knows. I have the names and addresses of about thirty persons who are interested in 'the way, the truth, and the life.' I have circulated most of the literature sent me, all of which went where asked for, and none was wasted. Have held no meetings as I have not known what to depend upon from the East, and could give no definite information to inquirers. Sister Cornelia Powers is in much the same condition regarding her home family at Watervliet. They are in much the same state of mind there as you are. As THE MANIFESTO. 159 St. Paul says in Rom. vii., 18, 'For to will is present with me but how to perform that which is good I find not.' There is but one way out of the difficulty, 'I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord.' The cross of self-denial and following him who laid down his life for us. This is for the church as a whole. I have determined by the grace of God that hereafter I shall take my cross as the Lord gives it to me, looking only to the Author and finisher of my faith, Jesus Christ, that great Captain of my salvation. 'Shaking' myself free from the doctrines and commandments of men I shall cleave to him alone as he reveals ,himself to me from heaven and in his Word. I shall let God 'Shake everything that can be shaken, and that which can not be shaken will remain' which is the 'Word of God.' With kind love and a prayer for the spiritual and temporal welfare of you all who love the Lord Jesus I remain as ever Your Brother in the Gospel, Arthur W. Do we.