MY TESTIMONY. By William Bellmire. I FEEL impressed to give a testimony to all whom it may concern, as to my present and future life in the gospel of Jesus the Christ and our blessed Mother Ann who revived this soul-saving plan, which Jesus was the first to inaugurate. He set the example of self-denial, by denying himself of all THE MANIFESTO. 183 ungodliness and every worldly lust, and said emphatically 'Follow me.' I feel there is no excuse for me, as I know full well my duty which my calling binds me to; hence I shall hereafter, all the days of my life, live a life of true holiness in word, thought and deed. Thirty years of my life were wasted, by sowing to the flesh. 'For he that soweth to 'his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the spirit shall of the spirit reap life everlasting.' Gal. vi., 8. In Romans viii., 1, we read 'There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, (those who are living and walking as he walked) who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit.' 'So then they that are in the flesh (in its demoralizing and degrading works) can not please God.' Rom. viii., 8. How often young people entertain the delusive idea that thei'e is surely great enjoyment in a worldly, sensual life, else the whole world would not engage in such a life. But my many years of service in it, have proved that it is a sad failure and prevents you from gaining life eternal. It is easy to hold in submission the rippling rill, but the sturdy billows of the ocean are beyond our control. So it is with all of the passions and appetites of the body, it is easy to control them while in our youth, if we only make the effort; but if we allow them to control us, they become our master and then we become slaves. I shall bear and do bear a testimony against this great sin on every occasion and by so doing I shall ultimately overcome even as he overcame. I often think of a hymn I learned when a youth: 'How many souls have wandered from Zion's lovely shore, By yielding here a little and there a little more; For one I am resolved I never will retreat Nor yield to Satan's flattery no matter what I meet' Had I not yielded a little here and a little there to temptation, I would be in your midst to-day. Brethren and Sisters, I desire your prayers, your help and your blessing each day to help me live a consecrated life to God.