[From a Sermon of J. W. Chadwick.l THE WELL-KEPT HEART. That is one of the dangers of our socialistic dreaming, often so far remote from any possible improvement of society at the present time, that it disdains all individual effort to make wrong things right. It is so much easier to write Utopian articles, or even to read them, than it is, beginning just exactly where you are, to do something 'to widen the skirts of light,' to make social sympathy a living power, though in the humblest way. Believe me, there are men and women who write no utopian books or articles who are doing more for the advancement of the good time coming than those who write the best of these, because in their business, manufacturing or household care they are THE MANIFESTO. 195 maintaining a strictly honest, just and generous and human relation to those who are related to them in the habitual order of their lives. The well-kept heartit is the heart that is kin 1, the heart that is pure, the heart tliat is courageous, the heart that is steadfast, firm, immovable in its devotion to the good and true. How keep the heart in this desirable estate? I do not know of any better way of doing it than that prescribed by the apostle, or whoever wrote to the Philippians, 'Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honorable, whatsoever tilings are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report, it' there be any virtue and if there be any pr use, think on these things.'1'' So far, so good; but what remains is better still, 'The good things which ye have learned and received and heard and seen, these things do.' Here is the whole counsel of wisdom relating to this matter. You know tho things that keep the heart from weakness and from sin. You know the influences, the books, the men, that have in them the power of blessing and of peace, and you know those as well that have in them the power to smite and kill. With which will you ally yourselves? Will you submit yourselves to those which you know, if you know anything, will aggravate your evil tendency, or to those which will as certainly rally the good there is in you to struggle and to mastery? There are influences, there are books, there are men and women, with which and whom we can not ally ourselves without degeneration of those springs of action upon which the good of life depends. Let us avoid them as we would that cavern's mouth which Dante saw with the inscription, 'All hope abandon, ye who enter here.' There are influences, there are books, there are men and women, to ally ourselves with which and whom can only make for righteousness and peace and joy. Let us ally ourselves with these, and in no lukewarm fashion. If they threaten to elude us, let us wrestle with them, like Jacob in the Hebrew stv&gt;ry with the angel in the dark, until we have made their strength our own', until they have given us their blessing. When I think of the good influences of which we might avail ourselves, of the good men and women ready to give us of their love and strength, of the good books, the poems, the essays, the histories, the biographies, that set forth the fidelities and n-&gt;Lilities of t'ie human heart, it seems as if we were without excuse if our hearts remain as an unweeded garden, where things rank and foul obstruct the growth of what is fair and sweet. But to think on these things, however patiently and earnestly, is not enough. The good things which you have received and learned and heard and seen, these things do. There is no other way. All the delights of admiration will leave you sentimental, will leave you hard and cold and ineffectual, if you do not address yourselves with steady purpose and unconquerable will to reproduce in your own lives the fidelities and nobilities to which you have been drawn in literature and in life.