HISTORY OF SOUTH UNION, KY. No. 10. HTAECEMBER 4. Rumors are afloat that the Confederacy is intend1 J'vng to include the Believers among those to be drafted. This is to us a day of great anxiety, as it forces some of the Brethren to leave home and go to Union Village, in Ohio. One of the young Brethren became so sensitive on the subject of being forced into the Confederate army, that it unfitted him for business. He then determined to move to a northern state. He traveled to Morgantown, Green River, Hartford and on to Louisville. The Brethren liberally furnished him with money to defray his expenses. At Louisville, he bought two barrels of lard oil and one of kerosine. Several other articles were also purchased at the same time. These he brought on to Owensborough, but we could not get anything through the Confederate army at Bowling Green. A hired colored man was sent to Green River, for the goods, and fortunately returned with them, all safe. Dec. 8. Two soldiers of the Confederacy call, and the morning is very cold. They have a two horse wagon. One of them entered the Trustees' Office and said he would like to buy an overcoat, as it was so cold. One was passed to him which he could have for five dollars. The soldier put the coat on and said it was just a fit, and he was well suited but could only pay two dollars in Confederate notes. The Brethren wished to be paid in good money. He then pocketed his bill and started off saying, 'I will not pay anything.' Pulling the coat around him, he seemed to view it with much satisfaction, and returning to his wagon, drove off toward Bowling Green. It rather pleased me to see the poor fellow pull the coat about him and see him step off so proudly with the long coat tails switching about his heels. AUGUST 174 THE MANIFESTO. Indeed, I pitied the man, as I believe he would have suffered from the cold, without that extra garment. We now thought it wise to take a little more c .re in regard to lh2 safety of our clothing. As the weather is very mid we had a large number of nice white and also grey blankets that we shouLl not need a* pr sent. Other goods were also carefully laid away, lest in an untimely hour, so.ne of these wandering characters might break into the house-* and steal them. Another soldier asked us to give him a blanket. He was a poo;1 mm, by the name of Clark and lives about four miles distant from our Village. He had joined the southern army and was bgging because he was very needy. We provided him with a good blanket, for which he expressed many thanks. One hundred and fourteen wagons with army stores passed through the Village. These were followed by a company of Cavalry. Then more wagons came along and this tramming was kept up till midnight. One of the Brethren ascertained that not less than twelve hundred camped on our grounds during the night. Jan. 23. The artillery company leave early this morning for Russellville. A large number of army wagons pass during the day. The Sisters are kept busy baking bread and other articles for the soldiers. One company must have some roast turkey, and at seven p. m., a company ordered a chicken stew. Jan. 24. Every thing pertaining to our own home, that can be consistently, is allowed to rest quietly, and the attention of all who are able is engaged in the service of the army. The Brethren are obliged to prepare an extra amount of fire wood and also to spend much time in looking after the multiplied wants of the soldiers. The cars, filled with soldiers, are running day and night. The officers who are with us are ignorant of all this moving of the soldiers from place to place. A train of thirty cars pass the Village, at the close of the day, filled with Infantry. Hideous yells rend the air, till the cars are some distance from us. A company of five armed men ride up to the office, and say they want to buy some cloth, but when they ascertain that a regiment of Cavalry are stationed at our Village they decline the purchase and suddenly leave the place. The Officers say that they were not soldiers, but were robbers, and if any more call while they are on the place they will arrest them. By our kind attention to the soldiers we have gained their good will and they now protect us against marauders. Some fifteen or twenty Officers have been permitted to board at the Trustees' Office, by their urgent request. One day as they were leaving the table, one of the Officers remarked to the Sister present,'Madam, I fear you will kill us with so much good food.' She replied:'Better that than with a bullet.' While the soldiers were at our home Elder John Rankin and Br. Urban Johns were constantly engaged in attending to their calls and in taking care THE MANIFESTO. 175 of the premises. Several of our Sisters were sick with the measles which brought an extra labor upon us, and a constant anxiety occupied the mind, for the safety of our property. The unsettled condition of the country was an opportunity for lawless characters to be prowling around, and stealing whatever might fall in their way. At noon an old man partially crazed with excitement, called at the Office and demanded dinner for himself and several Texan Rangers. The Brethren advised him to go to the Hotel, about a mile distant. At this he clinched his fist and threatened to strike Elder John Rankin. He then insisted that the Brethren should furnish nim with a buggy, but being told that we could not, the company left the place, and soon meeting one of the Brethren with a horse and buggy, they took the buggy from him and gave him thirty dollars in Confederate scrip. The Brother took the money and came home and considered himself fortunate to have saved the horse. Jan. 25. The army still remain with us, and seem to consider themselves in good luck to obtain such excellent fare. The Brethren have persuaded the Colonel to send some of the Cavalry to another place as they have consumed and destroyed all the corn, hay and oats that were stored in the barn. In the evening some of the Officers went to the house of Dr. R- - - - - -and demanded him to furnish several hundred weight of beef for the soldiers ; but the doctor was not of the class who gave something for nothing. One day he brought a firkin of butter. On being asked the price he said he should charge fifty cents a pound. The soldiers denounced him as an abolitionist. In a short time Col. Nixon, who may be called a southern gentleman, came along and asked the price of the butter. Dr. R- - - - - -said fifty cents. The Col. took the butter, without any words, and may have paid for it at a later date. The Brethren have opened a little store at the Trustees' Office, and are doing quite a business with the soldiers. Almost every kind of food that we can spare finds a ready sale. The soldiers bring flour and exchange it for bread, or pie or potatoes and seem very grateful. Jan. 26. The beef that was demanded of Dr. R- - - - - -yesterday, has not ride over to his mansion and order his negroes to harness the horses and haul the beef to Shaker town. This is a severe reprimand to the doctor, although he has treated others the same way. He thought it was very uncourteous to send armed men to his house on Sunday, to demand the beef. He did not like the appearance of being forced. The Officer passed the doctor a Confederate note, in payment, and then made sport of him. The family of one of our neighbors are all sick with the measles, and two Sisters go to assist them. Most of our children are confined with the same disease. been sent according to promise, and about twelve armed men and an Officer 176 THE MANIFESTO. Jan. 27. John McC- - - - - -hauled a load of oats to the army. The forage master asked John how many bundles were ou the load. 'Five hundred,' said John. Comack said 'I do not think there are more than four hundred.' 'Well,' John said,, 'suppose you put it down five hundred and I will bring you a bottle of liquor in the morning.' The forage master went to Col. Nixon and informed him of the interview. The Col. laughed at Comack, and said he ought, to have had a harder face than to be put off in that way. Poor John, he paid dear for his whistle, as the soldiers laughed at him and called him many unpleasant names for pretending to be a good secesh friend, and then trying to swindle the government that he was professing to support. Jan. 28. Col. Scott leaves with a company of soldiers for Russellville, and we are interested to have them go as soon as consistent. Col. Nixon and one hundred and twenty-one soldiers remain at the Village. Nixon was formerly the Editor of the New Orleans Crescent. Some of the Officers are very much interested in the stock and speak in praise of the herd of cows, and the nice barn in which they are kept. (To be continued.)