NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. June. Thermometer. Ruin. 1893. 67.8 1.5in. 1894. 63.9 1.4' Highest Temp, during this mo. 92. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 38. ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 8. )) clear )) i ? 11 4. ) cloudy 17 ? 1 5) 18. r. (7. Heed July, 1894. Growing, growing. Vegetation seems to be on the jump. Just sunshine and shower enough to make a perfect growth. Our hillsides take kindly to every variety of weather. The blasting east storm of May, did not injure the fruit blossoms. Cherries are abundant, large and fair. Two and a half and three inches in circumference, are a common measure of cherries from some trees. One thing to be observed in passing through the fruit orchards is, that whenever a tree fails, either by age or disease, it is removed and a new growth takes its place; thus giving a hope of a continuous supply of fruit. It often costs the pomologist a pang, to hew down a bearing plum or cherry tree, because of the black knot; but as there is no better remedy for one thoroughly infected, down it comes, and a healthy tree fills the vacancy, with an assurance that hereafter the disease will be attended to as soon as it appears. Does not this teach us the lesson, that to be thrifty in spiritual fruits, every moral disease must be eradicated; for if, 'Angels wait on Providence And mark the sundered places To graft with gentlest instrument^ The heavenly graces.' Should we not work with them? Sti'awberries have yielded well for a second year's growth. Fifteen bushels have been taken from the vines, and berries four and a half inches in circumference were numerous, while a few measured five and even five and a half inches. The vegetable garden under the care of Elder Calvin, and the root garden adjoining, are an honor to the workers therein, and a pleasure to the beholders. Often observing our faithful Elder Joseph out as early as the birds, and late in the evening, using every moment that can be spared from his spiritual duties, to assist where the burdens lie heaviest, we are led back in thought through the century wliich has witnessed the building up of our Communities and can readily see where the success lay, which transformed a swampy wilderness to our now comparatively fertile plateau. There is no measure of time for labor in any real home. Stated hours belong to the hireling, whose employer's interest is not his. Still it is a positive duty to so wisely garner our strength that we may not fail when most needed. 187 188 THE MANIFESTO. We were lately cheered by a few hours visit from Elder George Wilcox and Eldress Sophia Copley, of Enfield, Conn., and if 'short visits make long friends' our friendship stands a chance to be very much j elongated in these days of fast movements. Our Central Ministry leave us on the 11th inst. for another prolonged absence, to be missed so much; for with all the spiritual strength extended, their hands are ever active to lend temporal aid, proving that 'I serve' is a kingly motto, and the way royal to human hearts.' Amelia J. Culver. North Family. July, 1894. On the evening of June 26th, our family had the pleasure of the presence of our beloved Ministry Sisters and Br. Alonzo Hollister during an informal and entertaining talk of an hour and a half with our old and esteemed friend, Dr. Dewey of New York. The doctor remarked that he understood and experienced the religious impulses, motives, and inspiration of the higher or spiritual life, and desired most earnestly to impress upon us the importance the life and principles we stand for to be to humanity at large, and to encourage us in the high cause to which we are consecrating our lives. He would, in the presence of a company so much more able to speak upon the experimental and practical side of religious life, occupy the time he had in presenting ideas from the philosophical and intellectual standpoint, whicl might stimulate thought and be interesting as leading up to and supporting the same principles. It has been said 'True religion and true philosophy must ultimately arrive at the same conclusions.' What better definition can religion give than the philosopher Plato, who defines pure love as a 'pure spiritual love, free from carnal desires, having regard to the excellencies of the mind only.' Dr. Dewey believes in the law of evolution. In the rise, not in the fall of man. He believes that all things have souls, or a spiritual prototype. We notice that recent scientific investigators are inclining to the spiritual rather than the mechanical origin and evolution of life. The late Prof. Tyndall writes, 'Two courses, and only two, are possible. Either let us open our doors freely to the conception cf creative acts, or abandoning them let us radically change our notions of matter. If we look at matter as defined for generations in our scientific text books, the absolute impossibility of any form of life coming out of it would be sufficient to render any other hypothesis preferable. But the definitions of matter given in our scientific text books were intended to cover its purely physical and mechanical properties, and, taught as we have been to regard these definitions as complete, we naturally and rightly reject the monstrous notion that out of such matter any form of life could possibly arise. Dr. Dewey's belief is that the planets were projected and all species of life evolved for the sustenance and production of man as a medium and instrument for the expression of the Divine Mind (God) which he believes to be pure spirit, impersonal, the projector, energizer, life principle of all created things and inspirer of man. That the quickening of the vital spark of the Divine Mind in man, the consciousness of spiritual unity and responsibility, is awakened in souls in all conditions of environment, that it is not conditional upon a degree of preparedness, (here the doctor was closely questioned) that it immediately produces a change of heart, is a birth, but the full stature of man as a spiritual being is not attained until he has risen out of all selfishness and carnal desire and lives wholly in the moral and spiritual qualities of his being. The doctor spoke of the five physical senses and also a sixth and seventh sense, the sixth intuitional, the seventh the sense or consciousness of the through-flowing of the Holy Spirit. He believes heaven to be a condition of union and harmony, that THE MANIFESTO. 189 man can not reach this condition of himself, but must do so in union with his God and in fellowship with his brother. The idea of re-incarnation is repulsive to the doctor's mind. He believes in the illimitable possibiliti s of the progress of man under divine inspiration. ? God is and always has been a moral idea. God is that moral power, n&gt;t ourselves which makes for righteousness. Jesus gave the world an inspiring and consoling idea when he taught humanity to think of and pray to God as our Father. Mother Ann completed the idea when she revealed the Mother Spirit in Deity, giving us a still more loving, intimate, and sympathetic idea of the love and wisdom of the Divine Mind. Visiting us at the same time were two lady friends. One of them H. Rathburn, an earnest worker in the woman suffrage cause, read the following evening a very interesting paper on Woman's Sphere. We give our blessing and words of encouragement to all workers in a righteous cause. A company of four Sisters and one Brother start for Enfield. Conn., to-morrow to enjoy a good gospel privilege with our generous friends there. Wiiiitr S. Sheyhei'd. South Family. July, 1894. Beloved Elder Henky: We take this opportunity to announce that our worthy Sister, Jane (Sutton) Brainard, passed away June 13th at the age of 88 yrs. and 6 mo. The funeral services were, held in the afternoon of the 15th, and lasted about two hours. The several families were well represented, over twenty members from the North family being present. Many words of praise and regard were spoken in honor of our dear Sister. Elder William remarked that he felt more in earnest to be upright and exemplary in all things, as the departed Sister had been, and not be a hindrance to others in any good work. One good Sister expressed deep affection for Sister Jane, an 1 for mxuy other aged ones who have lei't the shores of time, as well as for tli.se who stiii remain with us. Eider Ciintun Brainard remarked that those who do the will of our heavenly Father, are his fathers, mothers, sisters and brothers. He also thanked the family for the kind care extended to his aged parent. We ara glad to inform you that a new pointed, iron fence will soon take the place of tiie old wooden one. This is a great necessity. We now hive the two volumes of the 'World's Parliament of Religions,' and like then very much. Last week we received Elder Henry's photograph, for which please receive our sincere thanks. I have just received another that I prize very much, that of Edward Bok, editor of 'The Ladies' Home Journal.' S-trah Collinx. Watervliet, N. Y. North Family. Jnlv, 1814. Wtitle we enjoy communing wit'i our dear Brethren and Sisters through tin medium of the 'Home Notes,' and lake great pleasure in the perusal of the communications from the different Societies, we also want to remember the old adage that, 'short visits make Ion.'; friends,' and not crowd those who aie more worthy. On our National day, the Fourth, we enjoyed a season of social communion with our gospel relation of the Society, who met in the Church grove and tasted of the good things in a material sense that were pleasing to the palate, and with diversified forms of innocent amusement, the hours passed pleasantly away until after the dinner hour, when the rain compelled an adjournment to the North family, where the balance of the day was spent in speaking pieces, reading, and in social intercourse. Such recreative seasons properly conducted, are beneficial to tue 190 THE MANIFESTO. partakers in the cultivation of the social feelings. As it is in order to note the weather, we will observe that July opened with a tropical climate. The thermometer registering at one time, 102 degrees in the shade. At pi-esent writing, the 8th, it is like autumn; this morning it stood at 55 degrees, quite cool for July. We are reaping the fruits of our labors in vegetables from the garden. The farmers are busy securing the hay crop and in plying the cultivators and hoes in the care of the farm. Hamilton DeGraw. Canaan, N. Y. July, 1894. It is truly said, 'time waits for no man.' It seems but a few weeks since 1894 was just dawning upon us, and now July, is reminding us that the harvest is near at hand. On this stony hill-side with changeable climate, if one would gain an honest livelihood he must be awake and alive to the pressing duties of each day. Our Brethren have commenced haying, and this as every good farmer knows calls forth energy and willingness on their part. Beloved Eldress Ellen from Harvard, formerly a resident of this place, has lately spent a week with us, which was very enjoyable, and I trust she returned home strengthened by the opportunity of social and spiritual interchange with many of her gospel relation, as this tends to strengthen both soul and body. Dr. Dewey from N. Y. has been spending a few days with us. His humanitarian labors will be better appreciated, and more generally accepted as the great truths they involve become demonstrated. He very kindly consented to give us several lectures, which were very edifying. . His visit afforded us much pleasure. The meeting of the Floral circle occurred on the fourth of July. It was adapted to the occasion. Several appropriate articles containing excellent ideas, were read. The younger portion of the members marched to spirited music each bearing a white flag to denote that they were followers of the Prince of Peace. The room was brightened by nicely arranged bouquets, and the evening was spent very pleasantly and profitably and afforded enjoyment to all the family. Such simple social entertainments shared at home, serves to animate and cheer every heart and thus truly give a zest to life. Angeline Brown. West Pittsfield. July, 1894. The little band at Hancock send a kindly greeting to their good Editor, and to the Brothers and Sisters in each Society. We hope there is no illness, and an abundance of happiness in the several homes. What is more inspiriting than cheerfulness? How much a bright 'Good morning!' warms the heart of the recipient, and incites him to make a happy response in like manner. The terrible 'Western Railroad Strike' serves to awaken gratitude for our quiet haven. The proprietors of Meat Markets in the adjacent city of Pittsfield complain bitterly, but Br. Ira thinks we need not, as it has been the means of effecting a very advantageous sale of his beeves. On the 30th ult. we received a short, though pleasant call from Elder George Wilcox, and Eldress Sophia Copley, of Shaker Station, Ct. We hope the old adage will prove true, 'Short visits make long friends.' The hay harvest has been very good, thus far. It is thought that potatoes also will yield fairly well. The usual lively occupants of the potato field were somewhat late in taking possession, but have since made good all lost time. The pride of all is a large and flourishing field of oats, which does indeed present a fine appearance. The fence dividing the door-yard from the public road, looks much improved since being freshly painted. Our school children are looking forward Tl IE MANIFES TO. 191 to the summer vacation, after the 13th. inst. On June 14th, our teacher and the writer, visited (by invitation) one of the Pittsfield schools. It has an attendance of one hundred and fifty pupils. In the afternoon they commemorated 'Flag Day' with appropriate exercises, which could hardly fail to fill the mind of 'Young America' with loyal and patriotic impulses. The burden of the remarks in our last Sunday service 'was the need of an awakening, and a baptism of fire that will search every heart, and bind us in consecration to Zion's interest. Emoretta Belden. Shaker Station, Conn. July, 1894. 'Blessed are the meek.' We are exhorted by precept and example, to have a meek, submissive disposition, a resigned spirit. Meekness is one of the characteristics of God's people. One of the fruits of the spirit is meekness, and we are encouraged to walk in the heavenly pathway 'with all lowliness and meekness' and to 'put on mercy, kindness, humbleness of mind, long-suffering' and to follow after righteousness, godliness, faith, love and patience. We are told if these things abound in us, we shall be dilligent, earnest workers in God's vineyard. There is no such thing as being too humble and meek. Let us increase in every virtue that will fit us for that home where we wish to go. 'Say nothing that you would not like God to hear.' 'Do nothing that you would not like God to see.' 'Write nothing that you would not like God to read.' 'Go to no place where you would not like God to find you.' 'Never spend your time in such a way, that you would not like God to say, 'What are you doing?' ' There is but one foundation for happiness, truth and purity. If the cross has been borne the crown will be worn. 'Time was, is past; thou canst not it recall. Time is, thou hast; employ the portion small. Time future, is not, and may never be; Time present, is the only time for thee.' ******* 'The processes which convert the heavy bar of pig iron into the finest cambric needles, are too manifold to enumerate, though all are interesting, perhaps most of all, the drilling of the eye. So delicate a task is this, that the skilled workman can drill a hair and pierce it with its end. Auditorium building, Chicago, length 362 feet, width 187 feet, height twenty stories, or 266 feet. Cost of structure $3, 000 000.' ****** * One of the greatest drawbacks to beginners in poultry growing, is to attempt to keep one hundred hens in a house or lot none too large for fifty. Poultry yards should be on sandy soil, if possible, in order to avoid mud on the ground, as roup is liable to affect the flocks that are kept in wet locations. Barley should be fed spairingly to laying hens, as its nature is too fattening. Daniel Orcutt. South. Family. July, 1894. How delightful to gaze upon the beauties of nature at the present time, and to listen to the music of the feathered songsters as they fill the air with peans of delight. It does not fail to call forth inspirations of love to the Giver of all good for the blessings that rest upon our lives. Whenever my heart receives such ministrations, it uplifts, strengthens and brings a peaceful influence which elevates the mind and I recognize that Power whose ways are wise; whose works are grand. As time is swiftly passing I desire to become quickened and gain a new comprehension of life and its duties. June was extremely dry and on the last day of the month a very hard shower came which was much needed, but for the new and commodious facilities for watering the 192 THE MANIFESTO. garden, tl;e effect of I lie drouth would have been more conspicuous. The strawberries were much b( nefitted by it, and made good returns with a bountiful supply of nice fruit. The peas also were made to yield a good supply, by watering. All the early vegetables have come in their season, currants and cherries quite plentiful. The corn, potatoes and tomatoes, are in good growing condition but rather later for the drouth. Our haying has just commenced, so far the weather has been propitious, so warm and dry. The prospect for apples is not favorable, although the blossoms were extremely full and promising, but the fruit is falling off while very small. Pears are looking finely. Thankfulness for the constant blessings enjoyed, should fill our hearts, knowing a Father's love keeps watch, and rest content to know his way is best. Maria Witharn. East Canterbury N. H. Weather Record for June, 1894. Highest Temp, during the month, 87 Lowest ' ' ' ' 39 Mean ' ' ' ' 06.1 Amount of rain in inches, 3.01 j\T. A. Briggs. July, 1894. On the morning of the 'Fourth,' the quiet of our Village was unbroken, although the booming of cannon in the distance could be distinctly heard. Later on, or at the school hour, agreeably to the approval of our S. S. C, the timehonored Independence Day was observed by our pupils, who treated their older friends to an appropriate entertainment of recitations, dialogues and songs. The selections were well made and adapted to the youthful understanding, as well as calculated to impress upon their minds, the importance of the event which our nation commemorates. The school-room was decorated with flags manufactured by the pupils, to represent the different nations, and also with original, historic drawings on blackboards tt hand, prominent among which was the 'Liberty Bel],' while the star spangled banner, 'Emblem of peace' floated gracefully over all. A 'picnic' in the grove followed the morning exercises, which was highly enjoyed by our deserving little boys, as well as was the rural dinner by some of larger growth. The 'regulation'' shower which occurred at about 1 p. m. was not a novelty, and did not dampen the children's ardor in the least, for to them it was a holiday full of pleasant happenings. The silo, which was in process of construction at last writing, is completed, apparently awaiting the growth of future ensilage. Our Brethren are now actively engaged in the hay field, with but slight assistance from hired help. May God bless every such worthy enterprise. The Sisters, meantime, are harvesting and canning small fruits. Gooseberries and currants, especially, promise an abundant yield. Not less than fifty bushels of the former are anticipated. Athletic goods and socks are net in great demand at present. The wide-spread depression of business in our country, affects our leading industries very seriously. Yet we have abundant evidence that 'God helps those who help themselves,' and also, that if we are careful to 'seek first the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness' which we mean to do, all needful things will be added thereunto. Let us covet the best of spiritual gifts, union, harmony, peace and purity, for these will abide when earthly riches take to themselves wings. Elsie York. Enfield, N. H. July, 1894. As our tribute for the coming Manifesto, we will give a brief account of what we were privileged to witness, as a 'Sunday School Offebing,' on July 8th, designated as 'Children's Day.' THE MANIFESTO. 193 In the eai-ly evening the members of the Society gathered to our place of worship. Soon notes from an organ were heard in the distance, as a signal for the school. Thirty-two in number entered the room, dressed in white, marching and singing the piece, 'Sheltered in the fold of Christ, Blessed is thy portion.' They formed ranks in front of the audience, giving at the close of singing an appropriate Scripture response, with such an impressive opening that we felt sure of a very profitable and enjoyable season. A dialogue having for its theme 'The Better Choice,' was marked as giving practical lessons. The characters were Life, Youth, Pleasure, Fame, and Religion. Life presented its many phases to youth, while pleasure brought roses, fame a crown, and religion a cross of evergreen. The points made by each character were so realistic, we all felt that we, too, could join in the closing chorus: 'Rejoice, rejoice, with heart and voice For thou hast made the Better Choice.' Another exercise, entitled The Tree of Spiritual Blessings was enjoyed by all; a miniature evergreen bore cards upon its branches with names of the desired gifts, so as each one expressed their grenttst need, whether it chanced to be Joy, Longsuffering, Gentleness, Patience, or Purity, it was freely dispensed. It was calculated to teach what every young Christian will do well to learn. Recitations by the younger children were all nicely rendered and if a word of commendation has its proper effect, t'.iey will strive still more to profit by their instructions, for they were given by both beloved Elder Henry C. Blinn, and Eldress Eliza Stratton who graced the occasion with their presence. Right here I will say that Sisters, Mary Ella Briggs and Fannie Fallon, had the direct charge of these classes and proved themselves faithful and efficient workers for the young of the flock. After singing a piece entitled 'The Flower Land' the service closed by the reciting of a prayer in unison. This will be a bright spot on the memory of both actors and listeners and an incentive to every youthful mind, to purer and nobler aims. Julia Russell. North. Family. July, 1804. The July Manifesto with its radiant, illuminating light, citing thought to the goodness of the Infinite and our work toward the finite, we regard of great worth. From any one of its testimonial pages could be gathered substance enough tj flood society with lessons of holiness, if we would only 'take thought' about the wandering souls shunning the halo of moral persuasion, mindful only of the glitter of personal pleasure and of accumulating private property. True, 'love is the power that must break every yoke' that retards moral growth, that stimulates selfishness, preferring to sit in a chair of ease in the shade of lukewarmness, than to labor in 'the fields white with rije blossoms' that should be garnered to add strength and goodness to our home. As the sun draws moisture to the clouds and the clouds water the earth, so with us, love should be the power to cause us not only to absorb the good about us, but prompt us to give generously of what we have gained in the development of a Christ-like nobility. Our social visit with our Gloucester, Me. kindred, Eldress Lizzie Noyes and Sister Sirena Douglass, was fruitful of pleasantness, with the interchange of thought that cheers. 'Giving hope to the fainting, To the sorrowing joy.' Preserving of early berries, with the general routine of household work, engages the Sisters' time, while caring for farm duties, haying etc., occupies the Brethren. Thus the united help of all in things temporal, with as concentrated a zeal in 194 THE MANIFESTO. the moral welfare of each other, become the strong arms of salvation that saves souls from the stream of worldliness, whose polluting current seeks to draw the soul from the divine lovliness of Christian service. George H. Baxter.