PURITY AND UNITY. IN the writings of one of our gospel fathers, who has long since passed beyond the scenes of time, we find the following remark. 'The essential properties of the church of Christ are purity and unity.' Indeed, they are the essential properties. The center and circumference of the whole work. In and through them is the life and growth of the soul and closely connected with this comes the life and growth of the church of God. Whatever else may be included in the acceptation of Christian communism, it may easily be seen that a disciplinary order of life will be demanded for the successful continuance of the Society. There must be a standard of purity which shall determine the right to an inheritance of the promises that have been handed down to us from the spiritual position occupied by our divine Teacher, and this standard includes his life. Quite early in his mission he had occasion to impart lessons of instruction to those who came to hear him. 'Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God.' He was not a stranger to the ways of man. He knew that the heart was deceitful above all things and desperately wicked ; and he also knew that it was necessary for those who had the least desire to live above the elements of the world, to accept a personal government over their thoughts and indeed, over their whole lives. A consecrated person has no more right to think injuriously of his friend or neighbor than he has to speak against them. If God is the observer of the inner man, and holding a record of the thoughts and intents of the heart, then a disciplinary care over every influence must be of the utmost importance. The apostle James was also a careful observer of men and in leading them on to Christ he would have them become, 'first pure, then peaceable,' after which they would be 'easy to be entreated.' Nothing nearer to the point nor clearer to the understanding of a seeker after righteousness could be presented. A society resting on any foundation less permanent than this would be in great danger when 'the winds blow and the floods come' as it would fail to bear the test. If we have rested on assurances that have been so by tradition, and these may have been all that they wTere purported to have been for those who hungered and thirsted after righteousness, then instead of becoming vitalized by the living word of God, which is able to heal the sick and to raise the dead, we have merely read of those who were soldiers of the cross and shared the pleasure of their well earned reward. THE MANIFESTO. 185 A vitalized Christianity is all that will bear the rigid investigation of the present day. Assertions are of trifling value whether pertaining to the things that are present with us or to those that are beyond. All that we are must be manifested by the fruits that are developed in the Christian life. No man will accept a statement from mere rumor. He wants the witness of assurance. If the children of this world have a sharper outlook for the interests of the present life, and work with more zeal to secure them, than the children of light do for the treasures that are imperishable, then our privilege in the Christian mission has not been to us what it should have been. It certainly is wise to work while the day lasts. To use the things of this world as not abusing them, and then work for humanity as God may appoint. One day lost through neglect is a sorrowful record, but when this is multiplied by months and years it is fearful to contemplate. All that may be written on this subject brings us again and again to the remark of the good brother, which has been accepted as the introduction for this thought toward successful communism. Jesus in his lesson to the disciples on the same point gave a beautiful illustration from the fruit bearing trees. It was a life picture. The disciples could see the tree, and they understood the manner of its growth. They had seen it in its season of rest and then during the season of bearing fruit. And when Jesus says 'A good tree can not bring forth evil fruit, neither can a coirupt tree bring forth good fruit, they, at once, saw the direct application to their own lives. If they as disciples were pure at heart, and maintained a union with each other in the spirit and power of God, there was a sure chance for them to inspire others with the same spirit and to reap the reward of faithful servants. They were equally as certain that an evil tree or a corrupt heart was destruction to their Christian fellowship. As with them so it is with us as a church ;our union to the spirit of God is our only hope of success, and this is no less true of every church, and of every organization that may be formed among men. Even the civil government becomes cognizant of this fact and publishes it before the people. 'United we stand, divided we fall.' Through the whole history of man there have been abundant lessons which should have been as the voice of warning to those who dare walk in the path of unrighteousness or carelessly pursue a life of indifference.