BEAUTY. By Calvin G. Reed. Beauty is the reflex of the inner life. What beauty hath the rich and gaudy flower? Or what delight the vernal landscape's robe Of green, bedecked with variegated bloom ; Or the pure azure canopy of heaven; Or twinkling stars that nightly smile upon Us from their spacious dwelling-place on high ; Or purling streams meandering through rich meads, Or tuneful warblers; Or the shady groves ; To those whose inner life feels not the thrill Of harmony, in tint and tone, displayed In the vast realm of Beauty's fadeless spring? The sky is curtained o'er with somberness. And all the brilliant tints and gorgeous hues Shed by the glorious sunbeams radiant light, Are blank and beautiless unto the mind That hath no brilliant sunshine of the heart. What multitudes but seek a hollow joy! Chase phantoms that elude the eager grasp, THE MANIFESTO. 177 And while they lure, spread disappointment's thorns Along the pathway of their votaries, To pierce the weary feet, or grasping hands, And sting with bitterness the heart's bright hopes, Because they seek through Alchemy for gold, Instead of veins, where, hidden, lies the rich Productive ore, that pays the miner's toil. Ah! if we would the beautiful secure, Awake the powers of mind, of soul, attuned To all the grand sublimities of life. So every heart-pulse beats with Wisdom's laws, Perfecting in us beatific grace, Holiness, and eternal love divine. When the deep fountains of the soul well up With gushing streams of liquid beauty. And all is brilliancy within the heart, The bloom and fruitage of our inner lives, Then will the whole creation, smiling, shed The radiance of its beauteous spirit on Our pure, appreciative minds, in halos Of inspiring power, and symphonies Refulg'ent with the glories of the blest. Then will each bud, each leaf and opening flower, Gain kindly welcome to our loving hearts, Unfolding for us volumes of God's truth, Securely treasured there for us to scan. ' I love the beauteous works of the Divine, Omniscient Architect of worlds unnumbered, Swarming with their myriad hosts of living Forms, from rational to brute, and thence to Floral fields of varied hues, instinct with Life and beauty; all of workmanship divine. I love the Lord of life; Eternal Guide, And Author of the soul immortal, formed To shine with heavenly light, and feast on Glories of bright spheres intrinsically pure. There is a realm of harmony sublime, Where beauties blend with beauties, full of grace And loveliness, pervading every heart With cheerful pleasantness and blissful peace. Those who the inner life make beautiful By education and supernal grace, Will see the beautiful in all God's works; 178 THE MANIFESTO. And feel that happy angels, on their snowWhite pinions, bear them blessings from the spheres Of beauteous bliss, and unalloyed happinss. Then give the mind to Understanding's rule ; The soul to inspirations, that are found Alone in Wisdom's school,all beautiful. All-Wise Creator of the realms of Light, Whose every thought is full of blooming grace, Whose breath is fragrant with supreme delight, And works unnumbered, full of harmony, The effulgence of eternal, sacred truth, Let me now offer at thy sacred shrine, Sweet incense of adoring gratitude; And worship, with unfolded, graceful soul, The God of Beauty who created all. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.