Books and Papers. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science or Health for July, is especially attractive for its numerous and varied character studies. Of these Gen. B. F. Tracy is the leading subject. His portrait is the frontispiece, and the interesting phrenograph is by Prof. Nelson Sizer from a personal examination. Dr. H. S. Drayton's outline of a manual for moral education will greatly interest all ethical teachers. Mrs. Charlotte Fowler Wells eloquently sketches a masterful defender of Phrenology, the Rev. John Peirpont. 'The Faculty of Language,' part ii., is learnedly analyzed by Jno. W. Shull. Dr. Beal, the editor, explains the art of 1 hrenographing photographs, and, as illustrations, gives character sketches with fine portraits of three eminent politicians, Lieut.-Gov. Sheehan, of New York; ex-Gov. J.C.Campbell, of Ohio, and the Hon. Wm. B. Allison, of Iowa. Prof. Sizer's series, 'How to Study Strangers,' bristles with information about people of prominence, such as Muncacisy, Elkens, Abbey, Thomas C. Platt, lngersoll, etc, A dozen pages are devoted to Hygiene, Juvenile Training and editorial matter of value. One dollar and a half per year. Fifteen cents a number. Address Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 27 E. 21st St,N. Y. Making a Suburban Home FOOLING WITHOUT AN AECHITECT. The ideal suburbanite has no time to fool with an architect; he supervises the construction of that house himself, writes Robert J. Burdettein an exceedingly numerous article on 'Making a Suburban Home' in the July Ladies' Home Journal. A laudable and loving ambition, for is it not his home? The workmen are pleased with this arrangement; it takes them about five minutes to ascertain just how much less than nothing it is possible for a man to know about house building, and yet be able to distinguish an augur hole from a mortise. When he speaks of 'jice' as 'joists' they take his measure. And when he calls 'studd'n' 'scantling,' he is up to his knees in the consomme, and getting in deeper at every step. But blessed be the placid bliss of perfect ignorance, he doesn't know it. He is serenely happy. He prowls about that house getting into trouble at every turn. He falls through the first floor 'jice' and abrades his happy shins. He looks up to see what is the matter when the down-trodden sons of toil on the second floor shout 'Look out below !' and catches a hatchet-handle in his eye. He walks under the scaffolding when the plasterers are at work, and gets gouts of mortar on top of his new hat and down the back of his neckbut what of that? The mocking laughter of the busy 'mud-wasps' disturbs lim not; he joins in it, merriest of them all. Is it not his own hat and his own neck? And oh, bliss of the blistered, is it not his own mortar? The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. Contents. July. Foundation Principles; Diphtheria; Killed by Vaccine Lymph; The Outlook; The Pride of the Company, etc. etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo, Ind. Cosmopolitan WHAT IS BEAUTY! QUESTION OF A BUND MAN!' Replied Aristotle. But Mrs. Sherwood says that it is 'dynamite' in her article which opens the interesting pages of the July Cosmopolitan. Beauty is always a fascinating subject, and Mrs. Sherwfflod's discussion is an especially interesting one. That the July Cosmopolitan is a midsummer number is shown in many directions. Three short stories, including one of sport and adventure, two travel articles, and other light matter, make up 128 pages of charming reading. The July Cosmopolitan marks the close of the first year since the revolutionary announcement was made that the price of that magazine, already low, had been cut to onehalf of three dollars a year. All sorts of predictions have come to be unfulfilled during the yearit would be impossible to maintain the ratethe quality would be loweredthe size would be decreased. But even severe critics admit that with each succeeding number there has been a betterment in the quality of articles and illustrations, and the size has remained unchanged, except the always growing advertising pages. The magazine printed, for the six months embraced in Volume xvi, one million four hundred and nineteen thousand copies, an entirely unapproached record, and has doubled its already large plant of presses and binding machinery. The walls of the magazine's new home are rapidly rising at Irving-on-the-Hudson. Artistically designed by McKim. Mead &amp; White, the new building, with its eight porticos, will be 279 feet long by 79 feet wide, and one of the most perfectly lighted buildings in the world, having 160 large windows each nearly double the size of the ordinary window opening.