Beloved Elder Henry:--I have an impression... White Water, Ohio. July, 1894. Beloved Elder Henry :I have an impression to pen a few thoughts on a subject that seems of importance. There are many who cry, lo here and lo there. In the last time there should come false Christs who should deceive many, but we are told not to go after them nor follow them. Where the body is, there will the eagles be gathered. The perfect organized church or body was in 1792, under the divine revelation given to Elder Joseph Meacham and Eldress Lucy Wright. This was confirmed and supported by living witnesses and remains as such to the present time. It is written, Search the Scriptures, for in them ye think ye have eternal life. The parables of Jesus seem to be legends of Bible history and were used by him in his public teaching, especially to his chosen disciples who, at times, would ask for the meaning of the parables,of the woman who took some leaven and hid it in three measures of meal. One of the disciples understood it to mean, the falling away of the church in the first appearing, and spoke as follows; Then few will be saved, seeing that he said, Blessed are your eyes, for they see. Strive to enter in at the strait gate, many shall desire and will not be able. Beware of the leaven of the Pharisees. Leaven in the law was considered iniquity. The parable of the marriage spoken of in the xx Chap, of Matthew, reads thus ; A certain King made a marriage for his son. It is spoken of as an event of the past, and I think it refers to the marriage that Abraham made for Isaac, in the xxiv Chap, of Genesis. It was the true type, and was natural. The antitype is given to us in Rev. xix. Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready. And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white, for the fine linen is the righteousness of the saints. Jesus who was the man, Christ the bridegroom, and the bride so beautiful- 182 THE MANIFESTO. ly arrayed was Ann Lee who would be acknowledged as the Mother of all living souls. The Spirit and the Bride say come, and all who will may come and take of the water of life freely. It is written,Strait is the gate and narrow is the way that leads to life and few there be that tind it. Btoad is the way that leads to death and many go in thereat. Stephen W. Ball.