Union Village, O. July, 1894. Dear Elder Henry :This is a calm, clear, Saturday morning and the robins are somewhat more sparing of their songs than earlier in the year. The cuckoo still gives warning of rain occasionally. Grain harvest is over. That of herds grass and oats is now in order. Our lawn is covered with red clover blooms and the music of the bumble-bees is heard as they pursue their quiet labors among the flowers. I see I omitted in my July article to state that the three young Brethren who came on bicycles to visit us in June, came from White Water, a very pretty little Shaker Village thirty-two miles south and west from Union Village. What a stupid oversight it was to leave this out! (We thought just so and wondered. Ed.) I am persuaded that no person has ever left the shores of time from Union Village, who has done more good and less harm, than our dear Sister, Polly Hunt. She has been a member of our Society about ninety years, having been brought here by her parents in 1805. For many long years she was our Deaconess and discharged all her duties with perfect righteousness. She was particularly noted for seeking those in trouble and sorrow and especially the young, and administering to their needs. We may truly say, 'The memory of such is like ointment and balm.' When I think of these souls, the inspired oracle of the ancient prophet comes to my mind. 'Let me die the death of the righteous and let my last end be like his.' Num. xxiii, 10. At 12-20 m. Meeting is over and was a pleasant season. Elder Napoleon, exhorted the young to honesty, courtesy and purity. The singing was inspiring, and the consoling hymns were a sermon in themselves. The Ministry journey to Pleasant Hill to-morrow, if the trains are not tied up. It is an awful time at Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis What may be the outcome, no human tongue can tell. We had, not quite a cyclone on June, 26, but it blew down many trees and a large amount of fencing. I fear we are not the praying people we were once. What wonderful things I have known to follow a general, united prayer of the Church. The ridicule heaped upon devout and humble petitioners by a certain class of Infidels who call it superstition is ten times more superstitious than the most credulous prayer that can be uttered by the simple and sincere. It is just as natural for fruition to follow prayer as for day to follow night. We try to live in union and Christian fellowship and to live for others and not for self. Repairs of our barns at old South House completion and pi'omise to itable improvement. are nearing make a credO. C. Hampton.