East Canterbury N. H. Weather Record for June, 1894. Highest Temp, during the month, 87 Lowest ' ' ' ' 39 Mean ' ' ' ' 06.1 Amount of rain in inches, 3.01 j\T. A. Briggs. July, 1894. On the morning of the 'Fourth,' the quiet of our Village was unbroken, although the booming of cannon in the distance could be distinctly heard. Later on, or at the school hour, agreeably to the approval of our S. S. C, the timehonored Independence Day was observed by our pupils, who treated their older friends to an appropriate entertainment of recitations, dialogues and songs. The selections were well made and adapted to the youthful understanding, as well as calculated to impress upon their minds, the importance of the event which our nation commemorates. The school-room was decorated with flags manufactured by the pupils, to represent the different nations, and also with original, historic drawings on blackboards tt hand, prominent among which was the 'Liberty Bel],' while the star spangled banner, 'Emblem of peace' floated gracefully over all. A 'picnic' in the grove followed the morning exercises, which was highly enjoyed by our deserving little boys, as well as was the rural dinner by some of larger growth. The 'regulation'' shower which occurred at about 1 p. m. was not a novelty, and did not dampen the children's ardor in the least, for to them it was a holiday full of pleasant happenings. The silo, which was in process of construction at last writing, is completed, apparently awaiting the growth of future ensilage. Our Brethren are now actively engaged in the hay field, with but slight assistance from hired help. May God bless every such worthy enterprise. The Sisters, meantime, are harvesting and canning small fruits. Gooseberries and currants, especially, promise an abundant yield. Not less than fifty bushels of the former are anticipated. Athletic goods and socks are net in great demand at present. The wide-spread depression of business in our country, affects our leading industries very seriously. Yet we have abundant evidence that 'God helps those who help themselves,' and also, that if we are careful to 'seek first the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness' which we mean to do, all needful things will be added thereunto. Let us covet the best of spiritual gifts, union, harmony, peace and purity, for these will abide when earthly riches take to themselves wings. Elsie York.