Correspondence. Beloved Elder Henry;--The following... Beloved Elder Henrst;The following is a copy of an ancient document written sixty-four years ago, found among the writings of Elder F. W. Evans and addressed to his natural brother Geo. H. Evans, the great land reformer. I send it to you in hopes of seeing it in another shape later on, being confident that if published in our monthly it will be read by numerous friends of Elder Frederic, with much interest. In those days it cost something to send a letter weighing less than half an ounce, by mail. Twelve and a half cents is written with ink on the outside of the letter, as being the price that was paid for transportation. Now, we should stop and think, twice, before sending a letter costing that much to New York City. This was worth it then and did good; and if you consider the letter worth the printing, it surely is worth the reading. A. W. Dear Brother;--As I have a good deal to say... New Lebanon, N. Y. June 11, 1830. Dear Brother;As I have a good deal to say about this people, I shall commence with them first. When I arrived at the village, after introducing myself, I was shown into a room kept to accommodate strangers. They then inquired my motives for visiting them. I said, 'to learn the principles which bind your Society together.' A Brother then gave me some cider to drink and soon dinner was ready. I went into a room where was a table loaded with every thing a hungry man could wish, with a Sister to wait upon me. After dinner I saw several of the Brothers. All appeared ready and willing to converse on any subject. They soon discovered that I was a Materialist, although I did not design to let them know it so soon, but I found I could not keep up with them at all on any other ground. Instead of being THE MANIFESTO. 179 horror struck, as I expected, they congratulated me on being freed from all kinds of religious superstitions that are in the world. I asked them if their system was founded on the Bible. 'Nay,' said they, 'on nothing but principles, yet we bring the Scriptures to those who believe in them in order to convert the m, but to you, who do not believe them, we bring reason to prove our system true, if you are a free inquirer after truth.' This was something I did not expect. I unfolded our system of morality, that virtue was happiness, vice, misery; and that the whole pursuit of man should be to make himself happy in this world. All this they said, was the very object of their institution, and that if I would remain long enough to become acquainted with them I should find the truth of those principles proved by demonstration. 'But I do not believe,' said I, 'in any spiritual world, in no salvation, in no heaven nor hell, nor Christ, nor God.' They replied, 'Salvation is to be happy here, and when you are happy, you are in heaven, when unhappy, in hell. As to a God,you believe in a principle in the world that you call life, nature, goodness. We call this God and believe and can prove to any reasonable man that reason is a part of God and that God operates upon the mind and body of human beings.' And this they have proven, to me. In fact, instead of finding an ignorant, superstitious, credulous and illiteral people, I find men of the first talents, education and property, men who have been Robert Owens' intimate friends, and infidels all their lives; men who have been worth from five thousand to ten thousand dollars, and have been engaged in business on the most extensive scale. Now before you call me a fool, or those in this Society, just explain to me the nature of life, and animal magnetism, and then come here and see what you nor I never saw before,a happy people. A people divested of self and acting on the broad principles of justioe, equality, charity, love, not in theory, mind you, but in practice. Do you say it is highly colored, I am bewitched, and wrong? I say, come and see. I give you my word with all my senses keenly alive, that while I have worked with them, talked with them and done nothing but observe them for a week, I pronounce them a perfectly good people, and they reap the effect, which is perfect happiness. They think that Infidels and Materialists are nearer to them than any other people; first, because they are accustomed to reason, and next, as far as they do believe anything it is exactly the same. But you say, 'they do not countenance the flesh.' Ah! what a pity. What was it made you unhappy but the flesh ? that is at the bottom of all your unhappiness. I shall not undertake to reason with you much yet, though I will mention a few of the chances it offers you. If you will take the trouble to examine into this work, that will be all that is requisite to make you adopt it, and that you can only do fairly, by coming to see us. If you 1 0 THE - MANIFESTO. belonged to this Society, your children would be as well, aye better, brought up than you can do it if you had your thousands ; your wife would become your sister and be no further trouble to you, nor you to her, and you would be healthy and happy. All,, work alike, dress alike, share alike and are alike. All are free. All are nonresistant, returning goo I for evil. They never turn away any one who wishes to better his condition. A bad persou would not live here for a thousand dollars a year, for like a fish out of water he would be out of his element. Here too, are the strongest lvusoueres that I have ever seen, no exceptions, even the women are exceptional; they are unassuming in their manners, sensible in dress and address. That which we have heard about them is absolutely false. I am at no loss now why Ovveus' system did not succeed. I should like you to write and let me know how you take this, you will call it turning Christian. I shall call it becoming happy; 1 have not had to change a single opinion. I shall become a Shaker. Your Shaker Biother, F. W. Evans. Dear Sister:--We received yours... Providence, R. I. May, 1894. [Beloved Editob;Please favor the publication of the following letter. Having been recently received from one who is in spirit a Brother with us, we think it may do good to others, who maybe persuaded to 'do likewise.'] Dear Sister :We received yours, which brought joy and blessing with it, as it was full and laden with good things. We were glad to receive so large a letter with such extended friendship, for it came from and covered the whole family. These remittances are like 'angel visits' to our home ; they bring with them blessing and cheer. It would be useless for me to attempt to frame one to equal it, but if we do our best, that is all we can do and all that is required of us. You have had years of experience in the Christ life and have traveled farther in the way, for we have only just started on the heavenly journey, barely left the shore, and we have had to 'lay aside every weight' that beset us. How great the load, and how sharp the briers that pierce our feet! My Sister, we were steeped in sin, for it was years we traveled therein, when we thought we were in the right way ; and to 'come out from among them,' and walk in the shadow of the cross, seemed to be more than we could do. But a careful and prayerful stepping has enabled us to reach thus far. We used to sing when in the Salvation Army, 'I have been in the Army so long, and have not grown weary yet,' but when the new light of higher truth broke into our soul, we soon found we did, for we became so tired, the way seemed so strait to us, yet our souls longed for more of Christ. Having now tasted and learned that the Lord is good, we find ourselves in water that we can THE MANIFESTO. 181 not wade in. We must swim or fall back into the old nature, which we pray may never be the case. Give our love to all the Brethren and Sisters. The advancement we have made has been due to the untiring efforts of our true friends at East Canterbury. We shall never be able to recompense them, but our Heavenly Father will do this in full measure, we know. The times remain about the same, but God has blest our home, in our souls and also in our 'basket and store.' We have been blest with all things needful through the long winter, and G-od will not forsake us. That we do know. Our kind love ever. Your Brother, Wm. Elam. Beloved Elder Henry:--I have an impression... White Water, Ohio. July, 1894. Beloved Elder Henry :I have an impression to pen a few thoughts on a subject that seems of importance. There are many who cry, lo here and lo there. In the last time there should come false Christs who should deceive many, but we are told not to go after them nor follow them. Where the body is, there will the eagles be gathered. The perfect organized church or body was in 1792, under the divine revelation given to Elder Joseph Meacham and Eldress Lucy Wright. This was confirmed and supported by living witnesses and remains as such to the present time. It is written, Search the Scriptures, for in them ye think ye have eternal life. The parables of Jesus seem to be legends of Bible history and were used by him in his public teaching, especially to his chosen disciples who, at times, would ask for the meaning of the parables,of the woman who took some leaven and hid it in three measures of meal. One of the disciples understood it to mean, the falling away of the church in the first appearing, and spoke as follows; Then few will be saved, seeing that he said, Blessed are your eyes, for they see. Strive to enter in at the strait gate, many shall desire and will not be able. Beware of the leaven of the Pharisees. Leaven in the law was considered iniquity. The parable of the marriage spoken of in the xx Chap, of Matthew, reads thus ; A certain King made a marriage for his son. It is spoken of as an event of the past, and I think it refers to the marriage that Abraham made for Isaac, in the xxiv Chap, of Genesis. It was the true type, and was natural. The antitype is given to us in Rev. xix. Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready. And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white, for the fine linen is the righteousness of the saints. Jesus who was the man, Christ the bridegroom, and the bride so beautiful- 182 THE MANIFESTO. ly arrayed was Ann Lee who would be acknowledged as the Mother of all living souls. The Spirit and the Bride say come, and all who will may come and take of the water of life freely. It is written,Strait is the gate and narrow is the way that leads to life and few there be that tind it. Btoad is the way that leads to death and many go in thereat. Stephen W. Ball. My Esteemed Brother in the Faith... [Beloved Elder Henry;Will you please give the extract from a letter of one of our enquirers a place in the Manifesto. I am not at liberty to give names.] My Esteemed Brother in the Faith ;Last year, I wrote a few lines you will excuse me at this time if I open my mind, as it is pressed full. In all the societies of this world I fail to find perfection, but in many are some (more or less) who are true to the core. Having known a little about the Society of Believers, covering a few years, I see a real need of a revival of the inward working and goodly manifestation outwardly, saving and cleansing the whole person, as was the case with Ann Lee. She is reported as saying, 'I feel the blood (life) of Jesus Christ coursing all through my being, purifying me unto himself.' That, as I understand, is the power of Eternal Life. Has the life or blood of Jesus Christ lost its power? I think I hear you say, Nay, and Isav, Amen. Let me assure you, my brother, there are many men and women out over this wicked world, yes over these New England states, who are by him set apart to live and walk in the Spirit, Holy, and they could be gathered in his Spirit, in his name, to the vacant houses and distressed lands of your Societies. Your only hope seems, that you take up the work afresh, just where Ann Lee was taken from it, and casting down and out all false or perverse spirits, rise up to glorify God in the power of the Holy Spirit. I have no personal thrusts to make, I only write of Shakers, so called, as I have seen them. Sorry to say I have met believers in Robert Ingersoll and modern spiritualists in among your leaders. What would Ann Lee do or say, were she to come back now to the gatherings. I think she would, inf olio wing her precious MasterChrist, drive out, with what was to her power even the fire of the Holy Ghost. E. E. N.