GOING WRONG. By Moore S. Mason. IN reviewing the life of Samson in connection with the above subject, I was impressed with the language reputed as his, 'I will go out as at other times before and shake myself,' and find few parallel cases wherein sin sinks a man farther away from God'. Kad the degradation which he brought himself to, been pointed out to him at an early period of his career, would he not have said with one of old, 'Is thy servant a dog, that he should do this thing?' yet the position man attains and the character he makes for himself are no mere matters of accident. Experience however, clearly shows us that falling away from integrity, is not attributable to chance, but to deliberate choice; the rebellious will, the unstable character: at first there is no intention of going far astrayjustI shall have a merry life for a year or so and then settle down, but like a stone rolling down hill, we forget the power evil habits have over us, and though we may have been instructed and warned, yet so few will learn by any other experience than their own. Scarcely a week passes that we do not read of young men going wrong; doubtless they supposed they had only to resolvenow I will stop this folly and do right. It may have been, alas, the first temptation, and boasting in the strength of young manhood they thought,I shall not yield again. How bold they are, but lo, the next trying moment finds them again conquered and conscious of guilty shame; still this class often overcome in the end. Each honest effort does them good. It is to the indifferent person, having no desire than to be steeped in sin, that fearful apostacy from God, that our best efforts should be made to save. The experience of the Shaker Church is not unlike that of other religious bodies, the useful and hopeful members are and have been those who learned 202 THE MANIFESTO. in youth to bear the cross, to make the full surrender demanded by Christ. They soon found that all the difficulties encountered in trying to live the Christ life, result from trying to serve two masters, God and the world. How few of the friends of early years can we now trace; one by one they have passed from sight, many, doubtless, lost on the turbulent sea of life, unknown, and without restraint sunk by sinful indulgence, exclaiming like Samson ere they passed away,'I will go out as at other times before and shake myself. And he wist not that the Lord was departed from him.' Union Village, O.