HISTORY OF SOUTH UNION, KY. No. 11. JAN. 4. Col. Nixon left this morning with his soldiers, for Russellville, having received orders from head-quarters, last night. Col. Scott charged the pay-master to do better by us than he did by Dr. R. We received $25.00 for corn; $100.00 for oats; $98.50 for beef ; $48.00 for board bill of Officers, and $15.00 for milk, biscuits, etc. This amount was passed to us in Confederate scrip, but we received no compensation for the wood that was cut and hauled for them nor for anything that was taken, without orders, by the soldiers. During the time of this encampment we lost several sheep skins that were tanned with the wool on, also some horse collars and bridles. We try to be patient under all these trials. Through the prayers of Believers we have been enabled to work patiently and this has influenced us to be kind to the soldiers, and thus far we have marvelously escaped from all harm. For this we have great cause to be thankful. After the soldiers were all gone from the Village, we had time to reflect, and it pained us to think of the awful work, in which they were engaged. Fathers and brothers in bitter conflict with each other, and doing all they could to destroy life and property. We are praying for war to cease, and that a more substantial government may be established on the earth, while the spirit of the Lord may find a place in the hearts of the people. Col. Nixon was a careful reader of our publications, and Elder John Rankin presented him with a 'Millennial Church,' and remarked,'I hope you may be able to exchange the sword for a pruning-hook.' A sick soldier expressed many words of gratitude for the kindness that had been shown to him, while he was at our Village. SEPTEMBER 198 THE MANIFESTO. At one time while Elder Solomon was in company with the soldiers, he was interrogated by them about our religion. Elder Solomon quoted some passages of Scripture and then remarked,The Savior says, 'Whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.' These words were no sooner spoken than one large, rough-looking man, struck Elder Solomon quite a hard blow on the cheek. The good man turned around and the soldier struck him on the other cheek. This was a lesson in practical Christianity and caused much amusement to those who were looking on. Jan. 29. Br. Urban Johns goes to Bowling Green to ciiange some Confederate bonds into gold, which he does for seventy-five ce.its on a dollar. Soldiers are passing on their way to Russellville, leading horses which belonged to Scott's cavalry. About one hundred soldiers were killed, : nd these horses escaped the sad fate of their masters. Br. Urban returns with an order from Gen. Hardee, that no more forage should be taken from the Shakers for the use of the army. As the country is under military law, we are now under the Confederate army. Jan. 30. Brs. Jefferson Shannon and Cyrus Blakely, went to Russellville, to present two guns to the Confederate Officer at that place, as the law now reads, 'Every man with five hundred dollars, shall either furnish a gun or pay twenty dollars.' When it was learned that we had only two guns for so many people, they told the Brethren to take one home. Jefferson and Cyrus called on Capt. Williams, who was at the Village several days. He told them that most of his men were sick with the measles. Feb. 4. Two doctors, Evans and Patterson, belonging to Gen. Buckner's army, at Bowling Green, calls upon us to furnish hospital for their sick soldiers, who were dying at the rate of ten each day. They wish us to accept from one hundred to five hundred. The Brethren inform them of our crowded condition, since the burning of the large building at our West family, but we would accept about twelve at a time, and could take no more. The Physicians said they did not want their patients so separated from each other, and they had asked this by the General's request, not by his order, but the next time we may enforce it. Feb. 5. Br. Urban goes to Bowling Green, to exchange some Confederate notes for gold. As our good Br. was on his way home, he was accosted by some Texas Rangers, who had passed through our Village yesterday and called for dinner, but the Brethren urged them to go to the Hotel, about one mile distant. This refusal created a dislike toward us, and they stopped Br. Urban's horses. He asked them to explain the object of their conduct. They replied,'You would not give us any dinner yesterday.' At this time, an officer, hearing the disturbance, halted to see what was being done. THE MANIFESTO. 199 The Rangers, fearing the officer, cursed Br. Urban and then striking his horse, dashed off toward Bawling Green. Br. Urban was very glad that he escaped with no more harm. To-day, we hear very distinctly, heavy cannonading in the direction of Fort Henry. We count one hundred and three reports. Feb. 6. Soldiers are passing through the Village, all day, in companies of two, four or six. They are moving toward Bowling Green. Feb. 7. Fifty-two Cavalry pass through the Village, on their way to the east. Army wagons are hauling corn for the soldiers. Elder Solomon met a Confederate officer and asked him if the rumor was correct, that the Federals had taken Fort Henry. He seemed very indifferent, but reckoned it was not correct. Sabbath, Feb. 9. A large company of Cavalry and several army wagons, pass through the Village toward Bowling Green. Thirty-two men with sixty-three horses, also go toward the same place. Then follow fourteen wagons loaded with corn for the army. As the Cavalry halted in front of our dwellings, for some little time, one of the Officers was heard to say,'Yes, yes, all these fine buildings belong to them as a religious body. Every thing is held in common, as it was in the church of the apostles. Do you not wish every body was like them ?' To this the answer came, ' 'If we were like these Shakers, we would not be fighting the Yankees.' Feb. 11. Two horses were stolen from the West family last night, but no trace of them could be found. At about 2 p. m., thirty horsemen halted in front of our dwelling. Elder John Rankin went to see what was wanted. The Captain, McLemore, wished to know if the company could obtain a dinner. He was informed that the Sisters would have dinner ready in fifteen minutes. We placed some tables under the cedar trees, near the Trustees' office and the table was well furnished. When all was ready, the Captain spoke in a low voice,'These are a religious and orderly people, and we must be very quiet and orderly while at their home.' After taking care of their horses, they walked to the table in good order. They spoke in high terms of their dinner, as being the best they had seen for a month. The charge was twenty cents each, which the Captain said was cheap. (To be continued.)