Dear Mother and Brother John... Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. July 1, 1894. Dear Mother and Brother John;Your letter was received in clue time and I feel that I must answer it especially on your account mother, for I know you feel interested to hear how we are getting along. We are all well and enjoying ourselves far better than we could if we were back living in the old way. I tell you John there is rest here for the sinsick, weary soul in our peaceful, swreet Shaker home and I hope you will be wise enough to live a pure, celebate, virgin life the remainderof your days. As for myself I would not change back again for all the money, land and houses you could offer me. You told me we could not bear the restraint that we would be compelled to live under here among the Shakers, but I can assure you after five or six months' experience that I never enjoyed so much real true liberty as I have since I came among Believers. Here in this family, we have people of all ages, from little Gladys up to Sisters 82 years old, and we are living far happier than we ever could if we were scattered around in little private families. We are banded together not for the purpose of merely getting a temporal living, but we declare our religious principles before the world, thereby making ourselves an object lesson for the world to look at and learn from. We are now holding our religious meetings in the large meeting-house, all of the six families attend, and the doors are open to the public. The Brethren and Sisters are all at liberty to express their honest convictions. Here we are a free people, we shake off our old earthly sinful conditions, and rise into a higher and more spiritual state of mind. I tell you the freedom of the spirit is the highest kind of freedom. Now perhaps you will say that you can enjoy this liberty in the outside, worldly life without joining the Shakers; you are welcome to your choice, but for my part I prefer to come out boldly and declare my faith and let the world know just how I stand. THE MANIFESTO. 203 I wish to be known as one who has arisen above the animal or generative plane of life, and that I have put the lust of the flesh under my feet. According to my belief there are two orders of life there is the generative order and the spiritual order. By the generative order I mean all those who wish to multiply and replenish the earth, strictly in accordance with nature's lower law, having no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, that is prostitution and abortion, or in any other way shirking the responsibility of nature's requirements. This order is right for the Adamic man, and there will always be plenty of people to carry on this work as long as the earth is capable of sustaining material forms. The spiritual order is composed of those persons who have risen above the desire for propagation. The more spiritually minded a person becomes the less desire he has to beget or bring into life a natural offspring. The powers and forces of the being flow in a higher channel, we have aspirations toward that which is higher and better, we are living on the resurrection plane, that is in the regenerative work. This is my experience, the more spirituality I have the less animal desires rule and govern ; I think you will find it so. In your last letter you spoke of married men being better than bachelors, now in a certain sense this may be true, for they may be dissipated and live single only to escape responsibility, and to selfishly spend their money on rum, tobacco and bad women. I claim that such men are not as honorable as those who live in the married state; they have nothing to do with Shakerism whose requirements are strict continence and self-denial. I know what the fruits of the flesh are by my own bitter experience; but thank God I have risen up out of these low groveling conditions which still cling to me, and then I will be free to progress onward forever through the endless ages of eternity. With much love to you dear mother and brother. I remain your loving son and brother, W. N. Bassett.