NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. July. . Thermometer. Rain. 1893. 55.52 5^in. 1894. 72.13 1.4' Highest Temp, during this mo. 94. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 47. ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 10. ' clear ' ' cloudy ' 14. 7. C. G. Heed. Aug. 1894. Such sultry weather is not conducive to either written or vocalized thought; consequently Notes will be brief, leaving room for something better. We are deeply interested in the war history of our Southern Believers, and won der where the strength and courage lay for so much 'arduous and continuous' toil, with no hope for remuneration only in the consoling thought, that kindness was being done to many poor soldiers, whose hearts lay not in the work before them. The society must have been under Divine protection to survive financially and physically after such a tax on time, strength, and material wealth. The most interesting feature of our home at present, is the increased gathering at our public Sabbath service, of a quiet, attentive audience. Speaking and singing are so appropriately alternate, that nearly two hours pass before we are aware; and there would be a still greater variety of gifts ifwell perhaps it is better to speak too long, than to keep the good thought hidden. But monopoly in these days seems to be unpopular. We see nor feel no deterioration, in our gospel testimony. Our confidence in its worth inci'eases, and it is only left for us to add works to faith, patience and unselfishness to works, and as Elder Daniel Offord says, 'let the light shine through all our works, financially, as well as morally and spiritually,' and our spiritual strength would gather and hold many who are sick of sin, and are willing to cast their all into the Lord's treasury for the compound interest which they will receive. Health of family as good as such hot weather will permit. Haying nearly done and harvesting of grain in order. Our abundant supply c f raspberries are gathered, blackberries and dewberries nearly gone, but tomatoes are fast ripening to fill the place. Surely with such abundant blessings, gratitude should be the characteristic of our lives. Our Sunday School class, studying the life of Jesus from the four gospels during this quarter, are much interested in selected readings from 'Ben Hur' on that subject, which, with its beautiful description of life in the Orient, clothed in such rich language, makes the lesson very impressive. In reading a book we can always 212 THE MANIFESTO. determine its character by the impression it leaves with us. 1 thought I should be brief, but I see I have filled the entire space allotted me. Amelia J. Calrer. North Family. Aug. 1894. Just a few hastily written notes, which I fear are too late for acceptance by the tolerant editor and prompt compositors of our Manifesto. The good Brethren have been rushing through the haying and harvesting; not only overseeing the necessary hired help, but doing their full share of the laborious work. The weather has been all that could be desired for gathering the crops: the last load of oats was secured on the eleventh, a fair yield of hay and cereals, excepting wheat, which was light. The Sisters have been kept quite busy harvesting; a nicely cultivated blackberry patch in our north orchard has yielded twenty bushels of berries, two thirds of which have been sold in the Pittsfield market, with other produce. Were it not for the dry weather, we would have a fair yield of apples, as the orchards are in excellent condition, all the trees having been trimmed in proper season. Those that have been gathered are small; perhaps the winter fiuit will be larger. Tomatoes and sweet corn, with other fresh vegetables are abundant; and our gardens show the diligent care of those who handle the cultivator and hoe. Our public meetings have been largely attended for three Sabbaths past; it was estimated that five hundred people were present yesterday morning, and a more respectful, attentive audience could not have been gathered in any house of worship. We find a growing interest in our own town to know and understand more of our life and doctrines; which interest has been awakened by an intelligent young friend of ours who is in business relation with Tilden &amp; Co. She has been a constant attendant at our meetings, and says that many young men come to our services who never step inside of any other church. We have discontinued exercises, so it is not the external that draws them. We hope that many will be benefited by the simple and sincere utterance of truth, and the offerings of praise and prayer rendered to God, by those whose lives are consecrated to good, and who seek to draw all men and women to the knowledge of right and the practice of every virtue. With universal love, blessing and appreciation of every good word and work, I desire to strive with gospel kindred for the unity of the Spirit of Christ. Martha J. Anderson. Center Family. Aug. 1894. Beloved Elder Henry;We have finished our cherry harvest which was very good and the largest crop ever grown at Center family. Pears are beginning to ripen and to be an average yield as do plums also. The material things of time engage most of our attention as to how we shall get an ,jionest living, seeing that most of our industries have been dropped for some reason or other. It is conceded by people generally, that eastern people can not compete with the west in the raising of grain and cattle, hence we must of necessity turn our attention to the growing of small fruits; this we can do to pretty good advantage and the more pains we take in the selection and culture of it, the more it will prove a means of livelihood. Timothy D. Rayson. Shakers, N. Y. North Family. Aug. 1894. We have had a special privilege the past month, in being favored with a visit from our beloved Brother, Alonzo G. Hol- lister, of Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. How true it is that we consciously or unconsciously mister to others, just what we have in possession; and in the visit of our dear Brother, We realized more fully than ever the truth of that assertion. His ministration was to strengthen and encourage those who love the cause and to uphold the standard of virgin purity, that it may be seen and read of all tribes and nations, that the truth alone maketh free, We are encouraged to press forward and to give all that we have to the support of the cause, knowing that the testimony is going forth, bringing mankind to judgment a witness thereof is given in the desion of the Catholic Church in regard to the liquor traffic. It is to be hoped that they will have the courage of their convictions and stand firm in the position bey have taken; if theydo, a blessing ill attend them. Every such move mong mankind, is the trumpet sound of he angel of judgment, cleansing the outer temple, preparing it for the repeption of e resurrection testimony; for how oould soul whose body is filled with liquor and 'Qbaooo, understand the truths' of the higher life? Impossible. Our grain harvest is about finished. At resent writing, we are having a refreshing rain. Fruit prospeot fail' for apples nd pears. The cold weather in May rerded tender vegetables, but if we can have a late autumn, they will develop a good crop. Our beloved Ministry are with us and all the faithful ones are ministering he testimony. May we receive it with humble spirits. Shaker Station, Conn. Aug, 1894. 'VIRTUE alone is happiness,' and happiness is heaven. Virtue is a bright [ew, 1 richer than gold or precious gems. To Main it, our hearts, which are the seat 1 prinoiples, must be purified by the ross. By the cross we are united to, the ea.venly throng. Constant, self-denying efforts will insure Ull a safe passport to heavenly mansions, What a flood of happiness fills our souls when we have striven earnestly for overcoming power, and feel that we are made better for those strivings. Let us so live that we can feel the treasures of heaven are ours. The first point is to staut right, and keep in the heavenly pathway-it is plain. It is safe to walk uprightly. Success in the Christian warfare is the result of the right improvement of time, the application of energy and soul-struggles. Let us adorn our souls with 'the beautiful jewels of purity and truth. How often are to-day's opportunltles, to-day's privileges neglected, and time lost in anticipation of some good we are to gain in the future. Greater opportunities will not come to-morrow unless we are faithful to improve those that God has given us to-day. Let us do whatever conscience enjoins and shun all that it condemns. What ought not to be done we should not think of doing. Among the pitfalls in our way, let us be wary, watch and pray'. JUly 10th we were favored with a visit from Br. Walter Shepherd and four Sisters of Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., and they seemed like an angelic band. We think such visits should be more frequent. 'The largest statue is Bartholdi's 'Liberty,' its weight is 440,000 Its. the height of the figure is 152}~ ft. the pedestal 91 ft. the fountain 52, one finger is 8 ft., the nose 3Yz.' 'Thunder-storms are more frequent in Java than in any region in the world.' 'In Bussla there are 750,000 ac~es planted to sun-flowers, one variety has small seeds for the production of oil; the other has larger seeds, and is used for consumption, like our peanuts. 'I'he average yield is 1350 lbs per .acre, and the seeds sell at lYz cts, per pound.ithe farmer's income being $20.25 per acre.' * * * * * * * The key-note of poultry growing is profit it, and the quicker an unprofltable flock is disposed of, the better. For growing chickens, meat and bone furnishes all the elements of growth if fed in moderate quantttles, Bones furnish Iime for the formation of the egg shells, and the meat furnishes a supply of albumen, of which the whites of eggs is largely composed. East Canterbury N. H. East Canterbury, N. H. Weather Record .for July, 1894. Highest Temp. during the month, 94 Lowest ' ' ' ' ' 51 Mean ' ,,' ' ' 3.68 Amount of rain in inches, - 71.8 , N,. A. Briggs, Aug, 6, 1894. As a historical note we are interested to have it understood that on the 6th of August 1774, Mother Ann Lee and her little band of faithful followers, after a perilous voyage of several months across the ocean, all landed safely in the harbor of New York. i Holding this event in pleasant remembrance a social service was held on the above date. .A very interesting . programme of recitations and songs had been prepared by a company of young Sisters, rest1ng upon the historical incidents that transpired in the lives and in the Gospel work of Mother Ann and the Elders. To us this eventIs One of, deep interest. Through it comes the blessing of our earthly home, the religious element ofour Community and the anticipated hope ofa never ending work of righteousness and • peace. From New York City they went to Albany, and then purchased a tract of land in the town of Watervliet. -For several years the little family toiled earnestly. in their new home, and were faithful witnesses of the gospel of our Divine Teacher, Jesus Christ. Under the-blessing of God they were able to establish other community homes where the Believers had dedicated themselves to the Lord. With the coming of an early spring and its never failing seed time, we pleasantly antioipated a re,munerative harvest of all,. earth's blessings, but in this case as in I many others we were unable to see the end from the beginning. From some cause the early potatoes did not grow very large, which has prevented us from dig. gingmany of them up to the present date. The, hay crop has been good and IUOst ;of it secured in excellent order, Some 200 tons have been cut and secured in this Society, , On the 9th lnst, eleven persons from our ,Society,' by invitation, visited the village of Pittsfield, a ,distance of ten miles and gave a public entertainment. The programme consisted of the singing of sacred ' and secular pieces' and ,a varied order of recitations. The service of two hours gave pleasure to 'an appreciative audience .of some two hundred persons. '.' Large companies of visitors from the cities are with us nearly every day. Some of them dine in the Trustees' Office, while others who bring their lunch find a place under the branches of the maples. All want to walk about the premises' and see what the Shakers have in their home, and if they are just like 'all other people. I wonder why the guides who accompany these visitors do not keep a note book of the curiosities of literature, which could be so easily gathered. A thousand and one questions are asked, and as many answers must be formulated to make the pleasure reciprocal. , H. C. Blinn. Enfield, N. H. Aug. 1894. HAYING on our ahome farm finished July 30th about an average crop, and good weather to cure it. Every day two of our Sisters leave home early in the morning fOr the Canaan farm to take care of the I house where the men lodge who are haying THE MANIFESTO. 215 on the meadows. Harvesting has commenced in the oat fields, a good crop though a little rusty. On the 5th ult. a company of Brethren and Sisters from the Church and North families held a meeting, by request, in the chapel at East Lebanon, we had a very attentive audience from the villages round about us; many of whom did not know in what we believed, so little do we let our light shine. We are happy to record a short visit from Elder Nicholas Briggs of Canterbury. G. H. Kirkley. Aug. 1894. North Family. The periodicals which come to our home daily, contain an abundance of useful knowledge and much matter that saddens; yet all, stores the reflecting mind with valuable lessons; even the most horrifying news has its moral picture, informing us that virtue pays and 'the way of the transgressor is hard.' I am led to muse, should not literature, like the churcheswhich have a stronger hold upon the minds of menbe, not only the strongest, but as true and pure sounding organs, caroling life's ennobling lessons, through its steel lips, unsparingly denounce the evils in high and low life, that peace and plenty, love and equality may triumph over sin and woe. May our Manifesto, with its unalloyed pages, ever stand as a fit publication of what home literature should be and spread abroad the glad tidings of God's love to mankind and of Christ's redeeming virtues to those who 'Awake the powers of mind, of soul attuned, To all the grand sublimities of life.' We have harvested seventy-five tons of hay and twenty tons of oats and barley. Having had a few lowery days, the plough made furrows through some of the worn out land near our home, which means a fuller and more productive hay crop in the future: and the question is, would not the cultivation of the land near us be a good idea, while that afar off be sold? The general health of our family is good, and as health strengthens virtue, the most valuable gem mankind can possess. We are still cheered with bright hope that leads away from sorrow and strengthened by pure love that points toward the hights of a better self-hood. George H. Baxter. Alfred., Maine. Aug. 1894. Since writing Home Notes two moons have waxed and waned. July with its extreme heat so hard for humanity but so good for the corn, and now comes August with the New England weather extreme. The night of the 10th brought frost on the low ground. , The Brethren have finished the hajing and report 15 per cent less than last year, from the last year's drouth on the grass roots. We had corn on the table the ICtli which is early for this section. The Bivt'iren tried spraying the potatoes with the Bordeaux Mixture to protect them from rust, and up to date our potato tops are green, while our neighbors' are rusting badly. We look at things differently. Ii I should ask our children wliat was the most important thing that happened in the last month, they would say their excursion to Portland and the Islands. Some twenty-five of the younger portion of our Society with a few older ones, went to Portland the morning of the 9th and had a sail on Casco Bay. We landed at Peaks Island, where we spent a few hours, and then returned to Portland where the purchases made were too numerous to be recorded in the Manifesto. Then came our ride home in the evening on the P. and E. road, all glad to reach our quiet Shaker Home. Fannie Casey. Harvard, Mass. Aug. 1894. Again Nature has favored us with a beautiful day and we improve it by going 216 THE MANIFESTO. to Shirley to meet with our gospel kindred in prayer and praise. We met Elder Hiram Baker of Enfield, N. H. and were happy to see him. We are pleased to learn through the Manifesto that we were in union with some of our sister Societies in noticing our Nation's holiday. On the lawn tibles were spread with dainties for material enjoyment, and we enjoyed a picnic here till the regular Fourth of July shower drove us to shelter. But our pleasure was not spoiled, for we had a good intellectual feast of singing, recitations and dialogues. Haying is finished, and good judges say there are a hundred tons of good hay snugly packed away in the barns. Our labor is now turned to herbs, of which we have a generous supply considering the long drought. We have a bountiful supply of blueberries and whortleberries, which keep our young people busy. They are quite near and a half dozen pickers go into the field after dinner, and return at night with a bushel or a bushel and a half of nice berries. They are a good substitute for the loss of our small fruits. We recently received a visit from Bishop Chatschumain, an Armenian who is lecturing through the States in the interest of his down-trodden countrymen in Armenia. In the evening he spoke to the family upon the productions of the soil of that country, the social relations, habits and religion of the people. They claim to be the oldest Christian nation in existence, say their church was established in the days of the apostles. They use no pork and seldom taste animal food. A good Christian example. Marcia M. Bullard. Watervliet, O. Aug. 1894. We have had very dry weather making the crops very backward, but we can not complain, as we have been blest with many gifts from God. We number thirty individuals in our Society at the present time. It seems to be a hard m atter to gather souls to our flock who are willing to become thoroughly baptized with the Christ spirit, and who are willing to give up the world and its so-called pleasures, but we intend to keep right on in the good work and do the best we can, for God will not let his children suffer. Our crops are turning out pretty fair. Wheat has yielded about 25 bushels and oats about 50 bushels to the acre, but the price does not yield very much. Wheat is 45 cts. and oats 31 cts. per bush. We have put up about 50 tons of Timothy hay and about the same amount of clover. We have recently been blessed with the company of our gospel Br. Charles Sturr, of White Water. Henry W. Fredrick. Union Village, O. Aug. 1894. As I passed down the road to the ferry from Pleasant Hill to High Bridge over Kentucky River. I noticed the trees and plants which cropped out from the crevices of the romantic cliffs, perpendicular walls, hundreds of feet high, which rise on each side of this wonderful stream. This scene of cliff, tree, plant and flower, was one of profound silence. Yet here was an invisible energy at work, sufficient to raise a million tons of water into the upper air. From every crevice between the layers of rock, sprang a tree or lesser plant, some so tiny as to be scarcely visible. Perfect peace and concord reigned. No pushing, jostling or contention were here. Contentment and peace pervaded the tiniest plant, the most inconspicuous shrub and the tallest tree. The admirable and inspiring effect of this scene, was not produced by any one object, but by the natural, spiritual combination of the sublime whole. All organizations, from the tiniest plant to the tallest tree, from the smallest insect to the elephant, seem to move in harmonious contentment with themselves and their environment. How beautiful, how inspiring THE MANIFESTO. 217 this vital energy which calmly goes on, 'yesterday, to-day and forever,' in the soundless silence of the fields and woods, the rocks and valleys. Why are peace and contentment to be found everywhere but in restless, roving man? There are good and all-sufficient reasons, which in due time shall be satisfactorily explained to every rational being in existence. When Archimides discovered the law of displacement, he exclaim ed,'Eureka! I have found it.' This is the point I profess to hail from in my experience : not as boasting by any means, but for the comfort and encouragement of others who are dismayed at the pertinence of the above question. We are contending with the present prevailing drouth, in more ways than one. Our dry-house and laundry wood-shed was burned on the 18th of July, ult. The laundryj itself had a close call, but was saved by our tank and hydrant system. We have had two field fires since, but neither was very disastrous. There is no clew to our first fire. We have had no fire in the dry-house for three years. As each of the fires came far short of what they might have been quite a pleasant margin is left for thankfulness and for saying as our beloved Brother Peter Boyd used to say, '-'It is well it is no worse.' We are watering trees, plants and flowers daily and have been for weeks. Notwithstanding we meet unpropitious circumstances occasionally, we manage to keep a good degree of cheerfulness and good nature through it all. Our harvest is abundant. Hay extra good. Barley and oats good. Wheat averages 23 to 25 bushels to the acre. One field of oats, (16 acres) yielded about seventy bushels per acre. I have seldom indeed read any thing more edifying or spiritually uplifting than the Editorial in the August No. entitled 'Purity and Unity.' May the Manifesto, which is replete with good things, long wave'Clear as the sun, fair as the moon and terrible as an army with banners.' 0. C. Hampton.