THE LAST DAYS. WHATEVER may have transpired among men at an earlier date, and induced the apostles to write of the perilous last days, we may now feel justified without reserve in calling these the special last days of which the good man made reference to his son Timothy. We are having all the signs placed so prominently before us that we have no occasion for any guess work. Paul very properly calls them perilous times as they are so objectionable to the mind of a Christian, and he evidences this by saying that the people would be lovers of themselves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful and unholy. The apostle extends the list of sad deviations from right still farther, as the unfortunate result of a life of unrighteousness. It must, indeed, be perilous times to any individual, or family or society when it enters into one or more of those selfish relations which would so soon dc moralize the mind. If this was to be the state of those who had not experienced a call in to the gospel testimony of Jesus the Christ, it would be a fair representation of what might be expected, more or less, to enter into his church as probationary or more permarent members. Those who are 'lovers of themselves,' would without doulit be covetous, and even this fractional portion of the list would be enough to bring 'perilous times' upon any large or small community. The spirit of selfishness and the spirit of Christ could not under any circumstances be brought into fellowship. Covetousness in the church of Christ would soon reduce it to the level of the world, unless there was sufficient vitality in the religious body to expel it. The fierce war which is now going on between capital and labor is the result of that state which was so clearly presented to the apostle. The rich and the poor are alike covetous, and either class would willingly allow the other to suffer, if the suffering would increase their advantages to accumulate wealth, or increase their dominant privileges over the souls and bodies of men. From the day that Cain made himself the possessor of the property of Abel, an incessant war has been raging among men. Cain evidently wanted to increase his wealth, and to obtain this he put Abel out of the way, which gave him an undisputed right. This same spirit of covetousness which finds a home in the hearts of the 'strikers' and no less in the hearts of those who are struck, engenders outrage and murder in order that their own selfish plans may be consummated. Jesus was espe- THE MANIFESTO. 209 cially a friend to the poor and gave his life that he might raise them from their low estate. Although poor, he would have them become peacemakers, and then become the children of God. The essential lesson to be learned by those who accept the divine Teacher as their heavenly guide is, first, to be pure then peaceable, and this, at once, would exclude the piofarve person, and those who are unthankful. It was the admonition of the first Elders of our own church, that those who were unthankful for the blessings which God gave to his people from day to day, be they few or many, they were equally unholy. The lesson of thankfulness must necessarily be accepted by those who would become the children of our heavenly Father, if they expected to gather souls and be able to protect them from the sins of the world. There may, indeed, be 'perilous times' when children become disobedient to their parents, and under the Mosaic dispensation a severe penalty was inflicted upon either the son or daughter that presumed to disregard the advice of a parent. This was the discipline of the natural order when the faithful father and mother stood as mediators between their children and their God. The apostle may have had this in mind as he saw other conditions moving forward and with prophetic vision determined the time when even the children would deviate so far from propriety as to be disobedient to their parents. Entering upon the spiritual plane where a higher and purer relation is manifested to both parents and children, he anticipates greater things for the church of Christ and urges the immature minds with the care of a faithful guardian,'Children, obey your parents in the Lord.' This was a step in advance. The church had accepted the children and these spiritual parents now asked that due obedience might be rendered to them as it had been rendered to their parents in the order of nature. In our Community home it is imperative that children should be obedient to their parents in the Lord, as without the acceptance of this, there can be no foundation upon which to build an honest and an honorable character. And as we say of children, we would as clearly say the same of every adult who accepts the cross of Christ. Study the character of Jesus, who in his ministration of the gospel work said to his disciples, 'Learn of me for 1 am meek and lowly in heart.' And in addition to this bear the good apostle in mind who says, 'First pure then peaceable, easy to be entreated.' In the acceptance of these Christian lessons, we may escape those 'perilous times' which are sure to overtake the careless transgressor.