East Canterbury N. H. East Canterbury, N. H. Weather Record .for July, 1894. Highest Temp. during the month, 94 Lowest ' ' ' ' ' 51 Mean ' ,,' ' ' 3.68 Amount of rain in inches, - 71.8 , N,. A. Briggs, Aug, 6, 1894. As a historical note we are interested to have it understood that on the 6th of August 1774, Mother Ann Lee and her little band of faithful followers, after a perilous voyage of several months across the ocean, all landed safely in the harbor of New York. i Holding this event in pleasant remembrance a social service was held on the above date. .A very interesting . programme of recitations and songs had been prepared by a company of young Sisters, rest1ng upon the historical incidents that transpired in the lives and in the Gospel work of Mother Ann and the Elders. To us this eventIs One of, deep interest. Through it comes the blessing of our earthly home, the religious element ofour Community and the anticipated hope ofa never ending work of righteousness and • peace. From New York City they went to Albany, and then purchased a tract of land in the town of Watervliet. -For several years the little family toiled earnestly. in their new home, and were faithful witnesses of the gospel of our Divine Teacher, Jesus Christ. Under the-blessing of God they were able to establish other community homes where the Believers had dedicated themselves to the Lord. With the coming of an early spring and its never failing seed time, we pleasantly antioipated a re,munerative harvest of all,. earth's blessings, but in this case as in I many others we were unable to see the end from the beginning. From some cause the early potatoes did not grow very large, which has prevented us from dig. gingmany of them up to the present date. The, hay crop has been good and IUOst ;of it secured in excellent order, Some 200 tons have been cut and secured in this Society, , On the 9th lnst, eleven persons from our ,Society,' by invitation, visited the village of Pittsfield, a ,distance of ten miles and gave a public entertainment. The programme consisted of the singing of sacred ' and secular pieces' and ,a varied order of recitations. The service of two hours gave pleasure to 'an appreciative audience .of some two hundred persons. '.' Large companies of visitors from the cities are with us nearly every day. Some of them dine in the Trustees' Office, while others who bring their lunch find a place under the branches of the maples. All want to walk about the premises' and see what the Shakers have in their home, and if they are just like 'all other people. I wonder why the guides who accompany these visitors do not keep a note book of the curiosities of literature, which could be so easily gathered. A thousand and one questions are asked, and as many answers must be formulated to make the pleasure reciprocal. , H. C. Blinn.