Books and Papers. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for August is exceptionally strong and bright. Mary Shaw, the well-known actress, is [ the subject of the frontispiece and an artistic phrenograph by Dr. Btall. John W. Shull gives a masterly analysis of Ideality, with four handsome portraits showing great contrasts of development. Prof. Sizer continues his series, How to Study Strangers, with character delineations of Prof. Charles E. West and Hon. Edwards Pierrepont. Mks. Charlotte Fowler Wells reviews the life and character of Prof. Benj. Silliman. An article entitled Ethics for Lovers, by Grace Pierson, is a brilliant and vigorous arraignment of Mr. Bok, the editor of The Ladies' Home Journal, for some of his views on courting. The contributions on hygiene by Dr. Dray, ton and. others are especially interesting. The other departments present more than the usual variety. Dr. Beall's editorials cover half a dozen pages of breezy replies to contemporaneous critics, also an illustrated physiognomical study of the eyes of Col. Breckenridge as compared with those of Annie Bessant. This will attract especial attention among young bachelors aud maidens. Price, 15 cents, $1. 50 a year. Address the Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 25 East 21st St., New York. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. Aug. Contents. Four marked Characters; Foundation Principles; The Treatment of Forces; The Science of Phrenology; Vaccination and Sanitation; The School that is to be; Notes of the Home; The Pride of the Company; The Great Physician. Dr. T. V. Gifford, &amp; Co., Kokomo, Ind. The Mistakes of Moses The Mistakes of Moses ! by H. L. Hastings, Boston, Mass. This little Book is an answer to that class who have written against the wonderful work that was accomplished by Moses in liberating the children of Israel. It is now a revised and enlarged edition and has reached no less than 'three hundred thousand.' Such an extended circulation is positive evidence that the book has been appreciated by interested readers and certainly it can not fail to afford a fund of information, and at the same time interest every one who appreciates the study of biblical history. Published by H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. Edward Bok says that of 5000 poems which come into his editorial office during a year, not fifty, if printed, would be read with any degree of patience by the public.Ladies' Home Journal.