'TRY AGAIN.' By Abraham Perkins. SUBJECT as poor humanity is to temptation and trial, the good old motto,'Try again,' unfortunately is often unheeded. Because of failures in enterprises and engagements in the affairs of life, courage oft goes down with disappointment. Prospects externally bright give faith and hope ; yet, with the exercise of our best judgment and the application of our best powers, human wisdom often proves inadequate to the accomplishment of the attainments and objects sought. In human experience, this fact is verified:the battles of life are to be met; they must and will come, bringing the invasion at our door. As it exists in the temporal, so we find it in the spiritual. Many a traveler in pursuit of the treasures of the spirit stumbles at the cross and fails THE MANIFESTO. 205 to obtain the crown, because of the straitness of the gate and the narrowness of the way ; because there are hills to climb and the paths oft rough and thorny; because of foes to encounter and burdens to be borne, which imposes a sacrifice greater than he is willing to endure. But vain is the effort to secure this endowment, without paying its full value by a total surrender of all that is selfish, carnal and worldly. Eternal life is found only as we yield the selfish. The yoke must be taken, and it is made easy by being continually and cheerfully borne. Jordan must be reached and repeatedly entered for the baptism that gives complete remission and the necessary washing. Failures in life, ignorant or willful, may be many; and though they number seventy times seven, fail not to continue the strife; wrestle until the break of day, as did the patriarch Jacob, and suffer not the angel to depart until the blessing is reached. Oh, earth, earth! listen and hear the word of the Lord. Although it bring heavy sacrifices, a satisfactory reward is sure to follow, commensurate with the offering. As is the work, so will be the reward. No good effort will be unrewarded, and no evil design or act will go unpunished. Therefore keep in view the wise motto,'Try again,' and fail not to make it practical. East Canterbury, N. H.