SCRIPTURE TEXT. Sent to us by Simon Emery, of Bangor, Me. ' 'And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul, but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell.' Matt, x., 28. AS it was the mission of Jesus the Christ to lead mankind from the paths of unrighteousness into those of righteousness and peace, he must adapt himself to all the variations of life in which these people might be found. He was a Teacher of the rich and poor, the educated and ignorant, and no less of the old and young. At this time Jesus was giving instruction to his disciples as he appointed them to the mission of teaching others as they had already been taught. They were to put on the whole armor of God, and go into the world fearlessly in the accomplishing of their duty, as sheep in the midst of wolves. (Matt, x., 16.) Several of these disciples had already learned by experience what it was to battle with the world, and to enlist in the Lord's army without fear. Others may have embraced the gospel testimony, having this invitation at heart, 'Wisdom's ways are ways of pleasantness, and all her paths are peace.' To inspire the several classes with unflinching love for God was the divine work of the Teacher. 206 THE MANIFESTO. While the disciples were to 'beware of men,' lest they should become ensnared through flattery or threats, they were expected to do their duty and trust in the protective spirit of God which had called them into ihe gospel work. Jesus had forewarned them of the dangers through which they must pass. The Jews, said he, will deliver you up to the councils ; they will scourge you in their synagogues. It was no child's piny to be an evangelist, and the timid might well shrink at the thought of being imprisoned or of being scourged with thirty blows upon the naked back with brutal fore-1, and each blow cutting deep into the flesh. The disciples were also made a gazing stock both by reproaches and afflictions, and hated of all men. One might wonder at the determined zeal which could inspire the twelve to go into the cities of Israel and deliver the gospel messages which were so well calculated to destroy all the sensual pleasures of a selfish relation. After this wonderful preparation for entering the gospel field, Jesus then adds another encouraging word by saying, 'Fear not them which kill the body but are not able to kill the soul.' The duty to God was made the essential feature. Through this came the fulfillment of the promise of increased blessing on the earth, and in the world to come, eternal life. The same spirit that whispered the above word' also said to them, 'Be thou faithful unto death, and I will give the * a crown of life.' God's will and work must come first, and the love or fear of God must conquer every other form of fear. H. C. B.