THE TRUE MILLENNIUM. By Sarah J. Burger. ALL through the ages, prophets, priests and people have looked forward to the time when the dawn of the great Millennium would break upon the earth, and the saying 'like priest, like people,' instead of Indicating the ignorant and sinful condition of both, would apply to a united brotherhood, a universal Church whose members would be joined together in the spirit of holiness and love. But what of the present? war, crime, slavery to ambition and lust are rife in the land: evil is not confined to the innermost thoughts and feelings, but it is bold in coming to the front through the pages of the daily press, whereby even little children often become tainted with its pernicious influence. We exclaim like one of old, 'How long, 0 Lord, how long before wickedness and sin will be swept from the land, and righteousness and truth reign instead,' Poets have written and bards have sung of the good time coming, the glorious Millennium, the glad reign of peace; but when will it come ? When the evils of the human heart shall give place to the virtues of the Divine life, and man learns through the subjection of his lower passions to develop his superior faculties which lead to a higher life and THE MANIFESTO. 207 plane of existence, when the spiritual, or God life in the soul, shall permeate the very atmosphere as a sanctifying presence. To attain unto this as a universal condition, will require a pentecostal revival that shall awaken the nations and touch the hearts of all people ; then will the glorious Millennium be realized, each seeking the good of his neighbor through the spirit of true Christianity made manifest in their daily lives. If wrong conditions in man have their effect upon the anthopostic world, producing conflict in the elements destructive to his peace and well-being, should not the unfolding and development of a spiritual power bring forth corresponding results, causing the 'wilderness and solitary places to be glad, and the desert to rejoice and blossom as the rose?' Most assuredly. Then may it be said of a truth 'ye shall go out with joy, and be led forth with peace; the mountains and the hills shall break forth before you into singing, and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands. Instead of the thorn shall come up the fir tree, and instead of the brier shall come up the myrtle tree; and it shall be to the Lord for a name, for an everlasting sign that shall not be cut off.' In that time when the great Millennium shall come, righteousness and peace shall kiss the earth, and the angel of joy brighten the hearts of all people, and the nations shall be linked together in the bonds of universal brotherhooda harmonious relationship springing forth from the love which is expressed in, 'Each for all, and all for each.' As the flower is in the seed and only needs the careful hand of the husbandman to nurture it till it expands into the bud, then on to the beautiful blossom, so with the spirit of truth, though often concealed beneath the creeds and superstitions of a false theology, yet it remains in its embryotic state, till the germ is touched with the sun of inspiration and it bursts forth as a new revelation of the Holy Spirit, developing the God life in man, creating a holy communion between the internal and external world, forming a heaven upon earth, a paradise of God, the true Millennium. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.