Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. July. . Thermometer. Rain. 1893. 55.52 5^in. 1894. 72.13 1.4' Highest Temp, during this mo. 94. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 47. ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 10. ' clear ' ' cloudy ' 14. 7. C. G. Heed. Aug. 1894. Such sultry weather is not conducive to either written or vocalized thought; consequently Notes will be brief, leaving room for something better. We are deeply interested in the war history of our Southern Believers, and won der where the strength and courage lay for so much 'arduous and continuous' toil, with no hope for remuneration only in the consoling thought, that kindness was being done to many poor soldiers, whose hearts lay not in the work before them. The society must have been under Divine protection to survive financially and physically after such a tax on time, strength, and material wealth. The most interesting feature of our home at present, is the increased gathering at our public Sabbath service, of a quiet, attentive audience. Speaking and singing are so appropriately alternate, that nearly two hours pass before we are aware; and there would be a still greater variety of gifts ifwell perhaps it is better to speak too long, than to keep the good thought hidden. But monopoly in these days seems to be unpopular. We see nor feel no deterioration, in our gospel testimony. Our confidence in its worth inci'eases, and it is only left for us to add works to faith, patience and unselfishness to works, and as Elder Daniel Offord says, 'let the light shine through all our works, financially, as well as morally and spiritually,' and our spiritual strength would gather and hold many who are sick of sin, and are willing to cast their all into the Lord's treasury for the compound interest which they will receive. Health of family as good as such hot weather will permit. Haying nearly done and harvesting of grain in order. Our abundant supply c f raspberries are gathered, blackberries and dewberries nearly gone, but tomatoes are fast ripening to fill the place. Surely with such abundant blessings, gratitude should be the characteristic of our lives. Our Sunday School class, studying the life of Jesus from the four gospels during this quarter, are much interested in selected readings from 'Ben Hur' on that subject, which, with its beautiful description of life in the Orient, clothed in such rich language, makes the lesson very impressive. In reading a book we can always 212 THE MANIFESTO. determine its character by the impression it leaves with us. 1 thought I should be brief, but I see I have filled the entire space allotted me. Amelia J. Calrer. North Family. Aug. 1894. Just a few hastily written notes, which I fear are too late for acceptance by the tolerant editor and prompt compositors of our Manifesto. The good Brethren have been rushing through the haying and harvesting; not only overseeing the necessary hired help, but doing their full share of the laborious work. The weather has been all that could be desired for gathering the crops: the last load of oats was secured on the eleventh, a fair yield of hay and cereals, excepting wheat, which was light. The Sisters have been kept quite busy harvesting; a nicely cultivated blackberry patch in our north orchard has yielded twenty bushels of berries, two thirds of which have been sold in the Pittsfield market, with other produce. Were it not for the dry weather, we would have a fair yield of apples, as the orchards are in excellent condition, all the trees having been trimmed in proper season. Those that have been gathered are small; perhaps the winter fiuit will be larger. Tomatoes and sweet corn, with other fresh vegetables are abundant; and our gardens show the diligent care of those who handle the cultivator and hoe. Our public meetings have been largely attended for three Sabbaths past; it was estimated that five hundred people were present yesterday morning, and a more respectful, attentive audience could not have been gathered in any house of worship. We find a growing interest in our own town to know and understand more of our life and doctrines; which interest has been awakened by an intelligent young friend of ours who is in business relation with Tilden &amp; Co. She has been a constant attendant at our meetings, and says that many young men come to our services who never step inside of any other church. We have discontinued exercises, so it is not the external that draws them. We hope that many will be benefited by the simple and sincere utterance of truth, and the offerings of praise and prayer rendered to God, by those whose lives are consecrated to good, and who seek to draw all men and women to the knowledge of right and the practice of every virtue. With universal love, blessing and appreciation of every good word and work, I desire to strive with gospel kindred for the unity of the Spirit of Christ. Martha J. Anderson. Center Family. Aug. 1894. Beloved Elder Henry;We have finished our cherry harvest which was very good and the largest crop ever grown at Center family. Pears are beginning to ripen and to be an average yield as do plums also. The material things of time engage most of our attention as to how we shall get an ,jionest living, seeing that most of our industries have been dropped for some reason or other. It is conceded by people generally, that eastern people can not compete with the west in the raising of grain and cattle, hence we must of necessity turn our attention to the growing of small fruits; this we can do to pretty good advantage and the more pains we take in the selection and culture of it, the more it will prove a means of livelihood. Timothy D. Rayson.