HOLD FAST THAT THOU HAST. THOSE who love to study the Scriptures for the inspirational truths that are to be found in them, may enjoy great satisfaction by comparing the pilgrimage of earnest and honest souls of an earlier age, with that which is known of the pilgiims of to-day. We may have our trials and crosses,we may have our burdens consequent upon our journey through this world of labor and care, yet we have only to study the biblical history to learn lessons of wonderful res'ignation to the work into which God was pleased to call the witnesses of his work among men. These are by no means isolated cases, which are almost hidden from observation, but beginning with that of righteous Abel, they are never lost from sight. 'Faithful unto death' lias been the watchword of these servants of the Lord, and as this devoted class has never been wholly obscured by the unrighteousness of man's heart, we have all reason to believe that witnesses for the truth of God will ever be found so long as the race lasts who will stand erect and bear the testimony as it is manifested to them. This we may do both as a duty and as a privilege. Our high calling in Christ will admit of nothing less. In this we have the voice of Wisdom, 'In all thy ways acknowledge God, and He shall direct thy paths.' To be directed into the path of righteousness is all that can be desired. It is in that situation where we find the 'yoke easy and the burden light,' and ultimately find rest to the soul. Those who fail to obtain all that this promise presents, both in its earthly and its heavenly relations, have as signally failed to make the promises an active principle in the acceptance of the cross of Christ. With the cross comes the crown, and the manifestation of the first is quite equaled by that of the last. As we bear cheerfully the cross which our divine Teacher bore, we have an assurance that we shall with him, wear the crown of perfect peace. There are many who can confidently look for the blessing that is awarded to the honest seeker after righteousness, yet how many there are who neglect to secure all the advantages that are offered. They may have been faithful, but it was not unto death. They may have run well for a season, but they grew weary. The broad way was a subject THE MANIFESTO. 233 of closer investigation, although they were fully assured that the way through the narrow gate would lead to eternal life. The best way is to take the advice of the inspired writer, who says, 'Hold fast that which thou hast.' As small as it may be, it is a precious treasure, and by no means obtained through the asking. If anything is to be accomplished it must be through earnest prayer, through careful working and through patient waiting till the desired end shall be accomplished. The treasure that was hid in the field, could only be secured by exchanging all that the man had in his possession, and then the field and what it contained became his only treasure. One step toward the kingdom of righteousness is of great value,too great to be lost. One promise of consecration in the interest of the work that God has chosen for us to do, is of inestimable value. All that we have should be given for truth and light, and a faithful continuance in this well doing assures the full and promised reward. This may not demand a special recognition, by the worldly wise, and yet it may be the beginning of a life which shall lead direct to the city of our God. 'Hold fast that which thou hast,' in walking uprightly. This admonition can not be otherwise than the voice of God to the soul. The pilgrimage can be of no advantage if the pilgrim fails to reach the place he anticipated. He must renew his strength and endure to the end. Communities like individuals must inevitably reap a harvest corresponding, in every respect with the life that gives them action. If they are Christ-like in their organization, their laws and rules must spring from the law of love and good-wrill, Communities must be under a healthy system of discipline, if success in consecration to God is to bring about a perfect work. The inspired lessons of the Revelator as he addressed the Christian churches and pointed out to them their wanderings from God, should be held in close remembrance as they will be potent for good or ill. What if we do not exist as a Community,if the life of the Community is not zealously active in the manifestation of good for the benefit of our own homes and no less for the peace and prosperity of all around us, then our mission does not meet the demand that is with and before us. Too much care can not be exercised in the establishing of righteousness, as every violation of principle makes prominent inroads into the spiritu al relation and leads to an inheritance that is not of God.