Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. August. Thermometer. Bain. 1893. 68.52 5.75in. 1894. 66.50 1 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 87. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 42. ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 4. ' ' clear ' ' ' ' cloudy' ' 14. 13. C. G. Heed. Sept. 1894. It is now half past 9 p. m. As Sister Amelia is suffering with that pest of her happiness, Laringua, or inflammation of the vocal cords, which renders talking tediously difficult and also being quite unwell otherwise, I am acting as substitute in penning a few Home Notes at this late hour, in deference to her wishes to notify Elder Henry that she is unable, at this time to perform the task, or pleasure whichever it may be. It is now the Sabbath, Sept. 9th, and it has been a day of spiritual overflowing with us. Our Service was over two hours long, being increasingly devotional from the beginning to the end. There is a growing interest among mankind to learn the status of our religious belief. We have had from six hundred to seven hundred attentive spectators in attendance on the Sabbath. Occasionally an applicant seeks a place and is received into our ranks. This evening a large company from the several families of our Community assembled in the Meeting Hall of the Church family, and listened to a lecture, delivered by Henry D. Lloyd of Chicago, on the Labor Trouble, Strikes, and Monopoly Trusts. He has made the subject one of profound study and research. He interested us for about an hour and a half, giving details of the whys and wherefores of the coal and railroad strikes, also of the oil and sugar trusts. The past month has been very dry, vegetation languishes, and the earth suffers for want of rain. There is a good crop of fruit. Pears and cherries are abundant. Apples and plums as well as berries of various kinds are excellent. Some of our buildings have been reshingled. We have made some improvement on the school premises. Our boys and girls school being combined, we have had to make arrangements to meet the change. It is a time of general health in the family, and all appear to be interested to act well their part. This produces peace and harmony which insures prosperity in things both spiritual and temporal. If there is anything in this hasty sketch that you can make anything of that will pass inspection, all well, if not it is also well. Accept kind love from one who knows how to love you. Your brother, C. Q. Reed. TERMS-