Books and Papers. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for September is up to date as regards both matter and manner. The frontispiece is a handsome portrait of Mrs. Charlotte Fowler Wells. She is also the subject of an interesting phrenograph which Dr. Beall publishes at this time in honor of her eightieth birthday. The second number is a logical, eloquent and earnest plea for voice culture, by the well-known actress, Mary Shaw, which will attract attention among teachers and student.of elocution, and all who favor intellectual progress. Prof. Sizer, in his series, How to Study Strangers, shows his skill in delineating character from photographs; and Mrs. Wells, in a sketch of Dr. Sim, gives an account of a most remarkable phrenological test. The editor has an interview with an American 'White Mahatina,' recently returned from India, who tells of the marvels he has witnessed in the Orient, and describes many traits of character of the Hindoos, Japanese, Chinese, etc. This is illustrated by a number of fine engravings from foreign photographs. The departments of Child Culture and Hygiene are pithy, and the editorial columns are especially strong in advocating the need of phrenology in legislation, etc. Price, 15 cents, $1.50 a year. Address the Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 27 East 21st St., New York. The famous musical composers have taken a hint from their literary brethren, and are securing an advance magazine publication for their compositions just as the authors publish their novels in serial form. The Ladies' Home Journal, which was practically the first magazine to offer this outlet to composers of repute, finds all the musical men rallying to it, Sir Arthur Sullivan an nouncing that the new song which he has just finished will be published in that magazine. Patti's veteran conductor, Arditi, has given his new waltz to the Journal, while Reginald de Koven's new song goes also to the same periodical. Strauss has sent his new waltz to the editor, Sousa a new march, and Mascagni of 'Cavalleria Rusticana' fame, is writing a piano score. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. Contents. September. Diphtheria; The Treatment of Fevers; The Science of Phrenology; Anti-Vaccination; A Visit to the Jackson Sanatorium; A Letter and its Answer; The Pride of the Company; Disease; etc. etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo, Ind. The Credibility of the Christian Religion The Credibility of the Christian Religion, by Samuel Smith, M. P. This being the twelfth thousand that has been published, of this little work, is sufficient evidence that the Book is appreciated in the Christian Churches. The writer evidently has an unshaken confidence in the work which he has written, which goes far to make a favorable impression upon its readers. Chapter second which teaches of 'The necessity of a Revelation,' is beautifully written and must lead the mind to an appreciation of the arguments there brought forward. The other chapters lead the reader through equally beautiful written arguments which are as carefully wrought out and sustained in the heart of the writer. The Christian religion is something that can never be clearly represented by arguments either written or spoken. When the spirit of Christ takes up its abode in the soul, then righteousness will be manifested through the whole life,then it will be 'peace on earth, to men, good-will.' An Intra-Mural View An Intra-Mural View,' a very artistic brochure, has been received from The Curtis Publishing Company, Philadelphia, publishers of The Ladies' Home Journal. As the title indicates, the booklet gives us glimpses of the interiors of the Journal's offices, and some idea of the work carried on there. The main building, entirely occupied by the editorial and business offices, was designed by Mr. Hardenberg, the architect of the Hotel Waldorf, New York, and was completed in January, 1893. The exterior is attractive and the interior elegantly appointed and admirably planned. The numerous illustrations, showing the commodious and well-fitted offices, and the accompanying text, giving us some insight into the work in the different bureaus, requiring a force approximating four hundred employes, indicate the wonderful success which The Ladies' Home Journal has achieved in an almost incredibly short time. The first number was issued in December, 1883, so that less than eleven years have elapsed since Mr. Curtis conceived the idea which has developed into so vast an enterprise. In this short time its merit and steady improvement in all departments have received such recognition that its circulation has reached the enormous average of about 700,000, the largest magazine output in the world. The brochure also describes at some length the work of printing and binding the Journal, which is carried on in a separate building. 'An Intra-Mural View' will be sent to any one who will address The Curtis Publishing Company, and inclose four cents in stamps for postage.