NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. August. Thermometer. Bain. 1893. 68.52 5.75in. 1894. 66.50 1 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 87. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 42. ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 4. ' ' clear ' ' ' ' cloudy' ' 14. 13. C. G. Heed. Sept. 1894. It is now half past 9 p. m. As Sister Amelia is suffering with that pest of her happiness, Laringua, or inflammation of the vocal cords, which renders talking tediously difficult and also being quite unwell otherwise, I am acting as substitute in penning a few Home Notes at this late hour, in deference to her wishes to notify Elder Henry that she is unable, at this time to perform the task, or pleasure whichever it may be. It is now the Sabbath, Sept. 9th, and it has been a day of spiritual overflowing with us. Our Service was over two hours long, being increasingly devotional from the beginning to the end. There is a growing interest among mankind to learn the status of our religious belief. We have had from six hundred to seven hundred attentive spectators in attendance on the Sabbath. Occasionally an applicant seeks a place and is received into our ranks. This evening a large company from the several families of our Community assembled in the Meeting Hall of the Church family, and listened to a lecture, delivered by Henry D. Lloyd of Chicago, on the Labor Trouble, Strikes, and Monopoly Trusts. He has made the subject one of profound study and research. He interested us for about an hour and a half, giving details of the whys and wherefores of the coal and railroad strikes, also of the oil and sugar trusts. The past month has been very dry, vegetation languishes, and the earth suffers for want of rain. There is a good crop of fruit. Pears and cherries are abundant. Apples and plums as well as berries of various kinds are excellent. Some of our buildings have been reshingled. We have made some improvement on the school premises. Our boys and girls school being combined, we have had to make arrangements to meet the change. It is a time of general health in the family, and all appear to be interested to act well their part. This produces peace and harmony which insures prosperity in things both spiritual and temporal. If there is anything in this hasty sketch that you can make anything of that will pass inspection, all well, if not it is also well. Accept kind love from one who knows how to love you. Your brother, C. Q. Reed. TERMS- Shakers, N. Y. North Family. Sept. 1894. On the 23rd of August a delegation of twenty-three from the North family and eight from the Second family went to Albany and took the 8-30 steam-boat the 'Albany' and went down the Hudson river sixty miles to Rhinebeck. It was a very enjoyable ride as the day was fair, and everything favorable for a pleasant time, and it was especially so to westerners who had not seen much of the Hudson river. The passengers of the boat when they found out that we were Shaker Communists were very inquisitive and anxious to know something of our profession and practice. Some of them had never heard of such a sect. The writer was plied with numerous questions from people who seemed to be honestly seeking for light and before he was aware of the fact found himself surrounded by an attentive audience of nearly a hundred. They seemed spiritually hungry and many that we had private conversation with evinced an earnest longing for a conscious knowledge of the power that enables men and women to enjoy social and spiritual communion in community homes, in purity of life. We do not doubt but that good seed was sown by the Brethren and Sisters, and we also thought of the harvest,'it is great but the laborers are few,' but we will 'pray the Lord of the harvest that he will send forth more laborers into his harvest ' May we keep our inner temple clean that the ministrations that go forth will be uplifting. Since we came to Watervliet we have many times thought of the vision of the apostle John, when he looked and saw upon Mount Zion the mighty host who had their Father's name written in their foreheads. And 'these are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.' There have been many of that number who have lived in this Society arid have' passed 'to'fl're Spirit land who are ministering angels bearing the truth to those who are willing to receive it. We have often realized their presence, and their testimony to the young is to hold the fort, to bear the standard high that was transmitted to us by our gospel parents: and this we will do. 'For the cause that lacks assistance, and the wrongs that need resistance, and the good that we can do.' We did not intend to preach a sermon but our heart is full and we must express it. Long may the dear Manifesto continue to make its monthly visits to cheer and strengthen the laborers in the field. The weather continues dry, with an occasional light shower; but when compared with the drought-stricken west we are very much favored. We just want to whisper to the editor, that 'the melons are ripe.' We have made an addition to our dry kiln so that the steaming, cutting and drying of the sweet corn will be done under one roof; a great saving of labor. Work has commenced on the water works that we intend to put in this fall; bringing the water from the quarry pond, forcing it up to a high point so that there will be head enough to throw it over any of our buildings. The motive power to drive the pumps has not yet been decided upon. It will give us a magnificent supply of pure, soft, spring water. Hamilton DeGrcnv West Pittsfield, Mass. Sept. 1894. We seek a place in the Social Corner as we were not represented therein last month. Our good father, Elder Albert, has just completed the work of painting the windows of our large dwelling. To put two coats of paint on one-hundred and twentyfive window sashes is a great task for one of his advanced years. Hay and grain harvest closed early this season with an average crop. 2,300 bushels of oats were cut, threshed, and stored, away at our grist-mill by the 14th of Au- THE MANIFESTO. rs; gust with the straw all mowed away in the barns. Potatoes prove a good crop. Over six hundred bushels are now secured, and there may be two hundred more bushels. Apples and pears are improved very much; some of our best variety of pear trees, such as the Beurre de Anjon, Beurre Boss, Louie Bonne, and the Duchesse de Angonleme are loaded with fruit. Oh, the weather; well what advantage can one derive from complaints of it? It is true, we have had some dry weather of late, and it was just the right time to make some necessary repairs on our reservoir. The new flume, twenty ft. in hight, and built of Georgia pine was finished last week. Twelve men, six horses, and two yoke of oxen are employed in taking earth from one side of the pond, and carting it to the banks to make them higher. This work was commenced Aug. 13th, with no lost time from rainy weather at this date. They hope to finish by the last of this month. This will add storage room for about two million gallons more water. On the 23rd ult. thirteen persons from this Society enjoyed a very pleasant outing with our dear friends from Lebanon, N. Y. Left home at 6 o'clock a. m., met them at Chatham N. Y., and went on to Kinderhook picnic grounds, where they spent a happy day in rowing on the lake&gt; singing the sweet songs of Zion, and renewing of gospel union in genial conversation. The efforts made by good Elder Daniel, Eldress Anna, Br. Ernest, and others, to make the time pass pleasantly for all, will long be gratefully remembered. On August 6th loved Sister Matilda Reed spent the day with us. We love to have such mothers come to usthey always leave a blessing. We felt that she was a fit representative of her in whose footsteps she has so faithfully walked and of whose stepping upon American soil, this day was the anniversaryMother Ann Lee. Would that she had ten thousand as faithful daughters. Emoretta Belden.