NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. August. Thermometer. Bain. 1893. 68.52 5.75in. 1894. 66.50 1 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 87. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 42. ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 4. ' ' clear ' ' ' ' cloudy' ' 14. 13. C. G. Heed. Sept. 1894. It is now half past 9 p. m. As Sister Amelia is suffering with that pest of her happiness, Laringua, or inflammation of the vocal cords, which renders talking tediously difficult and also being quite unwell otherwise, I am acting as substitute in penning a few Home Notes at this late hour, in deference to her wishes to notify Elder Henry that she is unable, at this time to perform the task, or pleasure whichever it may be. It is now the Sabbath, Sept. 9th, and it has been a day of spiritual overflowing with us. Our Service was over two hours long, being increasingly devotional from the beginning to the end. There is a growing interest among mankind to learn the status of our religious belief. We have had from six hundred to seven hundred attentive spectators in attendance on the Sabbath. Occasionally an applicant seeks a place and is received into our ranks. This evening a large company from the several families of our Community assembled in the Meeting Hall of the Church family, and listened to a lecture, delivered by Henry D. Lloyd of Chicago, on the Labor Trouble, Strikes, and Monopoly Trusts. He has made the subject one of profound study and research. He interested us for about an hour and a half, giving details of the whys and wherefores of the coal and railroad strikes, also of the oil and sugar trusts. The past month has been very dry, vegetation languishes, and the earth suffers for want of rain. There is a good crop of fruit. Pears and cherries are abundant. Apples and plums as well as berries of various kinds are excellent. Some of our buildings have been reshingled. We have made some improvement on the school premises. Our boys and girls school being combined, we have had to make arrangements to meet the change. It is a time of general health in the family, and all appear to be interested to act well their part. This produces peace and harmony which insures prosperity in things both spiritual and temporal. If there is anything in this hasty sketch that you can make anything of that will pass inspection, all well, if not it is also well. Accept kind love from one who knows how to love you. Your brother, C. Q. Reed. TERMS- Shakers, N. Y. North Family. Sept. 1894. On the 23rd of August a delegation of twenty-three from the North family and eight from the Second family went to Albany and took the 8-30 steam-boat the 'Albany' and went down the Hudson river sixty miles to Rhinebeck. It was a very enjoyable ride as the day was fair, and everything favorable for a pleasant time, and it was especially so to westerners who had not seen much of the Hudson river. The passengers of the boat when they found out that we were Shaker Communists were very inquisitive and anxious to know something of our profession and practice. Some of them had never heard of such a sect. The writer was plied with numerous questions from people who seemed to be honestly seeking for light and before he was aware of the fact found himself surrounded by an attentive audience of nearly a hundred. They seemed spiritually hungry and many that we had private conversation with evinced an earnest longing for a conscious knowledge of the power that enables men and women to enjoy social and spiritual communion in community homes, in purity of life. We do not doubt but that good seed was sown by the Brethren and Sisters, and we also thought of the harvest,'it is great but the laborers are few,' but we will 'pray the Lord of the harvest that he will send forth more laborers into his harvest ' May we keep our inner temple clean that the ministrations that go forth will be uplifting. Since we came to Watervliet we have many times thought of the vision of the apostle John, when he looked and saw upon Mount Zion the mighty host who had their Father's name written in their foreheads. And 'these are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.' There have been many of that number who have lived in this Society arid have' passed 'to'fl're Spirit land who are ministering angels bearing the truth to those who are willing to receive it. We have often realized their presence, and their testimony to the young is to hold the fort, to bear the standard high that was transmitted to us by our gospel parents: and this we will do. 'For the cause that lacks assistance, and the wrongs that need resistance, and the good that we can do.' We did not intend to preach a sermon but our heart is full and we must express it. Long may the dear Manifesto continue to make its monthly visits to cheer and strengthen the laborers in the field. The weather continues dry, with an occasional light shower; but when compared with the drought-stricken west we are very much favored. We just want to whisper to the editor, that 'the melons are ripe.' We have made an addition to our dry kiln so that the steaming, cutting and drying of the sweet corn will be done under one roof; a great saving of labor. Work has commenced on the water works that we intend to put in this fall; bringing the water from the quarry pond, forcing it up to a high point so that there will be head enough to throw it over any of our buildings. The motive power to drive the pumps has not yet been decided upon. It will give us a magnificent supply of pure, soft, spring water. Hamilton DeGrcnv West Pittsfield, Mass. Sept. 1894. We seek a place in the Social Corner as we were not represented therein last month. Our good father, Elder Albert, has just completed the work of painting the windows of our large dwelling. To put two coats of paint on one-hundred and twentyfive window sashes is a great task for one of his advanced years. Hay and grain harvest closed early this season with an average crop. 2,300 bushels of oats were cut, threshed, and stored, away at our grist-mill by the 14th of Au- THE MANIFESTO. rs; gust with the straw all mowed away in the barns. Potatoes prove a good crop. Over six hundred bushels are now secured, and there may be two hundred more bushels. Apples and pears are improved very much; some of our best variety of pear trees, such as the Beurre de Anjon, Beurre Boss, Louie Bonne, and the Duchesse de Angonleme are loaded with fruit. Oh, the weather; well what advantage can one derive from complaints of it? It is true, we have had some dry weather of late, and it was just the right time to make some necessary repairs on our reservoir. The new flume, twenty ft. in hight, and built of Georgia pine was finished last week. Twelve men, six horses, and two yoke of oxen are employed in taking earth from one side of the pond, and carting it to the banks to make them higher. This work was commenced Aug. 13th, with no lost time from rainy weather at this date. They hope to finish by the last of this month. This will add storage room for about two million gallons more water. On the 23rd ult. thirteen persons from this Society enjoyed a very pleasant outing with our dear friends from Lebanon, N. Y. Left home at 6 o'clock a. m., met them at Chatham N. Y., and went on to Kinderhook picnic grounds, where they spent a happy day in rowing on the lake&gt; singing the sweet songs of Zion, and renewing of gospel union in genial conversation. The efforts made by good Elder Daniel, Eldress Anna, Br. Ernest, and others, to make the time pass pleasantly for all, will long be gratefully remembered. On August 6th loved Sister Matilda Reed spent the day with us. We love to have such mothers come to usthey always leave a blessing. We felt that she was a fit representative of her in whose footsteps she has so faithfully walked and of whose stepping upon American soil, this day was the anniversaryMother Ann Lee. Would that she had ten thousand as faithful daughters. Emoretta Belden. Shaker Station, Conn. Sept. 1894. 'Whatsoever a man soweth that shall he also reap;' that, and not something else. If we sow tares we shall reap vices. Let us be sure we are sowing to the Spirit, sure that what we are doing is just what we should do, then the fruit will be real joy and happiness. Let us grow better, not worse; seek the kingdom of heaven, not the kingdom of the earth. The choice is with ourselves. We should exemplify Christian virtues in daily life. Crowns of the victor are glorious and bright, bearing the cross brings increasing pleasure. Over the door-ways of the wonderful Cathedral of Milan are carved three inscriptions, viz.'All that which pleases is but for a moment.' 'All that which troubles is but for a moment.' 'That only is important which is eternal.' It is well to take an interest in building up a Christian character in others as w 11 as in ourselves. Characters for uprig tness are gained by self-denial. Habits form characters. Aug. 30th we were blessed with the presence of the Western Ministry, Elder Joseph Slingerland, Eldress Elizabeth Downing, Eldress Emily Robinson, with the Elders, Napoleon Brown and Eldress Ellen Ross. They brought encouragement, love and soul cheer. 'The largest apiarist in the world is in California; he has 6,000 hives, yielding 200,000 lbs. of honey, yearly. It is estimated that a bee must visit218,750 flowers for each ounce of honey gathered.' 300 doz. cans of Golden Wax string beans have been prepared for market. Paint lias improved the external appearance of five of our buildings. ******* Moulting hens need nourishing food, such as wheat, meat, barley and ground oats. The financial basis is the most important feature of poultry growing. Daniel Orcutt. 288 THE MANIFESTO. South. Family. Sept, 1894. 'Ask and ye shall receive.' This text was brought to my mind when seated to write the Notes for the Sept. Manifesto. And what a ministration comes when we are leady to accept the promises. To obtain the least of the gospel treasures, an effort must be made, and all our anxiety to possess the best gilts should be coveted, which inspires the mind to harmonious conditions. In the daily walks of life, we are called to wear the yoke, and bear the cross, of daily self-denial, thus becoming the recipients of good gifts, and a refreshing from the Spirit. With my heart and soul I will toil on to the end, where the treasures of God's love will be found. The past week we have been favored with the presence of our beloved Ministry, in company with the Ministry from Union Village. For this privilege we are truly thankful, and rejoice to receive their chastened ministrations of love and power, also their spiritual influence so potent for good. They are truly God's messengers. May they be abundantly blest for their maintenance of truth, and living faith, where they are divinely commissioned to teach. At present the drought which has been so long and severe, is the topic of conversation. It has not been confined to our immediate locality. As yet our water supply is good, while many are suffering. The sun at rising and setting, resembles a ball of fire, and the dense smoke is widespread. The grain has all been harvested in good condition. The corn will be affected by the want of rain. This week the rilling of the silo commences, which will be aided by steam. The work will probably take about a week. The health of our family is somewhat improved, for which our thanks are to the 'Giver of every good and perfect gift.' Maria Witham. Enfield, N. H. Sept. 1894. We have not much to speak of this month in the way of news, but we feel interest enough in the dear Manifesto to add a few lines at least. We have felt the effect of the long drought, although we have not suffered for lack of water for domestic purposes, as have some of our neighbors. On the 10th inst, we had a drenching rain so that vegetation is looking somewhat improved and fresher than it has for some weeks. The rain also laid the dust which has been the worst for years. August 25th, at 8 p.m. we had a splendid illumination on the lake. A parade of decorated boats and hundreds of lights and bonfires, with displays of fire-works made a scene of fairy-like magnificence. It was quite a dissipation to our little people as the display lasted till nearly 10 o'clock. Soon after midnight we were aroused by some people who were passengers on the steamer that plys between Enfield and Lake View. In the darkness the pilot had run them aground, and after the boat was floated they could not be induced to get aboard again. Some of our Brethren conveyed them to Enfield where they took the first train for their homes. It is pleasing to note a growing interest among the young people in the cause of religion. We,have recently organized a meeting for the younger part of the family and so far the attendance is good and the zeal unflagging. We are holding in loving anticipation a visit from the Ohio Ministry, and before this reaches the readers of the Manifesto it will be a thing of the past, though none the less precious to remember. G. II. Kirkley. North Family. Sept. 1894. We take pleasure in recording that with the usual influx of visitors to our Society this season, have been several distinguished characters, whose presence was a source of profit and pleasure. Dr. Julia Russell, of Concord, N. H., whose long experience in her vocation, combined with a philanthropic spirit, has blest the world and endeared her to hu- THE MANIFESTO. 239 manity. The talks of Mrs. Catherine Hardy, wife of Prof. Hardy, of Hanover, N. H. upon her travels in foreign lands, illustrating the religious advancement as noted by her, was especially interesting. The memorial address of Lawyer Thomas Savage, of Maplewood, Mass., was listened to with pleasure, while the company of the genial spirited Rev. Charles Lyford and wife of Cambridge, Mass., and the bible school conducted by our reverend friend was educative, for by mental comparisons arise clearer conceptions of the essential duties and consistent faith that benefit humanity and which should lessen the hold of nonessentials that cause one to 'hang reverently upon the neck of conservatism;' the pinion which impedes proper progression in the direction of a purer more universal fellowship in Christ. The drought of the past few weeks shows its power in capping the surrounding hills in russet brown, and likewise in beautifying the foliage with autumnal hues. While many of the farmers throughout the New England states are complaining of the blighting effects of the drought we have been wonderfully favored with usual good crops. As all life has its ever unfolding panorama of instruction, can we not learn that as the forest wilderness has been enriched and beautified by the masterful hands of architectural and agricultural grandeur for man's best good, so can humanity be transformed by the powers of regeneration into characters of beauty and active goodness. George II. Baxter. Sabbathday Lake, Me. Sept. 1894. We hear it said 'There is a time for everything' but time for writing has of late failed and consequently correspondents have to wait. We still have many people from far and near walking through our village and over our grounds, but we furnish them no meals, as the labor attached to that is beyond our strength; so few, and so much to do to carry on our trades. Last week two of our young Brothers, Stephen Gowen and Franklin Libby of Alfred, made us a short visit; too short; but the time was very pleasantly occupied and we are thankful to realize that we have young Brethren and Sisters in our Zion homes who will yet be able to bear the burdens which will surely fall upon them. To-day we are enjoying the great blessing of having with us the Ministry and some of the Elders from the western Societies. They bring with them much spiritual strength and encouragement which can not fail of being received by the faithful and true. 'Zion thou still art strong though thy enemies thy failure await.' But the end is not yet and never will be. 'Beautiful Zion decked with those who believe,'These were the words of Father James Whittaker, one hundred years ago, and Zion is not less beautiful to-day. Our garden and field crops promise an abundant harvest which will soon be gathered in. Autumn is here and we seem to be amply rewarded for the labors of the spring and summer. Ada S. Cumminr/a. Harvard, Mass. Sept. 18Q4. 'Time, thou art flying rapidly Ah! whither art thou flying?' These words of the poet Grey come into my mind as often as our very welcome Manifesto reminds us that another month has passed. We have not been blest with rain enough to do any good but once since the first of June. The earth is parched and everything is dry. Our beautiful maple trees are losing their color and assuming their autumnal hues. We are now engaged filling our silo. Ensilage rather dry and somewhat discolored, but mainly good though not qui e as large as common. On the 23rd of August our loved Sister Martha Carr departed this life. She has 240 THE MAN1FES1O. been a sufferer for some years, and though feeble in body was lovely in spirit. One of those of whom it can in truth be said; 'She was good.' We have just enjoyed a pleasant visit with Sisters, Marinda Keniston, Hester A. Darling and Nellie Hamlin, from Enfield, N. H. Such angel visitants bring a blessing in many ways. It is profitable to make a break in the daily routine, while interchange of thoughts develop ideas and quicken into action the dull machinery of the brain. We are so organized that we need changes and rest, and it would be better, in this age of hurry, if they came oftener. Our apple crop is good but in consequence of the drought apples are small. We have enough of everything for our daily needs, for which we are grateful. Mar da M. Billiard. Union Village, O. Sept. 1894. Silence often is greatly for the edification of us all. I have made many experiments in regard to it, and find that the more I can practice in a periodical manne r say as often as once a day and from fifteen minutes to half an hour or even at times an hour; a time of retirement and silence, and communion with the divine Inmost within'me; the more peacefully and fruit fully I travel all the time. How much mental and spiritual discipline for strength for peace, for love, forgiveness and patience it furnishes the Zion traveler! Let me ask you, who have never tried itDid you ever make the effort to keep your mind at a single given point and on one subject alone for five, nay, three or even one single minute? If you have not you will be astonished at the fugitive and foolish way your mind flits from trifle to trifle and how almost impossible it is to confine it to one weighty and important line of thought. But a daily habit of retirement into complete silence and sequestration from all outward things and holding communion with the Spirit alone will gradually give you a wonderful power of concentration of mind, so that you can think on any given point or subject of thought steadily and as long as you please. When one has reached that point, the advantages therefrom, in the blessings of victory, peace, and the perfect mastery of one's thoughts are far beyond description. Let me kindly exhort you to give it a year's trial and you will never give it up as long as you live. Well, our afflicting drought yet continues without abatement; I suppose it is our own fault. We have laid the land bare of forest trees, and for every thousand trees we have lost 500,000 tons of water which the beautiful trees would have elevated into the air and blessed us with refreshing showers. In the winter they would have protected our grains, vegetables and fruits from the destroying winds and frosts. So much for being money-mongers and fools. Indeed I am glad it is no worse for it seems as though it ought to be. What next? O here it isDo the eastern people come into a room where one is reading or writing and without the least apology, ply him for half or three quarters or even a whole hour with the merest, sheerest twaddle and sometimes a great deal worse, and not only expect such a reader or writer to lay down his book or pen and piously attended to the nonsense (or worse) to be communicated; but feel hurt and slighted if it is not done? Those who do so, of course, mean well; they doubtless wish to entertain you (and if not they at least want you to entertain them and both these are laudable and worthy motives,) but I fear they are not considering the esoteric meaning of the Golden Rule, and so commit a breach of good manners without knowing it or even thinking of it. One would suppose that the common sense would dictate a different behavior, but some one has said that common sense is one of the scarcest things in the market. Now there is nothing in the slighesfc degree criminal in this little dereliction 1 'HE MANIFES TO. 241 from good manners and common sense, it is simply somewhat annoying, and where communistic conditions exist, our relations are so close that all needless annoyances should be avoided. Sept. 10. We have had a fine shower this morning and are hoping for more. Our dear friends, the Ministry and Elders are visiting the eastern Believers and we hope they may have oceans of satisfaction and comfort in their sojourn among our good eastern friends for they surely are worthy and were also in need of a good long rest, and releasement from daily and nightly care and burden. O I would be so glad if the Manieesto were a weekly instead of a monthly. I would love to hear from every halcyon home in Shakerdom once a week at least. Kindest regards to all those who are running the Monthly. 0. C. Hampton. East Canterbury N. H. Weather Record for August, 1894. Highest Temp, during the month, 87 Lowest ' ' ' ' 44 Mean ' ' ' ' 66.1 Total Amount of rain, 1.88 JV. A. lirir/ffs. Sept. 1894. 'The summer is past.' After a few hot days and all is over. Possibly summer has been all that it could be in central New Hamphire, and has wrought out for the farmer and the summer tourist, a wonderful salvation in big crops or may be in rural pleasure. Well, it has brought more, much more than this, and we are rejoicing as did the prophet when he was the recipient of pleasant manifestations from kindred souls, 'Beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of those who bring glad tidings.' Messengers of this order are with us to-day and they bear to us blessings of the gospel of peace from dear friends in the states of Ohio and Kentucky. Coming as they do on a journey of a thousand miles, and from the beautiful and fertile fields of the west, they must witness a great contrast on reaching the farms of New England which are so hard to cultivate, aud so liberally covered with permanent and movable bowlders. It is with the most rigid economy that we are able to move on from year to year, and yet as the old farmer said in illustrating the fertility of his patch,'We have some pumpkins.' Well, on the cutting of our corn field, of a few acres, we discovered some pumpkins which have developed to an honorable size and may be reckoned by the hundreds. Pumpkin pies belong to an earlier generation and have given place to the finer qualities of the squash. We are now commencing our first experience with the silo, and have just finished one llxll^o and 32 ft. deep. Its estimated capacity is 101 tons. We planted five acres of Sanford sweet corn, some of which reached eleven feet, and after stiipping off the ripened ears, the stalks were cut for the silo. The pieces were about two inches long. After being filled it settled several feet, but the ensilage on the five acre lot will be all that can be forced into the silo. We shall now wait future developments and see what may be the advantages of this new article of food for milch cows and other stock. A tower has just been wised' to the height of thirty feet upon which has been placed a wind mill, to be used in forcing water from a well into a tank in the attic of a house of three stories. II. C. Blinn.