Union Village, O. Sept. 1894. Silence often is greatly for the edification of us all. I have made many experiments in regard to it, and find that the more I can practice in a periodical manne r say as often as once a day and from fifteen minutes to half an hour or even at times an hour; a time of retirement and silence, and communion with the divine Inmost within'me; the more peacefully and fruit fully I travel all the time. How much mental and spiritual discipline for strength for peace, for love, forgiveness and patience it furnishes the Zion traveler! Let me ask you, who have never tried itDid you ever make the effort to keep your mind at a single given point and on one subject alone for five, nay, three or even one single minute? If you have not you will be astonished at the fugitive and foolish way your mind flits from trifle to trifle and how almost impossible it is to confine it to one weighty and important line of thought. But a daily habit of retirement into complete silence and sequestration from all outward things and holding communion with the Spirit alone will gradually give you a wonderful power of concentration of mind, so that you can think on any given point or subject of thought steadily and as long as you please. When one has reached that point, the advantages therefrom, in the blessings of victory, peace, and the perfect mastery of one's thoughts are far beyond description. Let me kindly exhort you to give it a year's trial and you will never give it up as long as you live. Well, our afflicting drought yet continues without abatement; I suppose it is our own fault. We have laid the land bare of forest trees, and for every thousand trees we have lost 500,000 tons of water which the beautiful trees would have elevated into the air and blessed us with refreshing showers. In the winter they would have protected our grains, vegetables and fruits from the destroying winds and frosts. So much for being money-mongers and fools. Indeed I am glad it is no worse for it seems as though it ought to be. What next? O here it isDo the eastern people come into a room where one is reading or writing and without the least apology, ply him for half or three quarters or even a whole hour with the merest, sheerest twaddle and sometimes a great deal worse, and not only expect such a reader or writer to lay down his book or pen and piously attended to the nonsense (or worse) to be communicated; but feel hurt and slighted if it is not done? Those who do so, of course, mean well; they doubtless wish to entertain you (and if not they at least want you to entertain them and both these are laudable and worthy motives,) but I fear they are not considering the esoteric meaning of the Golden Rule, and so commit a breach of good manners without knowing it or even thinking of it. One would suppose that the common sense would dictate a different behavior, but some one has said that common sense is one of the scarcest things in the market. Now there is nothing in the slighesfc degree criminal in this little dereliction 1 'HE MANIFES TO. 241 from good manners and common sense, it is simply somewhat annoying, and where communistic conditions exist, our relations are so close that all needless annoyances should be avoided. Sept. 10. We have had a fine shower this morning and are hoping for more. Our dear friends, the Ministry and Elders are visiting the eastern Believers and we hope they may have oceans of satisfaction and comfort in their sojourn among our good eastern friends for they surely are worthy and were also in need of a good long rest, and releasement from daily and nightly care and burden. O I would be so glad if the Manieesto were a weekly instead of a monthly. I would love to hear from every halcyon home in Shakerdom once a week at least. Kindest regards to all those who are running the Monthly. 0. C. Hampton.