Brief Report of the Self-Improvement Society, at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. On the evening of Sept. 7, the regular meeting of the S. I. S. was held in the family meeting room; beautiful floral decorations were arranged in tasteful order and in harmony with the declining season. The members assembled at 7.15 with a desire to do the best that their mental and soul developments would allow. The proceedings were as follows: Hymn, 'Willing Service;' composed by Martha J. Anderson; A recitation by Bessie Tyner; Martha Burger read an article on 'Hygiene;' The Emancipation of Woman;' an essay by Annie K. Stephens; 'The Summer Song;' composed by Lucy S. Bowers was then beautifully rendered by six young Sisters. 'The Labor Exchange;' by Isabel Mac. Leod; 'Sabbath or Sunday;' an essay by Lucy S. Bowers; 'The Kose and Golden-rod,' poem by Martha J. Anderson, read by Julia Lincoln; 'Flowers from Heaven' was then sung by the young Sisters; 'Capital Punishment,' an essay by Belle Rullhausen; Poem upon the recent disastrous fire in the West, by Cora C. Vinneo; 'The Golden Age,' an essay by Catherine Allen; 'America's Working People,' poem by Cecelia DeVere read by Sarah J. Burger. The president here remarked that the productions were all original and that the time devoted to their arrangement was taken between the hours allotted to the common duties of life. We had with us two very interested visitors one of whom, Henry D. Lloyd is our mutual friend and co-laborer in the field of radical reform, concerning the system of wage slavery that is binding humanity in iron chains; he is a man of rare reflective qualities and deep intuitions, combined with large social and religious faculties; by religious we do not mean orthodox, but that deeper religion that sympathizes with humanity and comes in touch with its needs and sufferings. After the general exercises were completed we tendered to him an invitation to add whatever he might desire, by way of criticism, instruction or encouragement. In reply he said in part: I have no word of criticism to offer; I can understand that feeling that seeks for higher development and wishes to be criticised; I am in the same position myself; I am always a learner. I am agreeably surprised at the system that I find here, and am deeply impressed with the magnitude of the good that you are doing in a quiet way, but you must not always be so quiet, TJ JE MA XIFES TO. 243 the time is coming,is indeed already here when you should let your light shine and show the world the divine conditions under which you live. I have had a new experience while with you, feelings arise,a something has come over me (at this point lie showed the intensity of his spii-it that he could scarcely control) to which words fail to give utterance. I have had a great many thoughts while here, this one especially presents itself. I have long pondered in my mind how changed conditions for humanity could be brought about; to-night the problem seems solved, in the article read on 'Emancipation of Woman;' and did you know that it was a woman that first uttered those words of 'immediate emancipation,' which were our inspiration when our country was going through the strugglethe agonies of the rebellion? And will it be a woman that will utter the word of deliverance in the revolution that is already upon us? Another thought arises, do not for one moment think that the manual labor you perform is a hinderance to a higher development. Your equality in material labor is a great help to you in your mental and spiritual aspirations,a source of inspiration. I can not recall a single work of art in literature that has been a benefit to humanity that was not born of the needs of the people, it has never been the product of wealth or luxury, and the experiences of life that you derive from it will prove valuable in the development of your higher spiritual qualities. After more than a hundred years of growth, the result of self-sacrifice, devotion and chastity, is it possible to keep this accumulation of good to yourselves and not share it with others? I am fully convinced, that there is no other spot in America so favorable to the highest inspiration; no other people so susceptible to those clear, burning truths that are for the redemption of humanity. Your communal homes are the seed-beds from which must spring the plants whose leaves will heal the nations. From you who have so long dwelt in solitude, your lives and your work hidden from the. world, a voice will yet go forth and will be heard; it must be so. There is a power here that will strike a spark in the heavens whose fire will light the outer darkness. S. I. S.