Books and Papers. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for September is up to date as regards both matter and manner. The frontispiece is a handsome portrait of Mrs. Charlotte Fowler Wells. She is also the subject of an interesting phrenograph which Dr. Beall publishes at this time in honor of her eightieth birthday. The second number is a logical, eloquent and earnest plea for voice culture, by the well-known actress, Mary Shaw, which will attract attention among teachers and student.of elocution, and all who favor intellectual progress. Prof. Sizer, in his series, How to Study Strangers, shows his skill in delineating character from photographs; and Mrs. Wells, in a sketch of Dr. Sim, gives an account of a most remarkable phrenological test. The editor has an interview with an American 'White Mahatina,' recently returned from India, who tells of the marvels he has witnessed in the Orient, and describes many traits of character of the Hindoos, Japanese, Chinese, etc. This is illustrated by a number of fine engravings from foreign photographs. The departments of Child Culture and Hygiene are pithy, and the editorial columns are especially strong in advocating the need of phrenology in legislation, etc. Price, 15 cents, $1.50 a year. Address the Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 27 East 21st St., New York. The famous musical composers have taken a hint from their literary brethren, and are securing an advance magazine publication for their compositions just as the authors publish their novels in serial form. The Ladies' Home Journal, which was practically the first magazine to offer this outlet to composers of repute, finds all the musical men rallying to it, Sir Arthur Sullivan an nouncing that the new song which he has just finished will be published in that magazine. Patti's veteran conductor, Arditi, has given his new waltz to the Journal, while Reginald de Koven's new song goes also to the same periodical. Strauss has sent his new waltz to the editor, Sousa a new march, and Mascagni of 'Cavalleria Rusticana' fame, is writing a piano score. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. Contents. September. Diphtheria; The Treatment of Fevers; The Science of Phrenology; Anti-Vaccination; A Visit to the Jackson Sanatorium; A Letter and its Answer; The Pride of the Company; Disease; etc. etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo, Ind.