HISTORY OF SOUTH UNION, KY. No. 12. FEB. 13. Early this morning, thirty-six Confederate Cavalry call at the East family and ask for some milk. We supply the company and they pass on to the railroad station. We soon learn that these men are pressing into their service all the horses and negroes that they can find. They even capture the free negroes. Two of the Brethren go to Franklin in search of the two stolen horses. Some of the friendly citizens advised them to return to their home or they might lose the horses they were on. At four o'clock p. m. seven heavily armed robbers dash into our Village. They have stolen a valuable horse at the East family, and going directly to the field, capture another. They then enquire for the head man of the place, and Br. Urban Johns goes out to them. RobbersWe wish to get some of your fine riding horses. Br. TJ.We have none, you took most of our best horses some time since. Robbers.Oh, they were nothing but wagon horses. We want Cavalry horses. Br. TJ.We have none. Robbers.Where is your fine sorrel horse? We have the bay and now want the sorrel. Br. TJ.I do not know where it is. We have a written order that you are to take no more of our stock. Robbers.Who gave you that order? Br. TJ.General Hardee. Robbers.We do not belong to his brigade. We are Lincolnites. Where is your store? OCTOBER. 1894. 222 THE MANIFESTO. Br. U.We have none. Robbers.Where is your Center House? Br. U.On the other side of the street. Robbers.Well, where is the house in which you transact business? Br. U.At the Trustees' Office. Robbers.Well, go with us to the Office and we will give you a receipt for the horses, and then we want to buy some cloth. Br. U.We have none for sale. Robbers.We know you have, and we will have it. At this they went into the Office and John McLean warned them that they were in the Post Office and the company left the house in great haste and Br. John locked the door. Robbers.Oh, you need not lock that door ; locks do not stand in our way. Evidently they were afraid to use much force at the Post Office, however. A company of Sisters were called to assist the Brethren, and stood upon the steps of the Trustees' Office. Leaving the Post Office the soldiers turned to the next building, but found the steps blockaded by the Sisters. One of the company then cried out, 'Here, boys, this is the Office, come this way.' They said they intended to enter that house and see every room in it. During this time 1 went to the Meeting House to close some windows and while there prayed that we might be led to do the best thing in this time of our affliction. 'Give them something to eat' came forcibly to my mind and I soon learned that a corresponding impression had entered the minds of other Sisters. Robbers.Do you not have some cloth to sell ? Sisters.We have none. Robbers.But, we know you have it, we have been told so by your neighbors who are well acquainted with you. Sisters.Do not those of us who live in the house know best? If we had the cloth to sell, we would not tell you that we did not have it. Eldress Betsey Smith then addressed them, 'You are, certainly, too gentlemanly to rob poor, helpless women and children of their hard earnings, that which they have earned with their own hands.' Robbers.We know your resources. We know you have plenty of money and get what you want with it. Sisters.We are a poor, little dependent company, and work hard for our living. Robbers.You bought that shawl. Pointing to one worn by Eldress Nancy. Sisters.We did. Robbers.You wear silk kerchiefs; Do you buy them? Sisters.We make all our silk kerchiefs. We spin and weave the silk, ourselves. Robbers.Did you make the kerchief you have on? THE MANIFESTO. 223 Sisters.We buy no silk kerchiefs. Robbers.Well, it is very nice, anyhow. At this point we thought to change the conversation, and invited this rough, ungentlemanly company to accept of a dinner. To this they gruffly replied, 'No, we have had our dinner.' After more talking we induced them to move from the steps of the building, and becoming a little more passive, they conversed more pleasantly. Again they refused, but more mildly, our offer of food and then remarked, Bobbers.You do not know your riches. Sisters.We are not rich. We are not laying up treasures on earth. We work for our living, with our own hands. We have no slaves nor servants to work for us. Robbers.That is the reason we do not like you. You will not tolerate slavery. You are a set of abolitionists. Sisters.We are not abolitionists, yet we have nothing to do with slavery. We mind our own business. We do not interfere with any man's servants. Robbers.Your leaders have deposited all your money with some big men in New York. You are held in ignorance. One of our Brethren remarked,'You are mistaken. All we own is [placed in the care of Trustees of this Society, and no one in New York has any control over it.' The Brethren now brought several loaves of warm bread, a bucketful of milk, several pies, and some new peach sauce, from the family Dwelling. We filled the bowls with milk, and then passed it around, even at this time some of them modestly refused. Several mounted their horses and seemed anxious to leave the place, but after a little more persuasion we brought them all over, except one poor fellow, who rode off to the pastures in search of another horse. After this simple repast they became more gentlemanly. The Sisters conversed pleasantly with the men and tried to change their minds from their wicked designs. When they entered the place they told us that Bowling Green was burned, and that Shaker Village would be burned; but after they had become better men, through kindness and a bowl of bread and milk, we again asked them if the town of Bowling Green was really destroyed. Robbers.It was fired in four or five places, and one bridge was blown up. Sisters.We are sorry to hear of the loss of property, and sorry that our country is in such a condition. We have a high regard for the Mississippians, and our Brethren have traded a great deal with them and entertain deep feelings of friendship and respect for them. Robbers.Kentucky is disloyal to the south. Anyhow Mississippi has more men now in Bowling Green, than Kentucky has in Confederate service. Nine-tenths of the Kentuckians are Lincolnites, and what will you do when the Lincolnites come here? 224 THE MANIFESTO. Sisters.We do not know what we shall do. We shall endeavor to do right. Robber.You are all abolitionists and your property is held by men in New York, so we have been informed. Sisters.Then you are mistaken. Robbers.You don't know, you are held in ignorance by your leaders, who do not work. Br. Urban Johns, one of the Ti'ustees of the Society, was standing near to us, with his working suit on, when a Brother asked,'don't he look as if he worked? And he is one of the head men as you call them.' Robbers.We know that you have cloth and plenty of money. Sisters.We have done a great deal fur the southern soldiers, and have been on friendly terms with them, and it can not be that you will rob us. Robbers.We need more horses and we need cloth, and money. Yo&gt;u have plenty of money and plenty of horses. We can not plough the lai'.id without horses. i By this time one of the company acted as though he was ashamed of the proceedings, and said,'Let's go.' : Another said, 'I wonder what we came here for?' One hundred thousand Lincolnites are coming on to Bowling Green and will kill all the southerners they find in the place. .' The Sisters said they sympathized with the South, and were sorry for tht? country. Robbers.We know how you sympathize. If the Lincolnites should come you would sympathize with them just the same. Sisters.Certainly, we would, we should treat them kindly, and do for them as we have done for you. We do not take sides with either party. The robbers remarked that the Federals were coming and would be in Bowling Green to-morrow. As the Captain closed his meal he remarked, 'I declare you are mighty friendly, anyhow,' and mounting his horse, he said, 'You must have that cloth ready for us when we return to-night, and then we will give you a receipt for your horses.' They dashed off in a hurry and meeting a Brother near the station demanded his horse. Finding the horse blind in one eye they would not take him. The Brother rode along a short distance when another company demanded his horse. The Brother again said he was blind in one eye. But they replied,'Never mind, we want the horse, he will be worth something.' They made Br. Robert Sammons, who was sixty years old, alight from his horse, take off the saddle, and putting it on the old man's back, told him to go home. They met another Brother near the station and demanded his horse. 'My horse is lame and tender-footed and can not travel with much speed,' THE MANIFESTO. 225 and he soon convinced them of the fact. They then cursed the Shakers for having such old, blind and lame horses. This Brother returned with his horse, and they also let him have one of the horses that were stolen a few nights since. (To be continued.)