Enfield, N. H. Sept. 1894. We have not much to speak of this month in the way of news, but we feel interest enough in the dear Manifesto to add a few lines at least. We have felt the effect of the long drought, although we have not suffered for lack of water for domestic purposes, as have some of our neighbors. On the 10th inst, we had a drenching rain so that vegetation is looking somewhat improved and fresher than it has for some weeks. The rain also laid the dust which has been the worst for years. August 25th, at 8 p.m. we had a splendid illumination on the lake. A parade of decorated boats and hundreds of lights and bonfires, with displays of fire-works made a scene of fairy-like magnificence. It was quite a dissipation to our little people as the display lasted till nearly 10 o'clock. Soon after midnight we were aroused by some people who were passengers on the steamer that plys between Enfield and Lake View. In the darkness the pilot had run them aground, and after the boat was floated they could not be induced to get aboard again. Some of our Brethren conveyed them to Enfield where they took the first train for their homes. It is pleasing to note a growing interest among the young people in the cause of religion. We,have recently organized a meeting for the younger part of the family and so far the attendance is good and the zeal unflagging. We are holding in loving anticipation a visit from the Ohio Ministry, and before this reaches the readers of the Manifesto it will be a thing of the past, though none the less precious to remember. G. II. Kirkley. North Family. Sept. 1894. We take pleasure in recording that with the usual influx of visitors to our Society this season, have been several distinguished characters, whose presence was a source of profit and pleasure. Dr. Julia Russell, of Concord, N. H., whose long experience in her vocation, combined with a philanthropic spirit, has blest the world and endeared her to hu- THE MANIFESTO. 239 manity. The talks of Mrs. Catherine Hardy, wife of Prof. Hardy, of Hanover, N. H. upon her travels in foreign lands, illustrating the religious advancement as noted by her, was especially interesting. The memorial address of Lawyer Thomas Savage, of Maplewood, Mass., was listened to with pleasure, while the company of the genial spirited Rev. Charles Lyford and wife of Cambridge, Mass., and the bible school conducted by our reverend friend was educative, for by mental comparisons arise clearer conceptions of the essential duties and consistent faith that benefit humanity and which should lessen the hold of nonessentials that cause one to 'hang reverently upon the neck of conservatism;' the pinion which impedes proper progression in the direction of a purer more universal fellowship in Christ. The drought of the past few weeks shows its power in capping the surrounding hills in russet brown, and likewise in beautifying the foliage with autumnal hues. While many of the farmers throughout the New England states are complaining of the blighting effects of the drought we have been wonderfully favored with usual good crops. As all life has its ever unfolding panorama of instruction, can we not learn that as the forest wilderness has been enriched and beautified by the masterful hands of architectural and agricultural grandeur for man's best good, so can humanity be transformed by the powers of regeneration into characters of beauty and active goodness. George II. Baxter.