O CRUX SPES UNICA. By Louis Basting. A MARVELOUS thing of beauty greeted the eye at the evening meal. 7~\ Pan si es, clothed in richest purple, shading into cerulean blue and amethystine violet, bordered with deep orange tints that melted to the pale gold of the light of the harvest moon, whose innocent baby-eyes looked with wondrous penetration into your soul, composed the central figure of a cross. It was surrounded by the chaste leaves of the ice plant, creating by contrast of color the effect of water; it seemed to float. Oh, what thoughts were started upon beholding the sacred symbol set m the fairest works God has made! The imagination flowed back to old Judta and in spirit saw the scenes of which the Son of Mary was the life anl chief actor. Solemnly came down the ages the memorable words : 'If anv man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and\ follow me.' Twenty-four years ago there were stirring events taking place in France. The emperor had declared war against Germany, but in quick succession his armies were defeated, himself made prisoner, his throne declared forfeited, and the republic proclaimed. But in the confusion incident to the sudden and violent changes, a number of malcontents, refusing obedience to the new government, obtained control of the city of Paris; and when their case had become hopeless, they resorted to every kind of outrage, murder and pillage, burning the finest parts of the city. They imprisoned the archbishop, George Darboy, a man of stainless character, against whom no charge of misdemeanor was ever made, and shot him. In his cell were found the words he had traced upon the wall; 'O Crux Spes Unica'0 cross, my only hope. He fell with uplifted hands blessing his murderers. He died as a Christian should, without hate or rancor, sustained by a saving faith. But how about those whose lives are cast in seclusion ; who are oppressed by circumstance and environment; who feel the disappointment of hope and the betrayal of confiding trust so keenly, that the martyr's doom, be it cross or bullet, seems preferable to the long, lingering agony of daily and hourly THE MANIFESTO. 227 torture. To be wouudi-d iii the house of our friends ; to be misunderstood and misinterpreted; to see love grow cold and faith become weak; to see sr.cred principles set aside for mercenary considerations; when the midnight prayer seems unanswered and the tears flow inward, scorching the soul, and the sinister question obtrudes itself ; Have I made a mistake ? are faith and duty hope and self-denial, but a delusion? why not return blow for blow, and meet craft with craft? then, on fellow-pilgrim, regard thy cross. See, it is not the bitter wood of Calvary, but one of flow^ers, woven by consecrated hands and pure, loving hearts, whispering a gentle call to duty, and noble action. 'Let him take up his cross,' are the Master's words. Resist not evil when nothing can be gained by resistance, but retain in your hearts, and have appear in your lives, the testimony of truth, and when the hour comes, give it utterance. Character will tell at last; no good is ever permanently lost; that God who remembers the lilies and the sparrows, will certainly not forget us. Beloved travelers up the hill of Mt. Zion, you who have borne the heat and burden of the day for many years, but who now feel as crying with the Psalmist; O Lord, how long! and dear young friends, who have entered the gospel path, but who dread the uncertain future, and who look with anxious eyes from on high to confirm their faith, let us read together Hebrews xii., in the spirit in which it was written, believing, doubting not. There we find that a great cloud of witnesses takes cognizance of all our actions, both good and evil; that Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, not only bore his cross but also the contradiction of sinners ; that without being at peace with all men and walking in holiness of life, none shall see the Lord. 'Wherefore, we receiving a kingdom which can not be moved, let us have grace, whereby we may serve God acceptably, with reverence and godly fear.' 0 Crux Spes Unica! West Pittsfield, Mass.