Shaker Station, Conn. Sept. 1894. 'Whatsoever a man soweth that shall he also reap;' that, and not something else. If we sow tares we shall reap vices. Let us be sure we are sowing to the Spirit, sure that what we are doing is just what we should do, then the fruit will be real joy and happiness. Let us grow better, not worse; seek the kingdom of heaven, not the kingdom of the earth. The choice is with ourselves. We should exemplify Christian virtues in daily life. Crowns of the victor are glorious and bright, bearing the cross brings increasing pleasure. Over the door-ways of the wonderful Cathedral of Milan are carved three inscriptions, viz.'All that which pleases is but for a moment.' 'All that which troubles is but for a moment.' 'That only is important which is eternal.' It is well to take an interest in building up a Christian character in others as w 11 as in ourselves. Characters for uprig tness are gained by self-denial. Habits form characters. Aug. 30th we were blessed with the presence of the Western Ministry, Elder Joseph Slingerland, Eldress Elizabeth Downing, Eldress Emily Robinson, with the Elders, Napoleon Brown and Eldress Ellen Ross. They brought encouragement, love and soul cheer. 'The largest apiarist in the world is in California; he has 6,000 hives, yielding 200,000 lbs. of honey, yearly. It is estimated that a bee must visit218,750 flowers for each ounce of honey gathered.' 300 doz. cans of Golden Wax string beans have been prepared for market. Paint lias improved the external appearance of five of our buildings. ******* Moulting hens need nourishing food, such as wheat, meat, barley and ground oats. The financial basis is the most important feature of poultry growing. Daniel Orcutt. 288 THE MANIFESTO. South. Family. Sept, 1894. 'Ask and ye shall receive.' This text was brought to my mind when seated to write the Notes for the Sept. Manifesto. And what a ministration comes when we are leady to accept the promises. To obtain the least of the gospel treasures, an effort must be made, and all our anxiety to possess the best gilts should be coveted, which inspires the mind to harmonious conditions. In the daily walks of life, we are called to wear the yoke, and bear the cross, of daily self-denial, thus becoming the recipients of good gifts, and a refreshing from the Spirit. With my heart and soul I will toil on to the end, where the treasures of God's love will be found. The past week we have been favored with the presence of our beloved Ministry, in company with the Ministry from Union Village. For this privilege we are truly thankful, and rejoice to receive their chastened ministrations of love and power, also their spiritual influence so potent for good. They are truly God's messengers. May they be abundantly blest for their maintenance of truth, and living faith, where they are divinely commissioned to teach. At present the drought which has been so long and severe, is the topic of conversation. It has not been confined to our immediate locality. As yet our water supply is good, while many are suffering. The sun at rising and setting, resembles a ball of fire, and the dense smoke is widespread. The grain has all been harvested in good condition. The corn will be affected by the want of rain. This week the rilling of the silo commences, which will be aided by steam. The work will probably take about a week. The health of our family is somewhat improved, for which our thanks are to the 'Giver of every good and perfect gift.' Maria Witham.