GOVERNMENT. By Alonzo G. Eollister. IT was said by a wise and trusted leader of the Virgin Brotherhood, Ruth Landon, that 'Where there is no government, there is no God.' This proposition can be easily proved, and if God is synonymous with good and goodness, the said condition implies a total absence of all desirable qualities. It is self-evident that where there is no government there can be no law, for law is the effect of a governing cause, and the governing cause of law, must be intelligent. Where there is no law, there certainly can not be order; and where order is not, there can not be harmony and co-operation. Then, if God is a God 228 THE MANIFESTO. of order, and 'order is heaven's first law,' the nearer we come to God, the more order He does require, as declared by one of our seers. All the works of the divine Creator, evidence order, design, adaptation of parts, and a harmony and regularity of action, which prove a Governor at the helm, from whom all order and regulation proceeds. This is proved not only by the movements and regularity of worlds, whose periods of revolution are exact to seconds of time, which h;ive to be included* in calculations in order to correctly predict and locate celestial phenomena,such as conjunctions, occupations and eclipses,but by the fine and delicately organized machinery of all animal and vegetable life. Also by the laws of all chemical combinations, which are fixed beyond the power of man's wisdom to change or modify. The governing and directing principle of all automatic, intelligent, selfmoving life, is placed in the head of the body. We believe it safe to say there can be no living body manifesting rational intelligence, without a head or center of power to organize, unitize and direct to a common purpose, all the elements and factors required to produce said manifestation. It was a saying of Mother Ann Lee, that a body without a head is a monster. In accord with this view, a riotous mob has been aptly styled 'A monster without brains.' Mother Ann also used the simile, l'How active the hands will be to save the head from a threatened blow,' to illustrate the duty of members to the head of the body social. Careful observation and seer-ship have discovered that man is not an originator of life, nor is the living, progressive, ideal man and woman like a pool or cistern, but rather like a flame, expending or transmuting ami transmitting life, which is supplied by constant influx through the brain. This has its analogue in the physical body, which has to be continually fed, to supply the expenditure all the time going on while body or mind are acting. Dr. Buchanan, the most advanced and scientific of Anthropologists, has demonstrated by experiment and observation, that all parts of the body are duplicated by representation in the head; hence, the ready response of the latter to all requirements of the former, and vice versa. This we regard as a true type of what the body social is, when perfected. The head of the body social, if it be a true head, responds to the interests of all the members of the body, and the support rendered by members to the head, is not to exalt a personality nor persons, but to promote the health of the body and the welfare of all its members. The apostle Paul, in 1 Cor. xii, and elsewhere, compares the body of Christ, i. e. the visible congregation of believers in Christ, to the human body, and declares that we are all members one of another. This union is so close, that if one member suffers, the whole body suffers with it. If all members were the head, where would be the feet, or the hands. If all were the eye, where would be the hearing. The head, though ruling, is minister or servant of the whole body. THE MANIFESTO. 229 Jesus, who is h-ad oi all his true disciples, declares, 'The Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister.' The greek word, here translated minister means to serve, as if he had said I came not to be served, but to serve. In agreement with this he says,Those esteemed to rule the nations, lord it over them, and their great ones exercise authority over them but it shall not be so among you. Whoever may wish to become great among you, shall be your servant, and whoever wishes to become first, shall be slave of all. (Mark 10: 42.) This is the true principle of communal order and relationship. He or she who accomplishes the greatest and most useful service to the body, will in the end be the richest and most honored of all. The love, esteem, and appreciation of all the members will flow to the faithful and wise contributor of good deeds, spontaneously in return for benefits received, even as the blood of the body flows back to the heart which sends it forth. The head is the center of unity and all-concerted action in members of bodies social, industrial, ecclesiastic, literary, scientific, debating or political. Its utility and necessity is proved by the fact that a number of people can not combine effectively to do a job of work requiring skill, or to gain knowledge by study, or by profitable discussion, or to accomplish any difficult or desirable enterprise, without having* a head to oversee and direct. It is found in the, elder, teacher, boss, architect, captain, king, general, commander, bishop, priest, pope, parson, patriarch, chairman, moderator, chief, president, emperor, sachem and sheik. Its necessity is proved by every attempt of members of an organized body, to set up independence of its head; also by the impracticability of accomplishing any useful purpose requiring co-operation, without a leading mind to direct. Though a head may sometimes blunder, or fail to fill its office, it does not impair the office, nor do away with its necessity. People recognize the principle here contended for, in all national and tribal wars, and in all enterprises for pleasure or material gain. But when it comes to following Christ and crucifying the selfish will,, some people who seem to desire all the benefits, without sacrificing ambition, find great obstruction and much fault, with the constituted head of the body, unless themselves are the head. Of course the vaporings of the carnal mind can not undo the law. It is sometimes claimed that all just governments derive their authority from the consent of the governed. But this is true only of democratic governments. The government of a jail, of a lunatic asylum, of a school, of a family of children, derives no authority from the consent of the governed, but from the reason and judgment of the people who create those institutions. Neither does the government of Christ derive authority from the consent of the governed, but from its divine Author. For Jesus says to his chief apostles;Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you and ordain- 230 THE MANIFESTO. ed you, that ye may bear much fruit. Apart from me ye can do nothing. Even an unjust and oppressive government, over a savage and barbaric people, is better than no government. Herod the Idumean is referred to by writers as an outrageous tyrant. But was he worse than the fractious and quarrelsome people over whom he ruled ? He suppressed robber outlaws, and compelled violent and contentious parties to live in outward harmony, and to respect each other's rights. He muzzled the bears and lions of his dominion and thereby rendered use ful service to the people of his day and generation. He built cities and temples, gave employment to the laboring class, and paid them for their services. The same can be said of some other oppressive governments, fastened on the people by force or fraud. So long as the people are actuated by covetousness and hate, rather than by benevolence and love to the neighbor, their governments will partake more or less of the same character. Hence the surest way to improve the government of a people, is to improve the moral status of the people. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.