HUMAN PROGRESS. Prospective and Retrospective. By Hamilton DeGraw. IN the words of the inspired psalmist, we can exclaim ; 'Lord, what is man, that thou shouldst be mindful of him?' The question can be properly answered by saying that he is the aggregation and accumulation of all the progressive forces that have evolved from out of primeval chaos, the being that has been pronounced only a little lower than the angels. We propose to discuss the subject of human progress in the light of an optimist, and view life as on the ascending scale; for to admit of any other deductions or conclusions, would be to admit the possibility of annihilation. When the Omnipotent said, 'let there be light,' and there was light, it was the enunciation of the law of eternal progress. In the light of geology, life has ascended from the lower types. The doctrine of evolution, does not and can not conflict with the divine creative plan, as it is one with the divine Spirit. All physical life has its period of growth and decay ; but the vital force, the soul life, is immortal, not at all subject to physical law. The fall of civilization, indicates and proves the law of progress as truly as their rise. The spiritual forces that had evolved them, demanded a more advanced medium through which to manifest its life, and all that had been attained, was not lost to the race as a whole. We at present hold as a divine inheritance from the past, all that they had gained in their struggles on their upward journey.. THE MANIFESTO. 231 The present social, political and religious structure of society must eventually give way to something more advanced when the time comes for the ripening of the harvest. Present indications point very strongly to the fact that the time is near at hand and even at the door, when the consummation of the present age will be accomplished and the human race will cast off its worn and soiled garments and reclothe itself in raiment that is more in accord with its advanced conditions. But let none be deceived. The old, while it must die and make room for the new, will recede, only as it is compelled to. The new must force its way upward, through a dead and inert mass, but it will be done. While there are many who cry, 'lo here and lo there,' suggesting plans for the betterment of human conditions; many that are yet premature ; the ripen-* ing of the harvest steadily proceeds, and those watchers on the towers who are waiting to catch a glimpse of the new day and proclaim it to the world, will not be disappointed, for in the fullness of time will be evolved a civilization, the grandeur of which, at present can not be comprehended. In the coming time, the cosmopolitan spirit will be more manifest, unifying mankind, abolishing race, social and religious distinctions that now divide mankind into many discordant factors. The divine Revelator caught a view of the Millennial age in the innumerable host that no man could number, who stood with the spiritualized band on the mount of exaltation, representing the human race, when they had attained to that state of spiritual growth where they were free from the bondage to the elementary forces, and had through tribulation, worked out their salvation. 'First that which is natural and afterward that which is spiritual;' and the intense struggle at present in operation, to master the physical forces of the world and bring them under subjection, forcibly illustrates that fact. ' 'Tis coming up the steep of time and this old world is growing brighter.' Truly the ascent of man up the hill of progression may be slow, but it must be and is permanent. The growth of the present age, will stand as a beacon light, to guide the future traveler with more safety. Each generation lighting new ones, marking the pitfalls that they may be avoided. Finally, nothing will stay the onward march of the race, because it is so linked to the divine Spirit, and the inspiration that is drawn to feed its life is 'from above, in that realm where the influence from the elementary forces does not enter, and from which, is sent strong currents of attraction that will eventually evolve the harmonial age. Shakers, N. Y.