THE CHRISTIAN MISSION. WE are inclined, sometimes, to think that it almost needs a special inspiration in order to be able to do good, and instantly our minds are carried to the words of the apostle, 'When I would do good, evil is present with me.' If unfortunately our conditions are such as to hold us under unfavorable influences, then it may well be said that an inspiration is needed to keep our feet in the path of right. To be good and to do good, is indeed, a very simple sentence, and at first thought might be laid aside as of little value. But when we speak of our pilgrimage though this life, and the great responsibility that devolves upon every one to so live that the world may be made better by our presence, then those little monosyllables become wonderfully magnified in their influence for righteousness and peace. God is good,and that in a superlative degree, but inasmuch as we are recipients of the spirit of good, in that same degree are we god-like, and are made able to be and to do good on our pilgrimage toward the Holy City. No order of religious profession, nor any system of ancient or modern ceremonies can do fur an individual or for a community what may be done through the influence of this simple sentence. To live in the spirit of consecrated righteousness is to live in the inspiration of God. It is allowing the inspirational light to shine into our own hearts and no less into the hearts of those around us. 'Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall go no more out.' A deeper and a better inspiration now enables the soul to be a pillar in the temple of God, and its quality of goodness must determine its value in this sacred place. Certainly its whole life is now absorbed in doing good. The whole of the Christian mission has for its foundation the work of doing good. It was to the poor that the gospel was preached and they soon learned that it was, to them, the glad tidings of great joy. The deaf were made to hear, the blind to see and the lame to walk. All were healed of their infirmities and sent forward on the mission of doing good to others. The establishing of a Christian Community which Jesus entered upon so soon as he began to preach was included in his mission of doing good, and it was from this incentive that the apostles were able at a later date to establish an organization that represented the Christianity of Jesus in THE MANIFESTO. 257 its perfected state. When the twelve were engaged in their evangelistic work they appointed one to take charge of their financial interests and to provide for the company as circumstances demanded. This was the first lesson of consecration that was given out by the divine Teacher. 'Whosoever he be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath, he can not be my disciple,' and in conversation with the rich young man, Jesus was free to tell him that he had not where to lay his head. That is, he had no selfish home, and when Peter spoke for himself and his brethren, 'Behold, we have forsaken all to follow thee,' he was in a corresponding state. It was the brotherhood of Jesus. All that the disciples possessed was consecrated to the good of the Community. Here begins the work of mercy and of charity and of deep interest for the good of mankind at large, and this leads us to this conclusion. To be a follower of Jesus the Christ, one must forsake all that he hath. He must become as said the apostle,'Crucified to the world.' Here then is the opportunity to be good, agreeably to the instruction of the Teacher. There is nothing very mysterious about it, and it requires no extended time in which to study the simple lesson of consecration. If we are diligent pupils in this school of Christ we shall regard the Teacher in that he says,'Learn of me.' As he went about doing good, his disciples can do no less. And here comes the place where the inspirations from a higher source need flow into the mind and mould the thoughts, words and actions, agreeably, to the pattern. Inspired! Can a man be otherwise than inspired if he accept 'the wisdom that is from above, first pure, then peaceable, easy to be entreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality and without hypocrisy ?' Again we may profitably be reminded of the admonition of Jesus, 'Learn of me,' as it is so easy to be careless of the words we speak. No one for a moment would believe that Jesus was indifferent to the influence which he exercised over the minds of others, or that he used a style of language, on any occasion that was below the standard of Christian propriety. To do good requires of us a corresponding care, as the life of Christ must be that of a careful disciplinarian, and whether at home or abroad, nothing should be allowed to enter the heart that will not bear this test.