HEALTH. Martha Burger. (WRITTEN FOR THE SELF-IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY.) TT^O my understanding this little word comprehends a meaning that is JL magnificent; that for which we express our aim in the motto of our society; ''Harmony of being; physical, intellectual and spiritual.' 'The wonderful harp of a thousand strings,' all attuned to the divine thought of our Creator. Of the various departments of our being each has its laws, and these should be studied systematically, and obeyed in the love of truth and in reverence to the God in our own being, One has written, 'Cultivate the physical forces exclusively and you have an athlete or a savage; the moral only and you have an enthusiast or maniac; the intellectual only and you have a diseased oddity, it may be a monster. It is only by training all together, the physical, intellectual, social and spiritual faculties that the complete man, the true image of God can be formed.' We, as a Society and Order of people, have opportunities for such training unequaled by the greater part of the human family. In the neglect of these we must not only bear the reproach which will be manifest in our individual being, but we shall be responsible for our short-comings in the lessened power for good which we might otherwise exert upon the lives of others. On the present occasion we will limit ourselves to a few remarks and rules relative to our physical being. Among the Ancient Spaniards it was an adage that 'every man at thirty was either a physiologist or a fool.' I suppose we should all like to be certain as to which class we belong; and will therefore be willing to give some attention to the structure of the 'house we live in.' First, a few words upon the vegetarian diet may be in place, as there are still in our own time many intelligent and earnest reformers in some lines, who hold that animal food is essential to health and strength; but to us this seems a mistake even in theory, when the best authorities on the subject teach us that as human beings our anatomical structure is decidedly graminivorous rather than carnivorous, and the weight of evidence in favor of physical endurance is on the side of the former, in races, nations and all burden bearing animals. Aside from this, to all who are striving to develop the divinest and most interior faculties of being, ethical considerations are paramount to all others, and the more refined and spiritual natures turn with abhorrence from the scenes of the slaughter house and meat market, and shrink from the idea of slaying innocent creatures and mingling their dead bodies with the life blood of their own, while favored with soil and climate adapted to rich harvests of grains and fruits. 250 THE MANIFESTO. Being thus blest and having also abundance of the best and purest of all beverages gushing from our hillside, and so situated that we nifty breathe deeply of the exhilarating mountain air, we realize the worth of the only genuine blood purifier, and may enjoy that priceless boon of health and happiness which all the contents of a drug store would b?. powerless to bestow. It is well for us in eating and drinking to observe use rather than pleasure, and accustom ourselves to regular habits. Condiments and stimulating drinks should rarely be used. The skin should be kept clean aud active, the temper even, and the mind contented; thus we may indeed make of our bodies k'temples of the Holy Spirit.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.