NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. September. Thermometer. Rain. 1893. 56. 10.125in. 1894. 64.1 5 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 87 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 32 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 13 ' clear ' ' ' 11 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 6 C. G. Reed. Oct. 1894. The protracted drought of summer is at last ended. Since the 10th of September, the needed rains have changed the sered pastures, orchards, and lawns to a thrifty and beautiful green and our mountain springs are again supplied. Like the bee and the ant, which are so often cited as examples of industry, we are gathering our winter stores, which the faithful toils through summer, aided by the sunshine and shower have given us. I see by Notes from Harvard, that by reason of drought, apples though plentiful are small. It is not so here. Never in our recollection, has good fortune given us such a crop of colossal apples. Through the September Notes, we could trace the visit of the loved Ministry and Elders from the West, and on the 1st inst it was our happy privilege to welcome them to Lebanon. We have enjoyed their association, more than pen can express, and especially so since though brief their stay, we could say 'Home Again' to our worthy Elder Joseph Slingerland, who from early childhood, to mature and useful manhood, was with us through joy and sorrow, toil and spiritual growth. We are happy to 'cast our bread upon the waters,' though we may hunger ourselves, for by it we feel the benefits of a sympa. thetic cord of union and fellowship, with our Western friends which holds us all to our noble purpose. On the evening of the 4th inst. our family were invited to attend with the Social Improvement Society at the North family, with our own loved Central Ministry, and friends from the West, and a profitable and delightful evening was spent. Flowers and sweet music both vocal and instrumental were appropriately interspersed with original productions of the class, both extempore, and prepared. This revives anew the faith which has been ours .from early life, that a perfect gospel growth, includes the entire being, physical mental and spiritual. It should purify both body and soul, quicken and consecrate the intellect, and refine every thought word and action. These beautiful privileges which our gospel gives us, are authenticated by the words of Father James'. 'There is nothing too good for the people of God;' also by our Savior's promise 'Seek ye first the kingdom of God and its righteousness and all these things shall be added.' Amelia J. Culver. TERMS. SCO TEE MANIFESTO. ^orth Family. Oct. 1894. The harvest is past, the summer is ended and it we are not fully saved we know t!ie essentials of salvation and hope by a faithful continuance in well-doing to be so some day. Through all the vicissitudes of a remarkable spring and summer we have lived and been well cared for, and at the end have harvested very satisfactory returns for our labors all around. When a young boy I heard a sermon preached from the text, 'I have been young and now am old, yet have I not seen the righteous forsaken nor his seed begging bread.' Listening to the preacher I was inspired with a faith in Divine Providence that has been a stay and consolation through life. 'Trust in God and do the right.' Living up to our highest light, in the daily practice of gospel principles in the spirit of peace and union, neither drought nor flood, fire nor wind can destroy the confidence and satisfaction and benefits that will flow to us. Our reward will be to us according as we love and serve each other. Our beloved gospel friends the Ministry and Elders of the Western Societies paid us a visit. We enjoyed a rare privilege which we much appreciated. On the evening of one of the days they spent with us, our 'Self Improvement Society' entertained them. The Central Ministry and a company of Elders, Brethren and Sisters of the Church and Center families were also present. At the close very appreciative and encouraging remarks were made. Eldress Harriet expressed the thankfulness and satisfaction she felt as a spiritual parent to see her young charge making such earnest and successful efforts to cultivate their minds in all that is good and beautiful and useful, that they might thereby be of greater service in the cause they have espoused. Taking up this thought Elder Daniel remarked that Elder Frederic used to say that young people brought up under our care were more credit to us if they excelled us in virtue and knowledge than if they were behind. During the meeting the question was asked by one of the Sisters, 'What of the future of Shakerism?' and replied to by another Sister. Which at the close of the meeting called forth a few remarks. Whatever the future may have in store for the Shaker Institution, Shaker principles are imperishable and are finding wider and firmer acceptance continually. The question f )r us is 'Has the Shaker Society leaders to put it upon a basis for the better and more complete practice of its principles.' Time will prove. I for one will trust in the spirit of God in my Elders, Brethren and Sisters and strive to do the right myself. Walter S. Shepherd.