Dear Children:--'Blessed are the pure in heart'... Shaker Station, Conn. Oct., 1894. Dear Children:'Blessed are the pure in heart.' The heart is the seat of principles and the fountain of action. If the fountain is impure, the stream will be impure. If your hearts are sinful, your lives must be wrong. If your hearts are pure, your souls will be lovely. All sin proceeds from the heart. Cleanse the fountain and the streams of thought and action will be pure. How can pure thoughts enter within, if the heart becomes a dwelling for sin? Guard your souls against the approaches of evil. Use every means at your disposal for becoming virtuous. Purity is the brightest jewel that can ever adorn your characters. Get a good start for heaven. 'Well begun is half done.' Start with pure motives and high ideals of Christian life. How inspiring the thought. What golden opportunities are yours. Results of a virtuous life are glorious in actual fruitage. Virtue's path is pleasant and plain, walking therein is eternal gain. Consider what evils may result from one wrong step. One habit, one sin, one companion, one book, may affect your whole life and character. 'Take heed what you read.' Bad books better no one. I want to say to those I find reading that which is improper, 'Eschew that which is evil, cleave to that which is good,' which will be as safe a maxim to follow with regard to what they read, as to what they do. Bead that which will make you think good thoughts and live good lives. Good books make one feel that truth and purity are beautiful and possible; they make it seem worth while to strive to live nobly. Pure reading refines and brings soul cheer, and gives us strength to persevere. Have pure reading, pure thoughts, pure hearts. Learn virtue, and when you learn from a book or elsewhere that which is wise and good, proceed at once to practice it. Walk in the way of eternal life. May your peace be like a river and your joj, like the waves of the sea. May your years be many and bright with truth and virtue. Daniel Orcutt.