Canaan, N. Y. Oct. 1894. Our protracted silence is not caused from a lack of interest in our little harbinger, by no means, for we are deeply interested in every effort made to spread the tidings of this blessed gospel, which we are zealously striving to keep by applying its principles to our daily lives that we may build up a home worthy to attract truth loving souls. We have been greatly blessed the past season. Haying and harvesting all done and well done by interested, consecrated young Brethren and boys who though having worked hard have found true enjoyment in the labor because it was unselfish and therefore sanctified. Our yield of potatoes is much greater 264 THE MANIFESTO. and better quality than for several years; the corn which seemed so doubtful on account of so much rain in the spring proves very good. While our neighbors and friends all around us have suffered inconvenience, from the drouth we have had a superabundance of good sweet spring water, resulting from the provision made last year. Our school-room is being repaired by which means better ventilation will be obtained, so essential to the health and happiness of both teacher and pupils who will occupy it eight months of the year according to the new school law. So much for our blessings, now for our afflictions. For three months we have been contending with whooping cough. Whence it came or how we got it is among the mysteries not likely ever to be solved. We have had thirteen cases the youngest being a little girl three years old. May we never repeat the experience. By a deeper baptism of the spirit which shall quicken every faculty of the soul, we hope to learn how to avert such evils. 'The wise man seeth the evil afar off and hideth himself,' taking this for our criterion we must conclude that we are numbered among the foolish in this respect. It is the first time that Canaan was ever thus visited and we pray it may be the last. We have just enjoyed a social time with our beloved Western Ministry and Elders and every such occasion tends to strengthen the bond of gospel friendship. Emily Offord.