Shaker Station, Conn. Oct. 1894. 'In the world ye shall find tribulation,' said Jesus, 'but in me ye shall find peace.' In a worldly life there is no shield from trouble and sin. Thousands are seeking for peace and happiness in sinful pleasure but they find it not, that aching void is still in the heart. Sin promises joys but pays sorrows. Self-denying struggles bring sweet home peace and never ending joy. The true cross-bearer is sure to win though long and severe be the struggle. Only as the heart advances in purity does the spirit move on over the rough sea of nature, to the haven of peace. Let us contend for peace. 'The baobab tree, in Asia is considered one of the most wonderful of the vegetable creation. It appears that nothing can kill this tree, hence it reaches an astonishing age as well as enormous size. The natives make a strong cord from the fibers of the bark, hence the trees are continually barked, but without damage, as they soon put forth a new bark. It appears impervious to fire, and even the ax is resisted, as it continues to grow in length while it is lying on the ground. ******* It is well to feed a variety of nutritious food to hens and chickens in moult. Hens are now in annual moult, and chickens in first natural moult. Poultry raising is a business that can be commenced with very limited means. Daniel Orcutt. 262 THE MANIFESTO. South. Family. Oct. 1894. How lovely and consistent is the order of the seasons as they come and go. The harvest is nearly completed for the present year, and for the bountiful blessings which we have recieved we would be truly thankful. The potatoes which it was feared would be a short crop on account of the dry season has yielded fairly well and very good quality. The corn was also a fair yield. Our silo has been filled with an extra quality of ensilage. We used several different varieties of corn. Hickox sweet corn proved very good, the large western corn made a great growth but was considered unprofitable, much of it was thirteen feet in height, but there was three times as much stalk as fodder, while the corn we have grown here for years gave the best results of any, there being three times as much fodder as stalk, and an average of 1)4 ears to a stalk. This is a flint corn and a phenomenal yielder. It took eleven acres to fill our silo of 150 tons, so we must yield the palm to others, but will try to do better in the future. It took about four days to fill the silo the cutter being run by steam power. There has been some painting done on our buildings the past two weeks which improves the appearance of our quiet home. Have not the unwearied labors of the summer been rewarded? While many are suffering from want and hunger, we can reap the benefits of labor, and industry, in having all our wants supplied, while many destitute ones call at our doors for bread. The health of our family is good, and for all these blessings, thankfulness prevails. Maria Witham.