C.C.C. By Ernest Pick. fT^HERE are many people who would give almost anything for the qualifL _JL cation of a F. R. S. L. or F. R. S. or even the less pompous M. A. or L. L. D. attached to their name, but are too old or otherwise hindered to spend the necessary time and application to study that wins such distinctions. But as long as we have not got through with th' school of life we need not lose all hope and begin training and aspiring for a distinction qtial, if not superior, to all the high-sounding titles that colleges or societies may confer upon a person. Now C. C. C. looks fully as well as D. 1). and is fraught with meaning and importance, nor can we attain it without much study and a persistent application of all the lessons that life and its experience teaches. You will look in vain for the meaning of C. C. C. in Webster's Unabridged ; I, therefore, will give you a detailed explanation of it. The first C. stands for cool and applies to the body. Many persons are born, live and die without ever getting on friendly terms with their next door neighbor, their own mortal body. Yea, more, as if by all means they intended to ruin his welfare they feed him with things they could not be persuaded to offer to dogs or pigs, let alone their horses and cows. Now it is of great importance for our happiness to keep our body in good condition and working order, by investigating its real needs and best methods of supply. We would think it an insane proceeding to 'water' our stock with whiskey and beer to insure their strength, or to increase their tone or spirit with coffee and tea. Still men think it is good for them, and the world spends many tim s more money for these articles than for bread and flour. Such unhygienic drinks added to any amount of improper food create an unhealthy quality of blood which irritates the most vital organs, like heart, lungs and brain, while passing through and feeding them. The whole body is kept in a more or less feverish condition, subject to contagion and disease. At the other hand a body built up with the most simple and natural food will constantly keep in a pleasant, cool equilibrium, not easily thrown out of balance even if exposed to exceptional conditions for a long time. The second C. stands for calm, and applies to the mind or soul principle. Very few persons have a distinct idea of the division between body, soul and spirit though they frequently use this classification of the three fold composition of man. Especially the last two elements are often ill understood, and confused as to their distinct nature and functions. This can be made very clear to the understanding by first putting the body entirely out of our consideration. Then only two objects remain for investigation; of these the ever-ebbing, ever-tiding element is the soul; it is the battle ground of our THE MANIFESTO. 253 lower and higher self, upon which defeat takes turn with victory, and where grief follows closely unto joy. Experience in life's happenings, and the nacessity of our coming out victorious will teach as the most profitable choice for us; to be calm, like a good ciptain during a wild storm or a strategist in a fierce batttle. Self-knowledge is of greatest importance; next to self-control in gaining that calm mind which alone will insure our happiness. 'He to whom sorrow is the same as joy, And joy the same as sorrow, May thank God for his equanimity.' With the third C. we enter the realm of the Spirit,our highest attribute. It stands for comfortable in its original meaning (cum-fortis-strong) strong in spirit (Not as this word is usually used implying ease or repose.) The Spirit ;.s the highest attribute of man's nature, it is the part of God within us, it is the immutable, the divine of which we must get fully conscious before we can realize a close union with God. There is no battling or wavering in the realm of the Spirit, no weakness, no uncertainty but all is decision. There is strength that knows no weakness, victory that knows no defeat. 'He to whom time is the same as eternity, And eternity the same as time, Is free from all contention.' We may well perceive that it will take more than a term of three or four years in the college of life, before we graduate and become C. C. C. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.