NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. September. Thermometer. Rain. 1893. 56. 10.125in. 1894. 64.1 5 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 87 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 32 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 13 ' clear ' ' ' 11 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 6 C. G. Reed. Oct. 1894. The protracted drought of summer is at last ended. Since the 10th of September, the needed rains have changed the sered pastures, orchards, and lawns to a thrifty and beautiful green and our mountain springs are again supplied. Like the bee and the ant, which are so often cited as examples of industry, we are gathering our winter stores, which the faithful toils through summer, aided by the sunshine and shower have given us. I see by Notes from Harvard, that by reason of drought, apples though plentiful are small. It is not so here. Never in our recollection, has good fortune given us such a crop of colossal apples. Through the September Notes, we could trace the visit of the loved Ministry and Elders from the West, and on the 1st inst it was our happy privilege to welcome them to Lebanon. We have enjoyed their association, more than pen can express, and especially so since though brief their stay, we could say 'Home Again' to our worthy Elder Joseph Slingerland, who from early childhood, to mature and useful manhood, was with us through joy and sorrow, toil and spiritual growth. We are happy to 'cast our bread upon the waters,' though we may hunger ourselves, for by it we feel the benefits of a sympa. thetic cord of union and fellowship, with our Western friends which holds us all to our noble purpose. On the evening of the 4th inst. our family were invited to attend with the Social Improvement Society at the North family, with our own loved Central Ministry, and friends from the West, and a profitable and delightful evening was spent. Flowers and sweet music both vocal and instrumental were appropriately interspersed with original productions of the class, both extempore, and prepared. This revives anew the faith which has been ours .from early life, that a perfect gospel growth, includes the entire being, physical mental and spiritual. It should purify both body and soul, quicken and consecrate the intellect, and refine every thought word and action. These beautiful privileges which our gospel gives us, are authenticated by the words of Father James'. 'There is nothing too good for the people of God;' also by our Savior's promise 'Seek ye first the kingdom of God and its righteousness and all these things shall be added.' Amelia J. Culver. TERMS. SCO TEE MANIFESTO. ^orth Family. Oct. 1894. The harvest is past, the summer is ended and it we are not fully saved we know t!ie essentials of salvation and hope by a faithful continuance in well-doing to be so some day. Through all the vicissitudes of a remarkable spring and summer we have lived and been well cared for, and at the end have harvested very satisfactory returns for our labors all around. When a young boy I heard a sermon preached from the text, 'I have been young and now am old, yet have I not seen the righteous forsaken nor his seed begging bread.' Listening to the preacher I was inspired with a faith in Divine Providence that has been a stay and consolation through life. 'Trust in God and do the right.' Living up to our highest light, in the daily practice of gospel principles in the spirit of peace and union, neither drought nor flood, fire nor wind can destroy the confidence and satisfaction and benefits that will flow to us. Our reward will be to us according as we love and serve each other. Our beloved gospel friends the Ministry and Elders of the Western Societies paid us a visit. We enjoyed a rare privilege which we much appreciated. On the evening of one of the days they spent with us, our 'Self Improvement Society' entertained them. The Central Ministry and a company of Elders, Brethren and Sisters of the Church and Center families were also present. At the close very appreciative and encouraging remarks were made. Eldress Harriet expressed the thankfulness and satisfaction she felt as a spiritual parent to see her young charge making such earnest and successful efforts to cultivate their minds in all that is good and beautiful and useful, that they might thereby be of greater service in the cause they have espoused. Taking up this thought Elder Daniel remarked that Elder Frederic used to say that young people brought up under our care were more credit to us if they excelled us in virtue and knowledge than if they were behind. During the meeting the question was asked by one of the Sisters, 'What of the future of Shakerism?' and replied to by another Sister. Which at the close of the meeting called forth a few remarks. Whatever the future may have in store for the Shaker Institution, Shaker principles are imperishable and are finding wider and firmer acceptance continually. The question f )r us is 'Has the Shaker Society leaders to put it upon a basis for the better and more complete practice of its principles.' Time will prove. I for one will trust in the spirit of God in my Elders, Brethren and Sisters and strive to do the right myself. Walter S. Shepherd. Shakers, N. Y. North Family. Oct 1894. Lately, while thinking upon the subject of thankfulness and realizing the importance of showing gratitude for the many blessings we enjoy, we found an extract from a poem by Celia Thaxter, entitled 'Courage' which we copy. 'Why should I hug life's ills with cold reserve To curse myself and all who love me? Nay A thousand times more good than I deserve God gives me every day. And in each one of these rebellious tears Kept bravely back, He makes a rainbow shine Grateful I take his slightest gift, no fears Nor any doubts are mine.' The cultivation of the faculty of looking on the bright side and contemplating the blessings of life, rather than the ills is a necessary one, especially in these times when the daily press is filled with catastrophies and the elements of the physical world seem to have declared war on humanity, destroying the means of sustaining life and often life itself. In the struggle to grasp the lion's share of material blessings, man forgets the rights of his fellow man, until the demoniac forces are roused and are united with THE MANIFESTO. 261 the physical elements and it is destroyed, for the prophetic announcement will be fulfilled. 'And the old heavens and earth shall pass away with a great noise,' but we will 'hide in the Lord's pavilion till the tempest and the storm pass by.' We will second the motion or suggestion by Elder Oliver and should also like to see our 'Manifesto make weekly visits.' A silo 11x26 and 30 feet deep has been erected and at present writing, is receiving the corn fodder from the sweet corn after it has been picked and dried. Properly preserved ensilage is more relished by stock in general and the milk producing properties are greater than dry fodder. To all lovers of Lima beans, we would say, try Burpee's Dwarf Lima, they are fully equal to the large Pole Lima in quality. We consider them a necessary adj unct to our garden. Hamilton DeGrnw. Second Family. Oct. 1894. While blest with cares and burdens, we might make excuses for some neglect of one duty, but instead will say, we will try and do 'better. We have just finished drying sweet corn. Had a good crop for this season as corn has not been good generally in this section on account of drought. We have had one frost thus far but it did very little damage and should good weather continue shall have more tomatoes to can. We are busy filling silos. Apples are not secured. The crops in this section are good as were pears. While we are harvesting temporal blessings, may the Giver of all good send us souls who have conviction, and a desire to leave the world and its sinfulness. As the harvest is great and the laborers few, may the vacuum caused by departed and departing saints to the shores beyond, be filled, and Zion again flourish and grow. When we cast a mental glance over Zion's spiritual condition and ask,Lord when will the forty years in t his spiritual wilderness be over? the answer comes, though few the number, yet like Gideon's Army there are too many yet who will not lap the spiritual waters. Let us gird on the armor of strength, and like the few Spartans who stood in the pass, stand as firm in the spiritual gap and bid defiance to all weakness. Union is what we need, which binds us together with one feeling; that the spiritual cloud must be lifted and we will work together to that end. Isaac Anstatt. Shaker Station, Conn. Oct. 1894. 'In the world ye shall find tribulation,' said Jesus, 'but in me ye shall find peace.' In a worldly life there is no shield from trouble and sin. Thousands are seeking for peace and happiness in sinful pleasure but they find it not, that aching void is still in the heart. Sin promises joys but pays sorrows. Self-denying struggles bring sweet home peace and never ending joy. The true cross-bearer is sure to win though long and severe be the struggle. Only as the heart advances in purity does the spirit move on over the rough sea of nature, to the haven of peace. Let us contend for peace. 'The baobab tree, in Asia is considered one of the most wonderful of the vegetable creation. It appears that nothing can kill this tree, hence it reaches an astonishing age as well as enormous size. The natives make a strong cord from the fibers of the bark, hence the trees are continually barked, but without damage, as they soon put forth a new bark. It appears impervious to fire, and even the ax is resisted, as it continues to grow in length while it is lying on the ground. ******* It is well to feed a variety of nutritious food to hens and chickens in moult. Hens are now in annual moult, and chickens in first natural moult. Poultry raising is a business that can be commenced with very limited means. Daniel Orcutt. 262 THE MANIFESTO. South. Family. Oct. 1894. How lovely and consistent is the order of the seasons as they come and go. The harvest is nearly completed for the present year, and for the bountiful blessings which we have recieved we would be truly thankful. The potatoes which it was feared would be a short crop on account of the dry season has yielded fairly well and very good quality. The corn was also a fair yield. Our silo has been filled with an extra quality of ensilage. We used several different varieties of corn. Hickox sweet corn proved very good, the large western corn made a great growth but was considered unprofitable, much of it was thirteen feet in height, but there was three times as much stalk as fodder, while the corn we have grown here for years gave the best results of any, there being three times as much fodder as stalk, and an average of 1)4 ears to a stalk. This is a flint corn and a phenomenal yielder. It took eleven acres to fill our silo of 150 tons, so we must yield the palm to others, but will try to do better in the future. It took about four days to fill the silo the cutter being run by steam power. There has been some painting done on our buildings the past two weeks which improves the appearance of our quiet home. Have not the unwearied labors of the summer been rewarded? While many are suffering from want and hunger, we can reap the benefits of labor, and industry, in having all our wants supplied, while many destitute ones call at our doors for bread. The health of our family is good, and for all these blessings, thankfulness prevails. Maria Witham. Enfield, N. H. Oct. 1894. 'The harvest now is over, the summer days are gone.' Our silos are filled and corn all gathered We have had an average crop of apples, which we finished picking on the 9th. The potato crop is below the average, which is never very large with us, at best. This summer the old seed-house near the Ministry's Dwelling has been taken down, and since the ground has been leveled, it adds quite a little to the children's playground. Some of our buildings are being shingled and repaired in various ways, which means work for 'busy hands.' Our roots are nearly all dried and cut. We are fast getting short of water for power for our mills. Our large reservoir on the mountain is lower than for many years. We are still blest with enough for domestic use. Everyone is wishing for rain. We heartily sympathize with our gospel kindred who have been visited by the fire fiend so recently. We hope the end of it has come, as three fires in about a month, is quite enough to hear about. G. H. Kirkley. Sabbathday Lake, Me. Oct. 1894. Beloved Elder Henry:-1-We are reminded of the pleasant duty of writing a few lines for The Manifesto, in regard to our home. The days of the harvest are passing. Potatoes are already stored, a sufficient crop for home use and some to sell. We are now gathering the apples, of which we have an abundance for cooking, for drying and for eating. Many barrels are being packed away for sale and we shall have more than usual to make into cider for the Shaker Apple Sauce. Sweet corn seed is secured and drying; ensilage cut and silo filled. The young Brethren have been quite interested in raising vegetables and melons. O! the melons have been delicious that they have furnished for the family table! They took a collection to the New Gloucester Fair. One squash weighed 76 lbs. and a tomato over 2 lbs. One of the young THE MANIFESTO. 263 Sisters found a wild ripe strawberry September 21st. By consulting the Office Register we find 1250 names of visitors who have called upon us since the opening of the summer season. The autumn woods are perfectly beautiful now. Sunday afternoon a meeting was held on the shores of Sabbathday Lake. From our windows we could see them baptizing the people. We know not from whence they came nor whither they went but we do know that at the same time, we enjoyed a most heavenly meeting and received the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Ada S. Ciimmlngs. Alfred., Maine. Oct. 1894. We enjoy reading the Home Notes in The Manifesto which tells us what our Brethren and Sisters are doing in our sister Societies; and perhaps there are others as interested to know how we are prospering. The last week in August and the first in September, the Brethren carried to the Factory from ten acres planted, five hundred dollars worth of sweet corn, and lat. er one hundred and sixty tons of corn ensilage was stored in the silos. The Bordeaux mixture did not save the pota_ toes from rust as was hoped. The worms also have troubled them, but we have harvested nearly six hundred bushels which is enough for home use and some to spare. The time between haying and harvesting was used in removing stone from land that formerly was an orchard and has not felt the plow for eighty years. The work done has improved it greatly but a number of years will be needed to make the work perfect. We can not say much for the fruit crop excepting apples of which we have a fair quantity. Of garden vegetables we have a good supply and they are of good quality. Onions and turnips took the first and second premium at the Sanford Fair. We are pleased to have all know what our faithful Brethren have accomplished, but must add that the good Sisters have not been idle. They have kept Br. Henry Green busy at the mountains and at the sea-side disposing of the pretty baskets made by their busy hands. The young people have had no time to tempt the adversary, and while their hands have been busily employed, they have not forgotten to keep the remainder of our Mother's injunction in giving their hearts to God in earnest suplication and prayer, that conviction and deep searching may enter the heart and cleanse each soul. They have felt as a young Sister of Watervliet once wrote us, 'When I am feeling right in my spirit no task seems arduous.' O the beauty of the gospel which gives vis a heavenly relationship to every soul who will take up his cross and deny himself. We had a privilege of meeting with some of our gospel kindred from the Western Societies. How much we enjoyed their presence we could not tell, nor of the strength, love and encouragement we felt from them, suffice it to say, we gained such a love for them that we will strive to be as faithful; thus meet them again,in Heaven. Fannie Casen. Canaan, N. Y. Oct. 1894. Our protracted silence is not caused from a lack of interest in our little harbinger, by no means, for we are deeply interested in every effort made to spread the tidings of this blessed gospel, which we are zealously striving to keep by applying its principles to our daily lives that we may build up a home worthy to attract truth loving souls. We have been greatly blessed the past season. Haying and harvesting all done and well done by interested, consecrated young Brethren and boys who though having worked hard have found true enjoyment in the labor because it was unselfish and therefore sanctified. Our yield of potatoes is much greater 264 THE MANIFESTO. and better quality than for several years; the corn which seemed so doubtful on account of so much rain in the spring proves very good. While our neighbors and friends all around us have suffered inconvenience, from the drouth we have had a superabundance of good sweet spring water, resulting from the provision made last year. Our school-room is being repaired by which means better ventilation will be obtained, so essential to the health and happiness of both teacher and pupils who will occupy it eight months of the year according to the new school law. So much for our blessings, now for our afflictions. For three months we have been contending with whooping cough. Whence it came or how we got it is among the mysteries not likely ever to be solved. We have had thirteen cases the youngest being a little girl three years old. May we never repeat the experience. By a deeper baptism of the spirit which shall quicken every faculty of the soul, we hope to learn how to avert such evils. 'The wise man seeth the evil afar off and hideth himself,' taking this for our criterion we must conclude that we are numbered among the foolish in this respect. It is the first time that Canaan was ever thus visited and we pray it may be the last. We have just enjoyed a social time with our beloved Western Ministry and Elders and every such occasion tends to strengthen the bond of gospel friendship. Emily Offord. Harvard, Mass. Oct. 1894. As the papers have given a very distorted account of the fire which recently occurred in this village, we thought that a more detailed statement might prove acceptable to the readers of The Manifesto. On Sept. 20th at about 11-45 a. m. the cry of fire was heard, and we soon learned that our large barn was in flames, and no possibility of saving it. Several animals were in the building, but fortunately, these were driven out. Some of the farming implements were also saved. In about forty-five minutes after the alarm, the fire engine company from Ayer were on the ground and doing effective service in saving a large pile of cord wood, as at this time the barn was beyond being saved. We also lost one hundred tons of hay three hundred bushels of potatoes, two horse power machines, one new cart, also a quantity of farming tools, and five hundred gallons of vinegar and cider. A smaller barn, an ice-house, a store-house for lumber, and several sheds were all consumed. WTe succeeded, however, in saving our cider mill and the shed attached, and shall soon be able to engage in the making of more vinegar. Our loss can not be less than $15,000. and having an insurance of only $4,000 This is our first experience, in Harvard, of so destructive a fire, and although we feel our loss greatly, yet our hearts overflow with gratitude that our home is left to us. We have many thanks to render to the timely assistance of the fire department of Ayer, and to every one who afforded us aid in this time of our great need. The cause of the fire must have been from some undue carelessness, as no engines, stoves nor lamps were in use about the premises. Marcia M. Bullard.