Shakers, N. Y. North Family. Oct 1894. Lately, while thinking upon the subject of thankfulness and realizing the importance of showing gratitude for the many blessings we enjoy, we found an extract from a poem by Celia Thaxter, entitled 'Courage' which we copy. 'Why should I hug life's ills with cold reserve To curse myself and all who love me? Nay A thousand times more good than I deserve God gives me every day. And in each one of these rebellious tears Kept bravely back, He makes a rainbow shine Grateful I take his slightest gift, no fears Nor any doubts are mine.' The cultivation of the faculty of looking on the bright side and contemplating the blessings of life, rather than the ills is a necessary one, especially in these times when the daily press is filled with catastrophies and the elements of the physical world seem to have declared war on humanity, destroying the means of sustaining life and often life itself. In the struggle to grasp the lion's share of material blessings, man forgets the rights of his fellow man, until the demoniac forces are roused and are united with THE MANIFESTO. 261 the physical elements and it is destroyed, for the prophetic announcement will be fulfilled. 'And the old heavens and earth shall pass away with a great noise,' but we will 'hide in the Lord's pavilion till the tempest and the storm pass by.' We will second the motion or suggestion by Elder Oliver and should also like to see our 'Manifesto make weekly visits.' A silo 11x26 and 30 feet deep has been erected and at present writing, is receiving the corn fodder from the sweet corn after it has been picked and dried. Properly preserved ensilage is more relished by stock in general and the milk producing properties are greater than dry fodder. To all lovers of Lima beans, we would say, try Burpee's Dwarf Lima, they are fully equal to the large Pole Lima in quality. We consider them a necessary adj unct to our garden. Hamilton DeGrnw. Second Family. Oct. 1894. While blest with cares and burdens, we might make excuses for some neglect of one duty, but instead will say, we will try and do 'better. We have just finished drying sweet corn. Had a good crop for this season as corn has not been good generally in this section on account of drought. We have had one frost thus far but it did very little damage and should good weather continue shall have more tomatoes to can. We are busy filling silos. Apples are not secured. The crops in this section are good as were pears. While we are harvesting temporal blessings, may the Giver of all good send us souls who have conviction, and a desire to leave the world and its sinfulness. As the harvest is great and the laborers few, may the vacuum caused by departed and departing saints to the shores beyond, be filled, and Zion again flourish and grow. When we cast a mental glance over Zion's spiritual condition and ask,Lord when will the forty years in t his spiritual wilderness be over? the answer comes, though few the number, yet like Gideon's Army there are too many yet who will not lap the spiritual waters. Let us gird on the armor of strength, and like the few Spartans who stood in the pass, stand as firm in the spiritual gap and bid defiance to all weakness. Union is what we need, which binds us together with one feeling; that the spiritual cloud must be lifted and we will work together to that end. Isaac Anstatt.