HISTORY OF SOUTH UNION, KY. No. 13. 'TTVEB. 14. Most of the Brethren and Sisters are up all night watching -J_ the premises, as great excitement prevails throughout the town on account of the rumor that Bowling Green is on fire, and the Confederates have threatened to burn our village. At two o'clock, a. m. some of the same company that had been with us the day previous, pass through the village, leading some ten or twelve horses that they have taken from our neighbors. Some were robbed of every horse or mule that they owned. A little boy of twelve years, Thomas Rule, had come to the village on an errand for his sick grandfather. He rode a beautiful horse. We hastily had the horse taken to the rear of one of the buildings and carefully guarded till the robbers were out of sight. He was soon on his horse and reached home in safety, but in a few days his home was visited by the same gang and the horse stolen, although the owner was a good Confederate. A company of wild, lawless characters are out stealing all the horses and negroes that they can and taking them farther to the south. They threaten to burn all the houses and mills on the line of the railroad between Nashville and Bowling Green. Our Brethren and Sisters are encouraged to be prayerful, and to seek the protection and blessing of God on our labors. It is a time of sorrow for all the Believers in the state of Kentucky, and we seem to be, largely, under the domination of wicked men. Some of the horses have been driven to the woods to hide them from the robbers, and the poor animals must suffer very much from the cold, during the night. Some of our neighbors not only tie their horses but also hide their slaves. One man took a load of his slaves and hid them in the woods. NOVEMBER 246 THE MANIFESTO. One night we carried almost every valuable article out of the Trustees' Office, as we were afraid the building would be burned. Feb. 15. Three inches of snow fell last night, but as no buildings wore burned we felt quit e well. At eleven o'clock a company dash up to the Woolen Factory. They alight and enter the mill. Robbers.Can we get some cloth? Brother.-You can not. Robbers.What is going on down stairs? Brother.Nothing. Some ladies are there. Robbers.We do not want to disturb the ladies. I must take off this canteen or the ladies will think I have been drinking. They concluded not to go down stairs. We learn that the Federals are in Bowling Green. We can distinctly hear the canonading, and see the smoke from the buildings, which the Confederates set on fire before they left. Robbers visit the East family again this evening, and act like mad men. They threaten to burn the buildings. They search the stables for horses and then go into the cow barn and after much coarse and vulgar talk they leave the place. Feb. 16. Mercury stands at 15 deg. above zero. The coldest day of the winter. The Confederates threaten to burn all the mills and say that the Federals shall not have the mills to make flour in. This makes a very anxious time for our Brethren and Sisters, and a company of them go down to our Woolen mill to protect the property as well as they can. Sabbath, Feb. 17. How thankful we are for the protection of our heavenly Father. May we be worthy of this kind protection. At three o'clock p. m. a company of Union Cavalry ride in front of our family Dwelling. They are well armed. Their appearance is very different from the Confederate soldiers. In a few minutes Elder Solomon went and spoke to the Captain, and made enquiry about Bowling Green. Captain.I guess matters are getting about right there. Have you seen any soldiers before who have just the appearance we have ? Eld. S.We have not. These are the first Union soldiers we have seen. Captain.How long since you have seen any Confederate soldiers ? Eld. S.We have not seen any for thirty-six hours. All the Brethren and Sisters seem to be very grateful for this change of scene. We carry out to the soldiers some pies, bread, apples and milk, and all is thankfully received. They talked freely about the destruction of property at Bowling Green. What the Confederate army could not carry away they were piling up in the streets and setting it on fire. As Br. Jefferson and those who were hauling the sugar came in sight, the soldiers were anxious and enquired, 'What does that mean?' THE MANIFESTO, 247 Two of them dashed off in a hurry to find outAfter a short interview they all went east, saying,'We shall be back in an hour or two, aud some of us may want to stop over night.' Br. Urban informed the soldiers how our horses had been taken from us; and one rough-looking fellow remarked,'That is right in the.usages of war. If I was in need of a horse, and could get it in no other way, I should do the same.' This remark made us a little suspicious, parhaps we were talking to Confederates in disguise. Possibly we had been too confiding. Looking toward the East family, we saw the flames arising and our imagination was at once aroused, as we thought of the buildings at that place, and the distress of the Brethren and Sisters. Several of the Brethren mounted their horses and went to ascertain the cause of the alarm. Gn their return they were sure that the soldiers belonged to the Union army and were only obeying orders to burn the bridges, to prevent being surprised by the Confederates. The Brethren assured them that there was no real danger, and the soldiers very considerately closed their work of destruction. We were now assured that these were Union soldiers, and the O. V. C. on their caps wasOhio Volunteer Company. Some of these soldiers returned and remained with us for several days, when they were confident that no more harm would come to us. Feb. 18. Union soldiers are now constantly passing through the village. One hundred and fifty Cavalry stopped here last night, about two hours, and were treated .to some bread, meat and milk. They did not wish the people to get up and cook for them, and this consideration seemed like a great kindness. Feb. 19. One hundred and ten Union Cavalry call for breakfast. We are right glad that we can give them some good coffee. If a battle had been fought at Bowling Green, and the Confederates had been victorious, they had contemplated making a hospital for the sick and wounded, at South Union. But that penalty was not inflicted upon us, and we have great reason to be thankful that we escaped. Feb. 20. Ninety Union Cavalry of the fourth Kentucky regiment pass through our village on their way to Greenville. Corporal James Pike, of Texas, is very sick with the ague, and not able to go with the company. Several soldiers are now boarding at the Trustees' Office. Three of this company visit our neighbors where they find two sick Confederate soldiers. They make the men promise to support the government of the U. S. and then taking away their guns, return to the Office. They visit another southern sympathizer, but all the white people are hid from sight. On their return they tell the story and say they shall go again. They made three visits and on the third they found one of the family. They asked him for some liquor. 248 THE MANIFESTO. The young man said he had none. The soldiers said they knew better and should have some of it. Frightened by this threat the liquor was brought in. The soldiers told him to drink some. He said he did not wish to drink any ; but they commanded him to drink some, and finding himself in so close a place he drank the liquor. The soldiers then drank and soon ordeivd the young man to show them every room in the house. On their return to the Trustees' Office they told their story as something very amusing, and laughed heartily. Feb. 23. Five soldiers attend Divine Service with us. Feb. 24. The two Brethren who have been in Union Village about three months, return to South Union. On learning that the Union troops had entered Bowling Green they were very anxious to return. Feb. 26. Seven box cars and four platform cars that have been in the possession of the Confederates for some six months, are taken by the Federals and sent to Bowling Green. The Union soldiers who board at the Office prefer to sleep on the floor, and have their weapons near them. A wat h is kept out all night. Some of our horses are kept in the woods. One night one of them broke his halter and came neighing to the stable gate. The guard gave a shrill whistle and instantly the whole company were out of the house to ascertain the trouble. The Brethren also went out and finding one of our horses, put him in the stable, and soon all was quiet again. (To be continued.)