Alfred., Maine. Oct. 1894. We enjoy reading the Home Notes in The Manifesto which tells us what our Brethren and Sisters are doing in our sister Societies; and perhaps there are others as interested to know how we are prospering. The last week in August and the first in September, the Brethren carried to the Factory from ten acres planted, five hundred dollars worth of sweet corn, and lat. er one hundred and sixty tons of corn ensilage was stored in the silos. The Bordeaux mixture did not save the pota_ toes from rust as was hoped. The worms also have troubled them, but we have harvested nearly six hundred bushels which is enough for home use and some to spare. The time between haying and harvesting was used in removing stone from land that formerly was an orchard and has not felt the plow for eighty years. The work done has improved it greatly but a number of years will be needed to make the work perfect. We can not say much for the fruit crop excepting apples of which we have a fair quantity. Of garden vegetables we have a good supply and they are of good quality. Onions and turnips took the first and second premium at the Sanford Fair. We are pleased to have all know what our faithful Brethren have accomplished, but must add that the good Sisters have not been idle. They have kept Br. Henry Green busy at the mountains and at the sea-side disposing of the pretty baskets made by their busy hands. The young people have had no time to tempt the adversary, and while their hands have been busily employed, they have not forgotten to keep the remainder of our Mother's injunction in giving their hearts to God in earnest suplication and prayer, that conviction and deep searching may enter the heart and cleanse each soul. They have felt as a young Sister of Watervliet once wrote us, 'When I am feeling right in my spirit no task seems arduous.' O the beauty of the gospel which gives vis a heavenly relationship to every soul who will take up his cross and deny himself. We had a privilege of meeting with some of our gospel kindred from the Western Societies. How much we enjoyed their presence we could not tell, nor of the strength, love and encouragement we felt from them, suffice it to say, we gained such a love for them that we will strive to be as faithful; thus meet them again,in Heaven. Fannie Casen.