CONTINUANCE IN WELL-DOING. By Mary K. Emerson. TTTE sometimes discontinue a course of well-doing, simply because we do VV not fully realize, our well-doing is doing well, or in other words, do not see the immediate result of our efforts and think, cause is or should be followed promptly by its effect. So, many a noble work though well begun, fades away before that negative, wilting, withering power, discouragement, or what is worse, is laid aside as impossible, impracticable and unworthy of further consideration. Thus, consigned to the tomb of forgetfulness, another may feel it folly to attempt its resurrection, or renewing, b ing so condemned. When the real cause of its failure and unfortunate termination, is our blindness and impatience. Blind, because we do not consider that all growth or development, whether natural or spiritual, is by slow, progressive steps. Impatient, because we look for fruit too soon after the planting; for harvest too soon after the sowing. There is a close analogy between the natural and spiritual. From nature, that never failing source of knowledge and beauty where God holds forth in grandeur and loveliness, truths for the happiness and uplifting of mortals, let us learn lessons in patient well-doing. Innumerable examples are afforded us by the wonders of scientific research. The great variety of strata, the deposits of ages found at great depths below the earth's surface ; the coral reefs, the untiring work of the coral insects ; achievements of wind and wave, also the gradual transformation of the acorn into the mighty oak, still, the humblest instruments ofttimes teach us the greatest lessons in patient well-doing, because they are accompanied with humility, sweet angel guardian of thought and act. Thus each atom of matter so minute, does well its work in forming the general mass. The rain-drop, even after it has lost its identity absorbed by withering grass, wilting leaf or parched earth, keeps on renewing with life-giving power, or aided by the sunbeam acting prismatically, assists in reflecting the beautiful colors of the THE MANIFESTO. 251 rainbow*. Similar examples meet us on every hand avid in the great economy of nature, in her decay is life. She only sinks to rise again and continue in well-doing. Let us therefore consider our motive in the putting forth of effort; its source, its object; is it for fame, notoriety or the praise of men? Or is it for the holy purpose of doing good in a quiet, unobtrusive manner and being a co-worker with God, the 'Father of Lights' and the giver of every good and perfect gift. Such a motive, having its source in the divine fountain, will, like a stream flow on with persistent activity, overcoming every obstacle in its way, while the heavenly echoes heard along its banks, help it on its course, until at last it reaches the 'Sweet Summer Land' where, amid augelic greetings, it receives the commendation, ' 'Well done thou good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.