OUR WORK. WITH this number of The Manifesto which has through many years been a faithful representative of the social, domestic and religious life of our Community, the door of the outgoing year closes forever. What a ponderous volume of good and ill could be filled with the rights and wrongs of the army of saints as well as of sinners who are on their pilgrimage through this world. And then how fortunate it is that we are not obliged to go over the road more than once so that we can kindly anticipate that the good things of the past will be greatly distanced by the good things that are to come ; that the sins and sorrows that have been known in the closing year will be known no more. It has been the object of The Manifesto from its first number to bear testimony of the manifestation of the spirit of God among men, and to work zealously for the establishing of practical righteousness on the earth ; to scatter seeds of kindness and to publish the gospel of 'good news.' That we have been successful in a small degree, we are quite well assured, and are like the good brother of earlier days wl o made a note of his religious experiences and found to his surprise that lie was much better than he had expected. We share the same pleasure in regard to The Manifesto and are quite ready to believe that much good has been accomplished, not only in our own homes, but in its circulation abroad. If we have our faith in God, and really believe that we are engaged in his service, then duty impels us to give as we receive. In some instances a penny may do more good than a large sum, and a good word sent into the world in God's name may possibly accomplish more for the peace and happiness of humanity than a beautifully studied discourse. While it may not be in the province of any one paper to present all the 'good gifts from God's holy mountain,' each one may give as they receive from the bountiful hand of a kind Providence, and in this way help to establish on the earth the Fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man. If the Christian sects are narrow in their religious views and, no doubt, many of them are, yet if they work with a free-will in all that they are able to do from the light they have received, then no more should be expected of them. Every person, whether Christian or heathen, who is working for the good of humanity is certainly worthy of our interested care and confidence. THE MANIFESTO. 281 Salvation, either of the body or soul, comes by degrees and through God's light is made permanent in the life of man. To be wholly saved is a wonderful attainment. The 'old inheritance'' which has been forced upon us, and which includes our eating and drinking, our thinking and acting, 'is not cast out but by prayer and fasting.' Not many, however, are inclined to pray or to fast that they may be delivered from those appetites and passions that they, at the same time, are fostering with patient and tender care. To stand erect as sons and daughters of our Heavenly Parents, having cleansed both soul and body will, certainly, insure us a right in the King's highway, and open to us the gates of the Holy City. Those who have worked for the prosperity of our little paper or have given it a kind thought in their prayers, can look with pleasure at the work in which they have become interested. It is our pleasure to hold these good gifts in loving appreciation, and at the same time, casting our bread upon the waters, believing and trusting that our Heavenly Father will bear us in kind remembrance. All may not be able to write as they would wish, nor speak to the edification of all who should hear them, but the possessor of even one talent is able to bless the earnest workers, and in this way do much effectual work. The remark of Prof, liuskin is to the point, 'The greatest thing a human soul ever does in this world is to see something, and then tell what it saw in a plain way.' Indeed, the more simple the better, whether it may have reference to science or religion. Jesus has been complimented on illustrating the gospel truths in the most simple and easily expressed language, so that even the common laborer could readily understand it, and yet his mission was superior to any that had preceded it. The many kind words that have been expressed in favor of our little paper during the present year are all pleasantly appreciated, and will, no doubt, be the means of accomplishing much good. We hope every reader of 'The Manifesto' will have with us the desire for a more extended representation of the truth of our gospel work. 'Freely ye have received, freely give.' lease write the articles that are intended for publication on sheets of NOTE SIZE; 5x8 inches; Write with ink on one side of tli3 pap^r, only and much oblige the printers of The Manifesto.