Books and Papers. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. Con tents. November.- Disease Bacteria; The Law of Hygiene and the Law of Cure; Anti Vaccination; The Pride of Companyy The Temperature of the Body; Way to Injure Health, etc., etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co., Kokomo; Intl. The Bible Defended The Bible Defended, by R. 8; Webber, is a work of 339 pages, and the author has thrown his whole soul into this great subject. Possibly he fears the influence that may be circulated by that class -who have written or spoken against this time-honored book,the Bible. In ,his work the author makes an extended review of Thomas Paine's 'Age of Reason,' and of Col. Ingersoll's 'Mistakes of Moses.' It is wonderfully interesting and Christians and Infidels will take pleasure in its perusal, and we are assured that the reader who reaches the end of th&amp;first page will be quite likely to keep fellowship with the book till he closes with the 339th page. Published by H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for November is filled with excellent matter. The frontispiece is a very hand some portrait of Prof. Nelson Sizer at eightytwo. He is also the subject of a phreno-biographical sketch by Mrs. Charlotte F. Wells, which will especially interest many friend of the veteran phrenologist. The second number is a strong plea for Woman., by Ellen B. Dietrick. An interview with Dr. Beall, by the editor of the New York Presi on the future of the human race, will appeal to all lovers of progress. Prof. Sizer continues his series, How to Study Strangers. The eminent Dr. H. A. Buttolph discusses Phrenology and Insanity in a masterly manner; and Dr. Charles de Medici startles us with a demonstration of the old problem of squaring the circle. J. S. Van Cleve, Ph. D., discourses on musicians and poets in his usual brilliant style. Dr. Dray ton adds an illustrated little poem to the department of Child Culture. Dr. Beall, the editor, vigorously answers an attack on Phrenology, and gives a study of Criminal Ears. Price, 15 cents, $1.50 a year. Address The Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 27 East 21st St., New York. The Cosmopolitan Magazine A FAMOUS SHOW OF BEAUTY. The show of distinguished beauty, transfixed by famous artists, which is now taking place at the Academy of Fine Arts in New York, has been anticipated by The Cosmopolitan Magazine in its November issue, in an article by Win. A. Coffin, withillustrations of some of the more beautiful faces. The 'Great Passions of History' series bus for this month's subject the romantic career of Agnes Sorel, who influenced, the destinies of France under Chsirles VII. 'The Art Schools of A nierica,' 'The Great British Northwest Territory,' 'The Chiefs of the A merican Press,' and the 'Public Library Movement,' are amongst The Cosmopolitan's table of contents. Survivors of the war and their children will fin.l intense interest in 'The St &gt;ry of a Thousand,' a personal narrative begun in this number by Albion W. Tourgte, who tells in a graphic way, of a regiment which saw fierce serviceof its organization, its marches its sports and its death-roll. John Kendrick Bangs' quuint humor is to enliven the pages of The Ladles'' Home Journal with a series of twelve articles depicting the club talk of four men about women's affairs. Mr. Bangs calls this club 'The Paradise Club,' 'paradise,' he says, 'because no woman nor serpent ever entered into it.' ' - :