THE INVISIBLE ECHO. By Oliver C. Hampton. A THOUGHT is as much a substance as a brick. Its elasticity is far greater than that of a rubber ball. If a thought be sent in any direction or toward any object whatever, it will rebound as surely as a ball thrown against a stone wall. If it meet no resistance but the wall, it will in its return obey the law of incidence and reflection. If it meet with other modifying forces, it will obey the law of elliptical motion, like the Australian Boomerang which a native may twirl in such a manner that it will go round a house and surely return to his hands. By some route every thought returns to its originator, laden with the results of its mission. How weighty and awful a matter is the power of thought. You can not think a good thought of another without doing him good and then your thought will return to you laden with blessing and peace. And it will not only result in your spiritual but your physical health and comfort. Whether you give audible expression to your thought or not, will make no difference in the results. But alas for us; without thorough dicipline of our thoughts we are capable and in danger of sending out sorrow, ruin and death along their wake. Thousands of skeletons of dead hopes, joys and comforts, lie bleaching among the cinders of desolation along the ghastly road of undiciplined and misdirected thought. We need not speak of words, for without previous thoughts, no improper words would ever be uttered. 'From the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaketh.' The indescribable horrors of all past historysacred and profane, have bubbled up from the fearful Maelstrom of misdirected thought. The deliberate indulgence of one thought of anger, jealousy, vengeance or lust, has in hundreds of instances ended in murder. These thoughts of ours often reach their destination through the instrumentality of invisible media. These invisible media consist of five subtle ethers besides our crude and coarse atmosphere. The general current of thought of a city, state or nation, is capable of deranging not only the peaceful conditions thereof, but also of expressing its horror and hideousness in cyclones, cloud-bursts and droughts. In fact every phenomena of Nature and the visible universe is merely a. crystalized thought. As a nation, by our selfish and misdirected thoughts, we make all our criminals and then electrocute or hang them for what we call their wickedness. THE MANIFESTO. 277 For the good of humanity, let us enter anew the school of Christ and learn the lesson of cultivating pure and peaceful thoughts all the time, and living for one another's happiness and contentment. Suppose every Believer in Zion should so successfully discipline his thoughts for one year that not one word unworthy of the purity and charity of the gospel of Christ and Mother, should be uttered; What a Church we should be ! I am determined that one member of the Church shall live just that kind of a thought life. Who will join me in this solemn resolution? I might rather ask who will not? For this is not only the way to invulnerable peace of mind, but it is a new and living way to escape dispepsia, rheumatism, cancer, heart-disease, sciatica, kidney affections and other diseases. At least this is the plan Jesus took to preserve his physical and spiritual health, and he succeeded perfectly. Union Village, O.