'ACT WELL YOUR PART.' By Moore S. Mason. ALL lovers of English poetry are doubtless familiar with the above quotation, and perhaps the author had in mind the language of the Christ to 'him who overcometh,' which at once shows us there is a battle to wage, THE MANIFESTO. 279 a victory to win, and while I shall ever plead for a true and noble manhood, the essentials are reverence and purity, and while not a heresy hunter, I wish that much prevailing notion were destroyed, that young people can not be pure in heart, as its awful consequences are that the terrible temptations of early life which all have to meet, may drive them with their force down the stream of passion. One often hears it asserted, that young people are destitute of the quality without which no man can see God. It is true it calls for a struggle, but we are bidden to struggle after goodness out of love to Him, and can we be cautioned too often of the sorrows brought about by the few old traps laid on the highway of life, set with the same old baits,thirty pieces of silver, a wedge of gold, a purple rag, or a bottle ? all these belong to an unclean carnival in which we only get the cayenne pepper and the bill. The conscientious cultivation of small natural capacity, will do far more than large power rusted away by sloth, still there is a temptation to say, 'I am only an insignificant unit, it is best for me to wrap up my talent and put it away,' forgetting that responsibility does not diminish with the size of the gift. The motive, not the magnitude of the act determines the whole character of the life of which it is a part, and if we truly employ whatever gifts God has given us, we shall be accepted, for in the struggle the appropriate reward belongs to perseverance. This gains for us a fuller measure of His love, and makes each day bright with the knowledge that He careth for His children. What a true application in regard to Christian efforts is that old fable of the man who told his children to dig all over the field, and they would find treasures ; true, they found no gold but they improved the field and benefited their health and muscle which is better than gold. So all of us ought honestly to use what we possess and use will make growth. The final reward of all faithful service, 'Enter thou into the joy of thy Lord,' was not said to those of large endowments, but to the faithful servant. Union Village, O.