Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. October. Thermometer. Rain. 1893. 50.71 l.%in. 1894. 50.36 3.75 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 70 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 29 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 8 ' clear ' ' ' 10 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 13 C. G. Reed. Nov. 1894. Fruits and vegetables now being safely stored for the winter, our theme for the present, is a lively gratitude to 'The Lord of the Harvest' for the bounties which it has been our blessing to reap. 'We have harvested a generous supply of rare apples for use, and the later market, while hundreds of bushels have been sold on the ground at 10 cts. a bushel, to our neighbors who though near us, had only a light crop. For our spiritual blessings also we have an oblation of praise. Our Society meetings have continued up to date, later than usual, owing to the mild autumn weather. Nov. 6. Mild autumn weather? Such was our verdict yesterday, when we saw geraniums fresh green, and blooming on the lawn at the Center family, and we could gather a bouquet of dandelions buttercups daisies and clover from among the thick green grass. But to-day? Several inches of snow cover the ground, and the evergreens with their long white hands hang heavily, as though waiting for some one to relieve them of their burden. Such is life! Yet it is a beautiful variety, all needed to accomplish the great and grand law of growth; and while surveying the landscape before me, an attempt at poetry in my youth returns to mind. Should we thus change and in the winter time Our hearts which once were warmed by love's bright beam, Be frozen o'er, and we no more be kind, Ah! then would be no time for thoughts serene. But 'tis not so, though hard the winds may blow, Nor from the sun proceed one cheering gleam With love and friendship still the heart doth glow. Ah! surely then there's time for thoughts serene. Amelia J. Culver. South. Family. Nov. 1894. Dear Editor:By this you will see that we are not asleep, but rather quite wide awake and can still pen a few lines. This morning we enjoyed a beautiful meeting at the Church. Eldress Anna White spoke as I wish we might all feel It was full of hope, courage and zeal, even to make the best of life while looking on the bright side. That we should feel the dignity and independence of life that is for us. 284 THE MANIFESTO. We have much for which to he thankful, far more than of which to complain. Our temporal needs are supplied and we are able to make some improvements on outbuildings. Our store-houses are well rilled and we have some to spare for the needy. We have shipped a quantity cf apples to New York for poor children. It is blessed to receive and also to give, indeed w7e are surrounded with blessings in our Mt. Lebanon home, as we think that no place is more favored on the earth, or inside of the earth. Several new members have entered our family the past season, and we like the quartette very much. At the present time sickness is not to be found among us. We have been enjoying many months of activity, but time may prove how far we may be wholly free from the ills that flesh is heir to. Last Sunday evening there was an accident on the mountain, caused by a runaway horse. Our people went up with a carriage and conveyed the injured people home. Twice this season we have extended a care to wrecked wheelmen. One was from Boston and was so badly cut and bruised that he remained at our office for several days and was taken home on the cars. Mother Lucy Wright once remarked, 'People must live at the South family that they may care for those who need help on the mountain.' We think however, that a little more care on the part of these people, nearly all these accidents might be avoided. We wish to be a thankful people, especially at this time of the year, and are very glad that we are able to lend a helping hand to others. We have some of the luxuries of life, and among these are beautiful springs of never-failing water. These supply our homes,our bath rooms, our laundry and our kitchen. Water is one of the great blessings. We can use it freely and be made clean. It is good for the inner and outer man, and helps us to be thankful, more ready to praise than to censure, more willing to assist others than to be assisted. Sarah Collins.