TO MY LITTLE SISTER. Cora C. Vinneo. I look and see you standing by a stream, A thoughtful, happy, trusting little girl; Half wrapped in mystery, half wrapped in dream, With wonder, watching every wavelet's whirL With nimble feet I see you press the grass, Or pluck with dimpled hands the violets blue, Then listening to the song-birds as they pass, Repeat again the song they sang to you. Through deep dark forest, and through mossy glade, Where sun and shadow loiter hand in hand, Where water-birds in gentle freedom wade, Again, I see your little figure stand. What thought was that that bowed your sunny head? That made you pause and rest beside the stone ? Was it a sudden sense of fear or dread At being left beside the stream alone ? Ah, 'twas the music of an angel voice, Calling to you to cross the river wide; I see you meditate as if in choice, And linger fondly by the rolling tide. The time passed on, through weeks and months and years, Till youth matured where childhood smiled before; Again the angel called, and bathed in tears Pointed the pathway to the farther shore; 278 THE MANIFESTO. The pathway o'er the blessed bridge of prayer, That crosses where the stream is rough and swift; And gave to you a promise of God's care, And confidence to rest upon his gift. In meek submission to the precious call, How glowed your soul with fervent love and trust, How firm your covenant to give up all, And bow your haughty nature to the dust. The vision deepens : Once again you stand Where wave on wave before your spirit rolls; The angel comes and takes you by the hand, And leads you to the stream that cleanses souls. 'Not yet, oh nay not yet,' I hear you say, 'Spare me the washing, O I fear the tide !' The angel pleads, 'There is no other way By which the spirit may be purified.' Down 'neath the limped waves I see you go, You, and the angel that repentance brings, And from the water's sparkling overflow, Comes the sweet echo of the song she sings. And rising from the billows, pure and white, You felt new courage for the work of life, New zeal to enter in the Christian fight, Against the sins that fill the earth with strife. Oh may you ever know where safety lies, Nor turn to Marah's dark and bitter streams, But seek the cooling springs that have their rise Where rocks are smitten, and where sunlight gleams. And when you stand beside Death's peaceful sea, Watching the coming of the tide that swells, May life's last music to your memory be, Like wave-tones in the ocean's pearly shells. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.