THE MILLENNIUM. By Catherine Allen. T I THROUGH the various ideals for which this word has long been a synJL onym, we are able to trace the evolution of races and the general progress of humanity. In the hearts of all nations and races (save the most barbarous,) have glowed ideals of some future 'golden age,' and through all time have been brave prophet souls quickened from the inner spheres whose teachings have 274 THE MANIFESTO. gradually refined and elevated these ideals from the gross and selfish, to the grand conception of the Brotherhood of Man, in which is recognized: 'One God, one law, one element, And one far off divine event To which the whole creation moves.' What shall be this 'divine event,' and how may those conditions be attained through which its glory will be wiought? As we understand it, the Millennium will not consist in any ultimate beyond which advancement will be undesirable, but in the placing of man in such relation to his fellows as will give to each individual equal opportunity to develop all his powers;a condition of society in which no distinctions will be recognized save those of usefulness and worth, and the differences of natural endowment. A government carrying out the principles of pure Democracy alone, can give these opportunities. Liberty, Equality, Fraternity, must be the stepping stones in the attainment of all for which the human heart has ever yearned or aspired, of all for which the prophets have been stoned, and countless martyrs given their blood. Of their grand significance and the results to which they will lead, we can give but a few hints at the present time. It is generally acknowledged that a crisis in the near future awaits us, from which will be evolved or revolved great changes in the social and civil polity of nations. Those who look to the underlying causes of present disturbances, perceive that the forces which are arrayed for the destruction of existing systems, are gathering power on every hand, and as they sweep from continent to continent are also quickening the people with an impulse to associate, organize and combine on new foundations and in a new spirit. Blindly the love of greed is serving the people, for .while one industry after another is taken into the hands of corporations, and again consolidate, thereby daily increasing the oppression of the laboring classes, on the other hand, the struggle for freedom is more intense than ever before, and the intelligence of the people, divinely awakened, will soon use for their deliverance those very means which have added most to their enslavement. Then gradually will come into existence that New Heavens and New Earth wh3rein shall dwell the righteousness of God's perfect law. When each one has an equal inheritance in all natural wealth, (that uncreated by labor,) and equal opportunities for education, it will be impossible for man to hold property in his fellow man, hence the abolition of war, poverty and all consequent crime and the complete overthrow of the financial system. Brotherly co-operation will then take the place of selfish competism, and woman will be fully recognized as a citizen, making it possible to establish all the relations of life on a basis of justice, wisdom and purity. The drudgery and servitude of labor will soon disappear unier a system that will secure to each one, the just return of his toil, and which will utilize THE MANIFESTO. 275 the wonderful labor-saving machinery of our time for the relief instead of the oppression of the masses. Then, no longer dwarfed, degraded and crushed by overtoil, anxiety and a home life shorn of all that would make it attractive or desirable, man's shriveled soul will expand, and the culture of his higher faculties find reflex in outward surroundings that will correspond thereto. His desire for liquor, tobacco and other means of low indulgence, at present largely a necessity, will th &gt;n disappear. In the natural course of evolution, a vegetarian diet will be universally adopted, making the slaughter-house with all its horrors and debasing influences, a thing of the past. All normal physical appetites will be abundantly supplied, and esthetical tastes gratified, but the labor of providing for these will not be allowed to encroach on the higher necessities of the soul, for, in the near future man will have such command over the forces of nature as will make them his ready servants, and earth will be converted into an Eden of beauty far surpassing that of ancient story. Thus with the causes removed which are now so prolific of disease and suffering, and with all the humanitarian efforts of the people embodied in the very heart of the nation, prisons and pauper houses will be converted into the best of training schools and their future necessity disappear. Under such conditions a portion of humanity will naturally evolve from the earthly into a purely spiritual life wherein they can fully actualize the teachings of Jesus. Such will be the dome on the new temple of humanity, receptive to the light of celestial spheres, to that influx of divine truth which will irradiate in blessing to those below. J;i that time Doctors will have nothing upon which to build up a profession, because the people will learn the laws of being, body, soul and spirit, and when these have been transgressed, they will look only to the true source of all healing, the power of Christ within. Lawyers will not be needed because when natural rights are secured to all, those laws of justice which are engraved in the divine consciousness of every soul, will form the statute books of the nations. The Clergy will cease to exist distinctively as such, for the hearts of the people will be the temple of the Most High, and the indwelling Christ will voice the oracles of truth to each soul, will wait upon those altars whose flames are never dim, accepting sacrifice, and imparting his own spirit a saving baptism and living sacrament. All will be 'kings and priests unto God' and ministers of good one to another. Thus through Deific impulse the better life in man will be quickened till all realize the essential unity of the race, and gradually merge into one great family of nations, speaking one tongue, having one Bible and one religion, all written in the simple words:'Love one another.' Progress is eternal. Then as now, life will be fraught with ceaseless efforts, but all will be for the highest possibilities of the race and each one's strife to aid his neighbor. 276 THE MANIFES TO. Then will the vision of the ages have been fulfilled when the old heavens and earth consumed by the fire of God's love, will have vanished as a scroll, and from their ashes been re-create 1 the new, glowing in perennial beauty, the glory of the Millennium. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.