NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. October. Thermometer. Rain. 1893. 50.71 l.%in. 1894. 50.36 3.75 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 70 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 29 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 8 ' clear ' ' ' 10 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 13 C. G. Reed. Nov. 1894. Fruits and vegetables now being safely stored for the winter, our theme for the present, is a lively gratitude to 'The Lord of the Harvest' for the bounties which it has been our blessing to reap. 'We have harvested a generous supply of rare apples for use, and the later market, while hundreds of bushels have been sold on the ground at 10 cts. a bushel, to our neighbors who though near us, had only a light crop. For our spiritual blessings also we have an oblation of praise. Our Society meetings have continued up to date, later than usual, owing to the mild autumn weather. Nov. 6. Mild autumn weather? Such was our verdict yesterday, when we saw geraniums fresh green, and blooming on the lawn at the Center family, and we could gather a bouquet of dandelions buttercups daisies and clover from among the thick green grass. But to-day? Several inches of snow cover the ground, and the evergreens with their long white hands hang heavily, as though waiting for some one to relieve them of their burden. Such is life! Yet it is a beautiful variety, all needed to accomplish the great and grand law of growth; and while surveying the landscape before me, an attempt at poetry in my youth returns to mind. Should we thus change and in the winter time Our hearts which once were warmed by love's bright beam, Be frozen o'er, and we no more be kind, Ah! then would be no time for thoughts serene. But 'tis not so, though hard the winds may blow, Nor from the sun proceed one cheering gleam With love and friendship still the heart doth glow. Ah! surely then there's time for thoughts serene. Amelia J. Culver. South. Family. Nov. 1894. Dear Editor:By this you will see that we are not asleep, but rather quite wide awake and can still pen a few lines. This morning we enjoyed a beautiful meeting at the Church. Eldress Anna White spoke as I wish we might all feel It was full of hope, courage and zeal, even to make the best of life while looking on the bright side. That we should feel the dignity and independence of life that is for us. 284 THE MANIFESTO. We have much for which to he thankful, far more than of which to complain. Our temporal needs are supplied and we are able to make some improvements on outbuildings. Our store-houses are well rilled and we have some to spare for the needy. We have shipped a quantity cf apples to New York for poor children. It is blessed to receive and also to give, indeed w7e are surrounded with blessings in our Mt. Lebanon home, as we think that no place is more favored on the earth, or inside of the earth. Several new members have entered our family the past season, and we like the quartette very much. At the present time sickness is not to be found among us. We have been enjoying many months of activity, but time may prove how far we may be wholly free from the ills that flesh is heir to. Last Sunday evening there was an accident on the mountain, caused by a runaway horse. Our people went up with a carriage and conveyed the injured people home. Twice this season we have extended a care to wrecked wheelmen. One was from Boston and was so badly cut and bruised that he remained at our office for several days and was taken home on the cars. Mother Lucy Wright once remarked, 'People must live at the South family that they may care for those who need help on the mountain.' We think however, that a little more care on the part of these people, nearly all these accidents might be avoided. We wish to be a thankful people, especially at this time of the year, and are very glad that we are able to lend a helping hand to others. We have some of the luxuries of life, and among these are beautiful springs of never-failing water. These supply our homes,our bath rooms, our laundry and our kitchen. Water is one of the great blessings. We can use it freely and be made clean. It is good for the inner and outer man, and helps us to be thankful, more ready to praise than to censure, more willing to assist others than to be assisted. Sarah Collins. Shakers, N. Y. becond Family. Nov. 1894. So many of our gospel friends express pleasure at reading 'Home Notes,' that we lay aside other cares for the time, and with pen try to add our mite to help the cause as well as to interest those who peruse the pages of The Manifesto. We have all our crops secured for winter, and are busy with fall plowing. We expect to thrash our wheat and rye the coming week. Oats were thrashed as we brought them from the field. We hai over 1,000 bushels. We had fine weather to secure crops, no frost since our last writing. Ripe tomatoes, were served at breakfast this morning, Nov. 4th picked from the vines yesterday. It is not very often we can say this at this season of the year. The Sisters say some pansies are still in bloom. The recent rains have made the grass much greener than in the summer. Were much pleased with the company of our good Western friends; we had some regrets that their stay was so short, and the weather was not on its good behavior, it was so damp and chilly; but we hope the love of gospel kindred supplied the warmth that the season withheld. The spirit of our Mother must have felt some recompense for her toil and sufferings, if she beheld our good friends standing in respectful silence at her grave, with their hearts filled with love, not only for the mortal part, but also for the principles she established, and for the cause that still exists, a blessing to her name, and a saving power to all who obey it. Isaac Anstatt. North Family. Nov. 1894. If medals would be a fit recompense, our Brother, Simon Emery is certainly entitled to one for the ideas expressed in his letter published in Nov. Manifesto. The least we can say is, that it is the gospel truth; and we want to use it as an incen- THE MANIFESTO. 285 tive to our spiritual energies to work more diligently for the consummation of what every good Believer is anxious to see attained. We thank him for such good testimonies and hope to receive more. The band of Spartans who defended the pass of Thermopylae were men of great physical courage; who were willing to die in the defense of their country. Those who to-day stand in the vanguard upholding the advanced truths revealed to mankind, and clearing the highway that future travelers may proceed with safety must be endowed with something greater than physical courage. But everyone who is honest in his intentions will have strength according to his day. How many of my young friends have ever perused Pilgrim's Progress? to those who have not it would be a profitable season spent in reading it. Striving to come into rapport with the spiritual interpretation of the narrative. We consider it one of the inspired books, for it certainly portrays very clearly the travel of the soul from the lower through the successive stages of growth to the higher life. If the old adage is true that 'short visits make long friends,' the ties of friendship must be strong that bind us to our gospel kindred in the west. We had a call from the Western Ministry and Elders when on their way home. It was short; but we will be thankful for small favors. We are having a beautiful autumn, one with which we can not find fault. Indications point to an open winter; but it may be rather early to predict correctly. Work is progressing favorably on the waterworks, and if the weather continues favorable they will be completed this iall. ilam'ltnn VeU-iato. West Pittsfield, Mass. Nov. 1894. We have not had a picnic or play-time of any kind to speak of this month, nor are they necessary to our happiness. If contentment reigns in the home, pleasure may be found in small things. 'Our common joys, O what are they? The brightest and the best; They glad us in our busy walks, Are with us when we rest. ******** The consciousness of doing good With every passing day.' We have long anticipated the possession of a new ice-house, with modern improvements. Within the last two months it has been erected. The building is 22x34 ft. with brick walls 18 ft. high, laid in redcolored mortar. One half of the lower story is finished inside with Southern pine, to be used for cold storage. The ice-hall and chamber will hold nbout two hundred tons of ice. The outside wood-work is painted a light gray color, and presents quite a nice appearance. There are rooms for vegetables, fruits, ments, and many things that we may wish to keep for a long or short time. Kight here in our Shaker Village they are building a new road, or ritlier changing the i\&gt;ad, that runs east and west io a State highway. There has been some thirty men with nearly as many teams at work here since tie mMdle of October. They change the grade where they can, and cover the road with top rock stone; then roll it down with a roller weighing 17 tons. The one mile of road to be done this season is to cost several thousand dollars. We understand there has, or will be built, one mile in a number of places in the State, this year. If they give satisfaction more will be built another season. We may expect some good roads across the State some time in the future. We hope it will not be long before they continue this new highway over the mountain to Mt. Lebanon. We have had some fine rain-storms of late. The last one caught us unprepared. We had been opening some ditches for new water-pipes, and rain is not apt to enhance the pleasure of such work. Sunshine and wind have dried up the mud now so that the enterprise can be continued. 286 THE MANIFESTO. Thanksgiving day will soon be at hand. As we review the year and consider the countless blessings with which it has abounded, we feel that our gratitude is inadequate. While we wish our friends in the several Societies a happy and prosperous season on the 29th inst. we will reord a determination to keep each day a Thanksgiving day to the Lord in recognition of the kind and loving way he has led us 'all the days of our life.' Em tretta Belden. Shaker Station, Conn. Nov. 1894. 'Lift the standard higher up, Let Truth in regal glory reign.' A great injury is done by lowering the standard of truth. Let us cherish a high ideal of a Christian life and strive to live up to it. Let us pledge ourselves to nothing less than this. The highest standard is none too high. Anything less than the highest is too low. How beautiful is truth! To say of any one, 'his word is reliable,' is an honor, a meed of praise more desirable than all emoluments of office and the flatteries of multitudes. Truth is sure to win. Let us strive for a life that shall portray this virtue, for no good effort is lost. It requires constant watchfulness to follow the path of truth. Let us help others to be pure and true and we are doing the work that is ours to do. It is the constant care exercised over every part of the household, and the constant endeavor to improve and apply our best powers to our work that alone gives peace, happiness and prosperity. 'The largest railroad station in the world is in St. Louis. The station proper with the train sheds occupy an area of more than 11 acres. The cost of the site, the building and the entire system of tracks amounts to $6,500,000.' ******* The morning feed of soft mash, bran, ground oats and chopped onions and turnips for hens should not be given up. A small amount of wheat fed daily will be beneficial, but as an exclusive diet it means few eggs and fat poultry. Eggs hatch better with more grain and less soft food. Success in growing poultry is due to systematic feeding. A few spoonfuls of sulphur mixed with soft food will increase egg production; a tablespoonful to four gallons of food is plenty for seventy-five liens. Daniel Orcutt. East Canterbury N. H. Nov. 1894. As this is Thanksgiving month and so many are interested in one or more days of this much honored season, and as it has even enlisted the attention of the President of the U. S., and also of several of the Governors who have told us just what we had better do on that one day, would it not be quite as well to accept the whole month and study to give thanks for all the blessings that are conferred upon us from day to day. Possibly those who have been caught napping while the earth was being covered with 'beautiful snow' may find it a little difficult to be thankful for this special offering, but while they sorrow the great army of children are out with their sleds and are filled with' rejoicing. To them the first snow of the season is a cause for greater thanksgiving than even the President's proclamation. Br. Arthur Bruce who has the charge of the stock, reports very favorably of the feeding of ensilage, and he wishes he had more. The readiness with which the stock receive it for food is an evidence that they know it is just what they want. Now that we have harvested a hundred tons, we would like an additional hundred tons at the close of another season. In addition to the 100 tons of ensilage, cut from the five acres of land, there was gathered some 437 bushels of ears of Sanford corn, and a large part of this is good for seed. From our small field of yellow corn we obtained 200 bushels. The cows THE MANIFESTO. 287 also have in store 190 bu. of beets, and 280 bu. of carrots and 40 bu. of turnips. Our crop of apples has far exceeded our earlier expectations, and this gift has been a subject of many thanksgivings. Apples whether for summer, fall, or winter hold an exalted place among the fruits of our northern climate. A few varieties of good pears and some nice specimens of peaches are also found at the north; and for all of these we are now giving thanks. Our supply of excellent winter apples is quite liberal, and not less than 1000 bu. of fall and winter apples have been cut and dried. Those not suitable for drying have been left to decay in the orchards. Cider-making at our home is a thing of the past, but for vinegar a feAv apples are hauled some two miles to the mill belonging to our neighbors. Several barrels of good winter apples have been sold by our upper family for which they received $1.50 per barrel. The 'eclipse' windmill is in beautiful woi'king order at our North family. A system of water-works has also been added to the building and this with some needed repairs has produced quite a bill, and even here we may be thankful for all that has been done, and that the expense was no larger. H. C. BKnn. Enfield, N. H. Nov. 1894. On the evening of the 16th ult. the Centennial League entertained t!:e Society with original compositions, dialogues and music. It was especially appreciated because it was all prepared without the aid of teachers. Our anniversary supper, in commemoration of the founding of our Society in Enfield, one hundred and one years ago, was given on the 18th ult. The dininghall was beautifully dressed in autumn leaves and evergreen, and the occasion was one of pleasure and thanksgiving to all. One of our Sisters at the Infirmary picked some ripe raspberries on the 20th of Oct. which would indicate that the Weather Bureau has got the seasons a trifle mixed. In September Elder William had an auction sale of the property and live stock of our South family, and again on the 7th inst., a sale of farm produce. The aggregated sales amounted about $2,000. Our large Grist-mill at North Enfield has recently been sold, with all the privileges belonging to it, for $13,000. Sisters are busy drawing the window sash in several of our houses. Pipes are being put in order, and buildings banked to keep out the frosts of winter. The first snow-storm of the season came on the 6th. So far we have had about 6 inches of snow. O. 11. Kirldey. Sabbathday Lake, Me. Nov. 1804. As I commence writing, the chirp of a robin is borne to my ears. Poor foolish bird to tarry thus long in this cold region! The first snow fell here the 5th inst; more has since been added and the weather has continued quite cold. To-day the prospects are that it is going to be a little warmer and we may yet have a pleasant season before winter sets in. Lovely bouquets were brought into our rooms from the gardens the day before the snow fell, but we shall get no more from outside until another year. Now we must depend upon our house plants. With us it takes eight months of the year to provide for the other four and we find no time to lay up for ourselves 'treasures upon earth.' Yet at the same time that we are struggling for existence we can be laying up treasures in heaven by a discipline of spirit in every good word and work. Thanksgiving will soon be along which will draw out a chord of good cheer: 'When, the gray-haired New Englamler Sees round his board The old broken links Of affection restored.' Ada 8. Gummings. Harvard, Mass. Nov. 1894. Time is a gentle reminder of present duties. Each flitting moment tells us there is work to do and it requires the ! combined energies of body soul and spirit, to keep pace with the present fast age. Not only in the development of the inventive, but the increasing revelation of spiritual light and truth in the religious world. The present teachings of religion are no longer a mere matter of beliefs, but selfdenying works. We look forward each month with earnest pleasure to the arrival of our dear Manifesto, for it brings us nearer to other Societies and through its influence we learn to love and be loved by all. The sudden advent of winter, or wintry weather, is a hindrance to the rapid progress in the re-building of our barn which we anticipated, but we hope for more favorable weather. With us the springs that were famished by the summer's drought, are well filled. Although the drought was severe, we did not suffer as much from it as in many places around us. Thanks for our fine water system and its good care. Farm woi'k is nearly over, so we have more leisure for spiritual communion with ourselves and loving friends. Mar da M. Bullard. Alfred., Me. Nov. 1894. The President has appointed the 29th of this month as a National Thanksgiving. Our Society can well unite in the thanksgiving. Our fields, orchards and the work of our hands have all been blessed, therefore we have cause for thankfulness. Not for one day only but every day in the year we rejoice and give thanks to the Giver of all good gifts that we have a knowledge of the truth as revealed through Christ in His first and second appearing. Obedience to this truth, lifts us above the selfishness and sinfulness of a worldly life. The cross of Christ is burdensome, only to those who seek for self-pleasure instead of self-denial. Christ said 'take my yoke upon you and learn of me, for I am meek and lowly in heart, for my yoke is easy and my bui'den is light.' Every soul who is willing to wear this yoke in humility of spirit will find it easy, and the burden light. It is the burden of sin that is heavy, and grievous to be borne. We are saved from such burdens by an honest confession of all sin. Thank God for this blessed knowledge of the truth. May we continue in the way of well-doing, glorying not, save in the cross of Christ. For a few days the ground has been white with snow, and the atmosphere quite like winter. As late as the 4th of this month one of the young Sisters made a beautiful bouquet from flowers grown in the open air without protection, showing how long the warm days continued with us. Let us magnify the good things and we shall be less inclined to dwell upon our trials. To Br. Alonzo Hollister we extend our love and sincere thanks for the little books of Bible Lessons. We realize the vast amount of labor it must have cost him to prepare such a book, but be assured kind Brother your labor is not lost. Our young people are delighted with it and will peruse it with deep interest. Dear Gospel kindred accept our love and kindly greeting. With you we earnestly pray for the prosperity of Zion upon earth. Fannie Casey.