HISTORY OF SOUTH UNION, KY. No. 14. MAR. 8. 1864. Two Federal soldiers by the name of Proctor are on a visit to their father, who is one of our neighbors. Sunday, Mar. 9. The Federal Officers have been making arrests, of Southern sympathizers and want the Brethren to take one man to Bowling Green. Our Brethren are quite unwilling to give so much aid in the interests of the war, and beg to be excused, fearing it might bring more persecution on the Society. The Officers, learning that we have a carriage and horses, say to the Brethren, 'You must do it.' .,. This was a military order, and one of the Brethren was appointed to attend to the duty. The ride to Bowling Green was a very quiet one, and at that place the Officers and prisoner left the carriage, so that the Brother returned to the Village the same evening. ., Mar. 30. We receive several letters from gospel friends which give us much comfort, after our long, forced imprisonment under military orders. The letters are from Mt. Lebanon, Union Village, White Water, Watervliet, O. and from Canterbury. We are still remembered, and this comforting assurance is to us a heavenly treasure. Mar. 31. A quantity of food is prepared and sent to Bowling Green for the sick soldiers. Elder Solomon goes on this mission of mercy, and is able by this deed of kindness to make many hearts glad. To-day we record the death of our Brother, John McLean, who has been sick with Pneumonia only three days. He was sixty-five years of age, and universally beloved. April, .10... The U. S. Mail arrives at our Post Office, it being the first time since Sept. 17, 1861. DECEMBER 270 THE MANIFESTO. May, 11. Rumor tells us that Col. John Morgan and his company have entered the state of Kentucky, and haw already burned some fifty-six loaded freight cars. They captured four thousand dollars from the Adam's Express and also s veral Union Soldiers. Additional supplies of food are sent to the sick soldiers at Bowling Green, also several loads of strawberries, sent to the same place, are sold. The berries find a ready market. May, 29. Four hundred Union Cavalry camp near our Village. They came from Springfield, Tenn. and are going to Bowling Green. They are all very orderly. We saw them as they came in groups to the well to obtain water, to the kitchen for bread, and to the dairy for milk. In the evening the band favors us with a beautiful serenade in front of the family Dwelling. They then march to the North family and on to the East family, playing several pieces before their dwellings. On their return to our family they are invited to a lunch, which they accept with many thanks. May, 30. Several of the Brethren and Sisters are busy nearly all night preparing a free breakfast for the whole battalion that is encamped on our premises. The dining tables are moved into the door-yard and placed under the maple trees, The Officers aie accommodated at the Trustees' Office. After the tables in the yard are prepared, the soldiers march to them in good order, and seem to enjoy the repast. The breakfast consisted of beef, veal, fried ham and eggs, sweet and Irish potatoes, hot biscuit, corn bread, canned peaches, fresh strawberries and the best of coffee. Col. Williams said he must go and see the soldiers at their table before he could eat his breakfast. Some of the soldiers who disobeyed their orders by going to the families after milk and bread were punished by leading their horses on their way to Bowling Green, a distance of fourteen miles. All the soldiers take leave of us at 7-30 a. m. The band stop in front of the family dwelling and play two more pieces. Then four hundred voices give three cheers for the hospitality of the Shakers. Our hearts are filled with pity as we reflect upon the duty of this large body of men who have left their pleasant homes and peaceful occupations, to engage in all the horrors and privations of a cruel war. June, 1, Sunday. The two beautiful horses which Br. Urban has just bought, were stolen last night. On the 6th we learn that our stolen horses were found hitched in the street in Elkton, Todd Co., Ky. Several of the Brethren went in search of the horses, and on the 7th they were found as above stated, and the man who had them in charge, only accepted ten dollars for his trouble. June, 18. Br. Urban goes to Louisville to meet the Ministry of Mt. Lebanon. He waits till the 21st. inst. and then returns without them. On the 26th, the Ministry arrive at Bowling Green and are met at that place by Br. George Rankin. The Ministry are with us till July 9th, when they take the cars for Louisville, and then to Pleasant Hill. THE MANIFESTO. 271 July, 10. Our company of three who accompanied the Ministry to Louisville, take the cars for home. After riding about twenty miles the conductor received a dispatch from Gen. Boyle to return to the city, as it was not sale to proceed. On the 12th we again take the cars for home. A company of soldiers are on board, and many others are stationed as guards by the side of the road. We, however, reached home in safety. July, 22. The Confederates are still sanguine of success, and are holding meetings in our neighborhood. July, 28. Thirty Union soldiers passed through our Village last night, but moved so quietly that few heard them. Aug. 5. We prepare breakfast for one hundred and twenty. They say they are very hungry. As the company does not offer to pay for this repast, we remain quiet and receive only their thanks. Aug. 6. A large bay horse was stolen last night. Companies are being formed in our neighborhood, to enter the southern army, and they say that if they do not take the horses, the northerners will. Aug. 10. Sunday. No cars pass to-day, and it causes some uneasiness in our minds. Aug. 11. One of the Brethren is stopped on the road and three men dismount to examine his horse. They are quite thorough, but when they go in the rear of the horse, the Brother uses his spurs, leaving the company in wonderment. The Brethren are obliged to hide our horses, and to watch them day and night. We are now asked to furnish twenty-five loaves of bread a day for the soldiers in Russellville. We receive three cents per pound. Aug. 13. A Brother and two Sisters go on a visit to Bowling Green. When they reached the pickets, they were ordered to halt and told that they could not pass. Finally they were allowed to drive on as ladies were in the carriage, but thought there would be trouble in getting out of the place. As Br. Urban was so well acquainted with Col. Bruce, he had no fears and drove on. We now learn that Col. Faust with eight thousand soldiers, has made a raid on Gallistan, Tenn. and destroyed a large amount of property. We also learn it was expected that Gen. Morgan would make a raid on Bowling Green and surprise the Federals. Morgan captured four hundred Federal soldiers and then left the place. This so frightened the Union people, that every able-bodied man was ordered to be armed and in readiness for action. Br. Urban and the Sisters returned without harm, after spending most of the day at Bowling Green. (To be continued.)