Shakers, N. Y. becond Family. Nov. 1894. So many of our gospel friends express pleasure at reading 'Home Notes,' that we lay aside other cares for the time, and with pen try to add our mite to help the cause as well as to interest those who peruse the pages of The Manifesto. We have all our crops secured for winter, and are busy with fall plowing. We expect to thrash our wheat and rye the coming week. Oats were thrashed as we brought them from the field. We hai over 1,000 bushels. We had fine weather to secure crops, no frost since our last writing. Ripe tomatoes, were served at breakfast this morning, Nov. 4th picked from the vines yesterday. It is not very often we can say this at this season of the year. The Sisters say some pansies are still in bloom. The recent rains have made the grass much greener than in the summer. Were much pleased with the company of our good Western friends; we had some regrets that their stay was so short, and the weather was not on its good behavior, it was so damp and chilly; but we hope the love of gospel kindred supplied the warmth that the season withheld. The spirit of our Mother must have felt some recompense for her toil and sufferings, if she beheld our good friends standing in respectful silence at her grave, with their hearts filled with love, not only for the mortal part, but also for the principles she established, and for the cause that still exists, a blessing to her name, and a saving power to all who obey it. Isaac Anstatt. North Family. Nov. 1894. If medals would be a fit recompense, our Brother, Simon Emery is certainly entitled to one for the ideas expressed in his letter published in Nov. Manifesto. The least we can say is, that it is the gospel truth; and we want to use it as an incen- THE MANIFESTO. 285 tive to our spiritual energies to work more diligently for the consummation of what every good Believer is anxious to see attained. We thank him for such good testimonies and hope to receive more. The band of Spartans who defended the pass of Thermopylae were men of great physical courage; who were willing to die in the defense of their country. Those who to-day stand in the vanguard upholding the advanced truths revealed to mankind, and clearing the highway that future travelers may proceed with safety must be endowed with something greater than physical courage. But everyone who is honest in his intentions will have strength according to his day. How many of my young friends have ever perused Pilgrim's Progress? to those who have not it would be a profitable season spent in reading it. Striving to come into rapport with the spiritual interpretation of the narrative. We consider it one of the inspired books, for it certainly portrays very clearly the travel of the soul from the lower through the successive stages of growth to the higher life. If the old adage is true that 'short visits make long friends,' the ties of friendship must be strong that bind us to our gospel kindred in the west. We had a call from the Western Ministry and Elders when on their way home. It was short; but we will be thankful for small favors. We are having a beautiful autumn, one with which we can not find fault. Indications point to an open winter; but it may be rather early to predict correctly. Work is progressing favorably on the waterworks, and if the weather continues favorable they will be completed this iall. ilam'ltnn VeU-iato.