East Canterbury N. H. Nov. 1894. As this is Thanksgiving month and so many are interested in one or more days of this much honored season, and as it has even enlisted the attention of the President of the U. S., and also of several of the Governors who have told us just what we had better do on that one day, would it not be quite as well to accept the whole month and study to give thanks for all the blessings that are conferred upon us from day to day. Possibly those who have been caught napping while the earth was being covered with 'beautiful snow' may find it a little difficult to be thankful for this special offering, but while they sorrow the great army of children are out with their sleds and are filled with' rejoicing. To them the first snow of the season is a cause for greater thanksgiving than even the President's proclamation. Br. Arthur Bruce who has the charge of the stock, reports very favorably of the feeding of ensilage, and he wishes he had more. The readiness with which the stock receive it for food is an evidence that they know it is just what they want. Now that we have harvested a hundred tons, we would like an additional hundred tons at the close of another season. In addition to the 100 tons of ensilage, cut from the five acres of land, there was gathered some 437 bushels of ears of Sanford corn, and a large part of this is good for seed. From our small field of yellow corn we obtained 200 bushels. The cows THE MANIFESTO. 287 also have in store 190 bu. of beets, and 280 bu. of carrots and 40 bu. of turnips. Our crop of apples has far exceeded our earlier expectations, and this gift has been a subject of many thanksgivings. Apples whether for summer, fall, or winter hold an exalted place among the fruits of our northern climate. A few varieties of good pears and some nice specimens of peaches are also found at the north; and for all of these we are now giving thanks. Our supply of excellent winter apples is quite liberal, and not less than 1000 bu. of fall and winter apples have been cut and dried. Those not suitable for drying have been left to decay in the orchards. Cider-making at our home is a thing of the past, but for vinegar a feAv apples are hauled some two miles to the mill belonging to our neighbors. Several barrels of good winter apples have been sold by our upper family for which they received $1.50 per barrel. The 'eclipse' windmill is in beautiful woi'king order at our North family. A system of water-works has also been added to the building and this with some needed repairs has produced quite a bill, and even here we may be thankful for all that has been done, and that the expense was no larger. H. C. BKnn.