NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. October. Thermometer. Rain. 1893. 50.71 l.%in. 1894. 50.36 3.75 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 70 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 29 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 8 ' clear ' ' ' 10 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 13 C. G. Reed. Nov. 1894. Fruits and vegetables now being safely stored for the winter, our theme for the present, is a lively gratitude to 'The Lord of the Harvest' for the bounties which it has been our blessing to reap. 'We have harvested a generous supply of rare apples for use, and the later market, while hundreds of bushels have been sold on the ground at 10 cts. a bushel, to our neighbors who though near us, had only a light crop. For our spiritual blessings also we have an oblation of praise. Our Society meetings have continued up to date, later than usual, owing to the mild autumn weather. Nov. 6. Mild autumn weather? Such was our verdict yesterday, when we saw geraniums fresh green, and blooming on the lawn at the Center family, and we could gather a bouquet of dandelions buttercups daisies and clover from among the thick green grass. But to-day? Several inches of snow cover the ground, and the evergreens with their long white hands hang heavily, as though waiting for some one to relieve them of their burden. Such is life! Yet it is a beautiful variety, all needed to accomplish the great and grand law of growth; and while surveying the landscape before me, an attempt at poetry in my youth returns to mind. Should we thus change and in the winter time Our hearts which once were warmed by love's bright beam, Be frozen o'er, and we no more be kind, Ah! then would be no time for thoughts serene. But 'tis not so, though hard the winds may blow, Nor from the sun proceed one cheering gleam With love and friendship still the heart doth glow. Ah! surely then there's time for thoughts serene. Amelia J. Culver. South. Family. Nov. 1894. Dear Editor:By this you will see that we are not asleep, but rather quite wide awake and can still pen a few lines. This morning we enjoyed a beautiful meeting at the Church. Eldress Anna White spoke as I wish we might all feel It was full of hope, courage and zeal, even to make the best of life while looking on the bright side. That we should feel the dignity and independence of life that is for us. 284 THE MANIFESTO. We have much for which to he thankful, far more than of which to complain. Our temporal needs are supplied and we are able to make some improvements on outbuildings. Our store-houses are well rilled and we have some to spare for the needy. We have shipped a quantity cf apples to New York for poor children. It is blessed to receive and also to give, indeed w7e are surrounded with blessings in our Mt. Lebanon home, as we think that no place is more favored on the earth, or inside of the earth. Several new members have entered our family the past season, and we like the quartette very much. At the present time sickness is not to be found among us. We have been enjoying many months of activity, but time may prove how far we may be wholly free from the ills that flesh is heir to. Last Sunday evening there was an accident on the mountain, caused by a runaway horse. Our people went up with a carriage and conveyed the injured people home. Twice this season we have extended a care to wrecked wheelmen. One was from Boston and was so badly cut and bruised that he remained at our office for several days and was taken home on the cars. Mother Lucy Wright once remarked, 'People must live at the South family that they may care for those who need help on the mountain.' We think however, that a little more care on the part of these people, nearly all these accidents might be avoided. We wish to be a thankful people, especially at this time of the year, and are very glad that we are able to lend a helping hand to others. We have some of the luxuries of life, and among these are beautiful springs of never-failing water. These supply our homes,our bath rooms, our laundry and our kitchen. Water is one of the great blessings. We can use it freely and be made clean. It is good for the inner and outer man, and helps us to be thankful, more ready to praise than to censure, more willing to assist others than to be assisted. Sarah Collins. Shakers, N. Y. becond Family. Nov. 1894. So many of our gospel friends express pleasure at reading 'Home Notes,' that we lay aside other cares for the time, and with pen try to add our mite to help the cause as well as to interest those who peruse the pages of The Manifesto. We have all our crops secured for winter, and are busy with fall plowing. We expect to thrash our wheat and rye the coming week. Oats were thrashed as we brought them from the field. We hai over 1,000 bushels. We had fine weather to secure crops, no frost since our last writing. Ripe tomatoes, were served at breakfast this morning, Nov. 4th picked from the vines yesterday. It is not very often we can say this at this season of the year. The Sisters say some pansies are still in bloom. The recent rains have made the grass much greener than in the summer. Were much pleased with the company of our good Western friends; we had some regrets that their stay was so short, and the weather was not on its good behavior, it was so damp and chilly; but we hope the love of gospel kindred supplied the warmth that the season withheld. The spirit of our Mother must have felt some recompense for her toil and sufferings, if she beheld our good friends standing in respectful silence at her grave, with their hearts filled with love, not only for the mortal part, but also for the principles she established, and for the cause that still exists, a blessing to her name, and a saving power to all who obey it. Isaac Anstatt. North Family. Nov. 1894. If medals would be a fit recompense, our Brother, Simon Emery is certainly entitled to one for the ideas expressed in his letter published in Nov. Manifesto. The least we can say is, that it is the gospel truth; and we want to use it as an incen- THE MANIFESTO. 285 tive to our spiritual energies to work more diligently for the consummation of what every good Believer is anxious to see attained. We thank him for such good testimonies and hope to receive more. The band of Spartans who defended the pass of Thermopylae were men of great physical courage; who were willing to die in the defense of their country. Those who to-day stand in the vanguard upholding the advanced truths revealed to mankind, and clearing the highway that future travelers may proceed with safety must be endowed with something greater than physical courage. But everyone who is honest in his intentions will have strength according to his day. How many of my young friends have ever perused Pilgrim's Progress? to those who have not it would be a profitable season spent in reading it. Striving to come into rapport with the spiritual interpretation of the narrative. We consider it one of the inspired books, for it certainly portrays very clearly the travel of the soul from the lower through the successive stages of growth to the higher life. If the old adage is true that 'short visits make long friends,' the ties of friendship must be strong that bind us to our gospel kindred in the west. We had a call from the Western Ministry and Elders when on their way home. It was short; but we will be thankful for small favors. We are having a beautiful autumn, one with which we can not find fault. Indications point to an open winter; but it may be rather early to predict correctly. Work is progressing favorably on the waterworks, and if the weather continues favorable they will be completed this iall. ilam'ltnn VeU-iato. West Pittsfield, Mass. Nov. 1894. We have not had a picnic or play-time of any kind to speak of this month, nor are they necessary to our happiness. If contentment reigns in the home, pleasure may be found in small things. 'Our common joys, O what are they? The brightest and the best; They glad us in our busy walks, Are with us when we rest. ******** The consciousness of doing good With every passing day.' We have long anticipated the possession of a new ice-house, with modern improvements. Within the last two months it has been erected. The building is 22x34 ft. with brick walls 18 ft. high, laid in redcolored mortar. One half of the lower story is finished inside with Southern pine, to be used for cold storage. The ice-hall and chamber will hold nbout two hundred tons of ice. The outside wood-work is painted a light gray color, and presents quite a nice appearance. There are rooms for vegetables, fruits, ments, and many things that we may wish to keep for a long or short time. Kight here in our Shaker Village they are building a new road, or ritlier changing the i\&gt;ad, that runs east and west io a State highway. There has been some thirty men with nearly as many teams at work here since tie mMdle of October. They change the grade where they can, and cover the road with top rock stone; then roll it down with a roller weighing 17 tons. The one mile of road to be done this season is to cost several thousand dollars. We understand there has, or will be built, one mile in a number of places in the State, this year. If they give satisfaction more will be built another season. We may expect some good roads across the State some time in the future. We hope it will not be long before they continue this new highway over the mountain to Mt. Lebanon. We have had some fine rain-storms of late. The last one caught us unprepared. We had been opening some ditches for new water-pipes, and rain is not apt to enhance the pleasure of such work. Sunshine and wind have dried up the mud now so that the enterprise can be continued. 286 THE MANIFESTO. Thanksgiving day will soon be at hand. As we review the year and consider the countless blessings with which it has abounded, we feel that our gratitude is inadequate. While we wish our friends in the several Societies a happy and prosperous season on the 29th inst. we will reord a determination to keep each day a Thanksgiving day to the Lord in recognition of the kind and loving way he has led us 'all the days of our life.' Em tretta Belden.