Shaker Station, Ct. Dec. 1894. We stand on the threshold of the New Year. Let us review the twelve months just passed away. One moment, one hour, one day at a time, they have gone, just as the coming year will go. The past year was made up of thousands of little items, and thus will the sum of our whole life be made up. We can not go back to repair aught that was amiss; to improve opportunities neglected; to correct injuries done. But knowing wherein we have failed, we may in the future shun that which was wrong in the past. Every honest heart must admit that the highest satisfaction and joy has come from duty well done, of burdens patiently borne, of temptations to evil resisted, of opportunities of doin;jj good gladly embraced. There are many who would, if they could, recall the selfish feeling of which they have been faulty, the unkind word, the ungenerous act. All that we can do to atone for the past is to avoid committing errors in future, and make the New Year one of happiness and joy. So let us begin with the determination to look to God for our strength and our guidance determined to persevere to the end of the race and lend a helping hand to all within our reach. The corrupting habit of using slang words and expressions is demoralizing. It destroys refinement, self-respect, respect for others, and does injury to the gospel cause. Those 'who name the name of Christ' should carefully watch against this evil. Such are some of the 'idle words,' against which we are warned in the forcible language of Scripture. A spirit of purity and Christian love pervades each number of The Manifesto, and none, we think, can carefully read it without being better for the p Tusal. It tells how to make life pure, peaceful and pleasant. An invaluable journal and one which we trust, will find many t &gt; re id, to ponder anJ give heed to its wise suggestions. ******* Celery, onions and turnips, chopped and mixed with bran, oats, meat and mitk and fed hut, make an excellent morning ration for liL-ns. Buckwheat or wheat and apples at noon; corn and cabbage ;it niglit. In setting hens it is important to provide dry earth or some substitute in the bottom of the nest. While the hen leaves the nest, dirt or sod will retain the heat under the eggs. Food should be placed where the hen may supply her need without absenting herself too long from the eggs. Daniel Orcutt