NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. November. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1893. 31.2 % in. 3 in. 1S;)4. 34. 2&gt;4 ' 20 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 58 above 0 L .west ' ' ' ' 10 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 4 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 11 ' ' clear ' ' ' 10 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 5 C. O. Reed. Center Family. Dec. 1894. We wish to extend to you the Compliments of the Holiday season, almost upon us, wishing the Editor and helpers of The Manifesto much success the coming year in spreading the light of our Church organization. We need helpers to build up and sustain what has been bequeathed us by earnest, faithful and noble souls who gave their all for the cause, not to be squandered, but added thereunto. We have been attacked here at Lebanon, at least some of the people, with the Florida fever; whether or no we shall convalesce before spring, remains to be seen. We learn that our Canterbury friends are prospering in their re-organized condition. This is a day of changes, and if all of ours shall conduce to paramount growth, it will be a cause for thankfulness and gratitude. We are housed for tlie season; ail the crops having been stored in pretty good condition. Brethren are engaged in making medicine for the cure of bodies made sick by wrong living, either through ignorance or willfulness, or both; but no matter which, the medicine is needed just the same. Health of our Society pretty good. Timothy Rayson Shakers, N. Y. North Family. Dec. 1894. Thanksgiving ha's come and gone; that is, the external manifestation of the day, but the time can never pass by when we are not able to render thanksgiving. On Thursday, the 29th of November, we attended a meeting for the special review of the blessings vouchsafed to us the past year. The service was opened by reading the 145th Psalm, and our minds were turned to the contemplation of the thanks- giving that it is our duty to render daily. We have blessed seasons of spiritual com- munion in our weekly Society meetings, for which our hearts respond in gratitude. May we always maintain an interest in these seasons for devotion lor they are the perennial springs from which flow the ministrations that enable the Zion traveler to bear aloft the banner; on this depends his success. The hot air engine for water pumping, has so far proved successful, forcing the water up to the reservoir without any difficulty. Plenty of fresh water is a necessary article in any civilized community, and to be deprived of it, is more than an inconvenience. TERMS. 18 THE MANIFESTO. The cycle of the second year has passed | since our advent here; and like the tread , of marshaled hosts, the years come and j go, carrying with them the record of both j the meritorious deeds and those that are | not so worthy. One fact we have discovered—that we carry our individuality with us; there is no escape; and when we arrive at that condition where we stand on Mt. Zion with the perfect overcomers, it must be through the same process, whether our home is in the tropics or in the ice-bound regions of the frigid zone. By the time these Notes appear, the advent of the New Year will have been sounded. May it be one filled with joy to our blessed Gospel relation; may the special blessing of our heavenly Father and Mother rest upon those who are the standard-bearers of the higher life and though they walk in tribulation yet will not lower the standard but proclaim the testimony of Everlasting Life, that all who run, may read. Hamilton DeGraw Second Family Dec. 1894. The New Year will soon be ushered in. How quickly the moments pass away when hands and mind are employed in well-doing. It seems but a short time since we began 'Notes' for 1894. How the seasons come and go! So it is with humanity. As one steps off the stage another steps on. In consideration of this should it not urge us to well improve our day and time not know, ing how soon the reaper will call us home. The light patches of snow here and there, declare the commencing reign of winter, but if we have stored in provisions for the occasion, we shall be numbered with the wise virgins. Our creamery that we started last spring is proving a success, and a decided improvement on the old system. The only trouble is to keep supply equal to demand# We hail all our gospel kindred with kindly greetings. The aged in Zion our fathers and mothers, those in full vigor of manhood and womanhood, the youth and children. We wish you one and all a happy New Year. May the blessings of God and an innumerable company of angels be with us all the coming year. Isaac Anstatt