Books and Papers THE PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL AND SCIENCE of Health THE PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL AND SCIENCE of Health for December contain.-, a variety of excellent features. The frontispiece allows thirty-six intelligent faces, comprising the graduating eUus of the Phrenological Institute for 1894. Character studies of Archbishop Corrigan and Dr. O. W. Holmes, by Dr. Edgar C. Beall, with fine portraits will attract attention among Catholics and admirers of the deceased poet. Prof. Sizer continues his interesting series, How to Study Strangers; and Mrs. Wells reviews the life of a phrenological philanthropist. The bx-illiant lecture by Prof. J. S. Van Cleve upon musicians and poets is concluded with fascinating sketches of Whittier, Cowper, Byron, Burns, Holmes and James Whitconib Kiley. Much instructive and etertaining matter will also be found in the reports of the closing addresses of the Institute faculty. The department of Child Culture and Hygiene are exceptionally good, and the editor devotes several pages to Clairvoyance and four 'graduates' of the Elmira Reformatory. Price, 15 cents, $1. 50 a year. Address The Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 27 East 21st St., New York. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. December. Contents. Foundation Principles; Vegetarianism; Anti-Vaccination; Pasteur and Hydrophobia; Editorial; The Pride of the Companj¦¦; The Temperature of the Body; Health Schools; etc., etc, Dr 1. V. Clifford and Co. Kokomo, Ind. The Theatre The Theatre,—is a harmless little pamphlet of some eighty-live pages. We do not wish you to go into the theatre, but rather to go through this book in careful consideration, and possibly you may gain some new points of information. It is published by H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. The writer of this little work is evidently fully persuaded in the mission he has taken upon himself and enters it with a zeal that is highly commendable. Believing that the theatre is prejudicial to the life interests of the Christian and exerts a baneful influence over the minds of all classes, lie not only comes forward with a personal protest, but brings with him a formidable array of witnesses who through actual experience or from observation believe that the play houses and theatres are no less than 'the gates of hell.' The author next enters the churches and handles the Christians without gloves. This gate way to heaven has its church 'guild' and pool tables, and billiard tables, and fancy dress balls with theatricals and bacchanalian songs, all brought in to obtain a little money with which to convict the poor heathen. Send for 'The Theatre' and ascertain the position you occupy for the good of humanity. Dictionary of United States' History Dictionary of United States' History by .). Franklin Jameson, Ph. D. Illustrated with nearly 300 portraits, and published by the Pu- ritan Publishing Co. This beautiful volume of nearly 700 pages need only to be seen to he appreciated. It goes out from the Publishers as a valuable work for the student, in that its many departments are so fully tilled with essential information especially for those who are devoted to historical studies. The type is large and clear, the paper of excellent quality and the binding is substantial. An attractive feature of the Book is the large number of portraits to be found on its pages. It also makes a very companionable book as ready reference can be had with so large an amount of the history of the United States. —The quaint little women of Kate Greenaway are to be seen in a magazine for the first time since their creation. Miss Greenaway has heretofore always drawn them in color and for book publication. Now, however, she is at work, upon a special series of her curious tots for The Ladies' Home Journal, and in that periodical they will alternate with a new series of Palmer Cox's funny 'Brownies.' THE COLUMBIA DESK CALENDER. Fok ten years the desk calendar issued by the Pope Manufacturing Company has held a unique place among business helpers. Each daily leaf during that time has taught its quiet lesson of the value of better roads and outdoor exercise, and especially the benefits of bicycling. The calendar for 1895, which is just issued, is even brighter than its predecessors in appearance, as clever artists have added dainty silhouette and sketch to the usual wise and witty contributions that have heretofore given this popular calendar its charm. It can be had for five 2-cent stamps from the Pope Manufacturing Company, Hartford, Conn., or from any Columbia bicycle agency.