THE INCOMING YEAR WITH the opening of the new 'year, come new resolves, new hopes and new aspirations. New interests will attract our attention and new zeal will be awakened for the peace and prosperity of our gospel home. We are astonished at the velocity with which time flies from us and it is seemingly the journey only of a few days since we were reading 'The Shaker' as our little paper was designated in its infancy. When Vol. I—No. 1 in 1871 sent out its introductory note, and informed its anticipated readers that it would 'be devoted to the cause of religious truths ; devoid of speculative theories of a theological nature,' the active workers of that date had but a faint idea of the duties they were preparing to take. Elder Giles B. Avery was probably the most active mind in establishing out first and only periodical publication that has been presented to the public as an official work. The first number of 'The Shaker' was sent into the world with anxious hopes and a prayerful desire for the blessing of God to accompany it on its mission of brotherly love. From that date to the close of the present volume there never has been a broken record through a course of twenty-four years. Like everything that has a place in the Providence of God there has been some changes in the title of our little monthly and also some changes in the general arrangement of the paper. For three years it was known as 'The Shaker' and was published in a quarto form of eight pages under the Editorial management of Br. G. A. Lomas, of Watervliet, N. Y. In the publishing of 'The Shaker' we soon saw the necessity of changing our system of musical characters, which at best was quite imperfect and at the above date were written without the staff, and the small letters of the alphabet represented the notes. It was soon found necessary to adopt the same form that was in general use. To some who had grown familiar with the 'sight music' as the letters were termed, this change was like a backward move of many years, and from their hearts the 'black heads' had no word of welcome, and it was not till we had reached the twelfth number of the first volume that 'The Shaker' was able to publish its first piece of music. Many months then passed along before the Editor could see his way clear to present another piece of music. This time he selected 'Faith's Vision,' and it needed a deep faith and a clear vision to see far enough into the future to be assured that the 'black notes' were the right ones to use. As these characters with but few exceptions, whether in the spaces or on the lines were quite alike, THE MANIFESTO. 15 they were called 'hide and seek' notes as the singers would be obliged to depend largely upon guess work, and it was thought that few only would be able to sing the music by note. As no more music found its way into the columns of 'The Shaker' till it had reached the 7th number of Vol. II., there was sufficient time for all to become better acquainted with the innovation and even for many to appreciate the proposed change. From that date to the present, with but few exceptions, the music has found a welcome place in every issue. In 1873 the 1st number of Vol. III. came out under the title of 'Shaker and Shakeress' and was edited by Elder F. AV. Evans of Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. It carried this name for three years, when it was again placed under the charge of Br. G. A. Lomas, and returned to its original title 'The Shaker.' During all these years the printing of the paper was done in the office of Weed and Parsons of Albany, N. Y. whose reputation for excellent work was well established. In 1877—78 'The Shaker' was printed in the office of J. H. Pearsons of Concord, N. H. In 1878 the publication took the name of 'The Shaker Manifesto' and the form was changed to an octavo of twenty-eight pages. The compositors were now the Sisters of our own home in Canterbury, while the printing continued to be done by the firm in Concord. In January 1879 'The Shaker Manifesto' returned to the office of Weed and Parsons, and remained in that place till January 1882 when the editorial management was accepted at Canterbury, N. H. and the Sister compositors after a respite of three years might again be found busy in the setting of types, which has continued uninterrupted till the present date. From 1882 till 1887 the types weie arranged into pages and taken to the office of Sleeper and Evans in Concord, N. H. to be printed. In January 1883 the title was again changed, and this time to the simple form of 'The Manifesto.' In 1887 we made arrangements to have the business all transferred to our village, and accordingly fitted up the printing office with necessary machinery, and when 'The Manifesto' was ready for the mail, at the close of the month, we were much pleased with our own success. Since the above date we have moved quietly along with only such changes as became necessary for its general improvement. The success of our little paper has been largely through the kind efforts of our beloved Brethren and Sisters, who have liberally contributed to its columns and also contributed generously to the expense of its publication.