HISTORY OF SOUTH UNION, KY. NO. 15. AUG. 27, 1862. During the time of the war in 1862 the Believers of South Union are obliged to go to Bowling Green, a distance of fifteen miles, to reach a Post Office. Not less than 500 Cavalry pass through our Village to-day, and we supply them with bread and fruit. The whole country is in a state of anarchy and no one feels safe. Robbers enter the dwellings of both rich and poor and take all they can find, by force. Sept. 14. 800 Federal Cavalry and 300 Infantry pass through the Village. Some 40,000 Confederates have entered the state, and reached Cave City. It is dangerous to be far from home either night or day. The slaves are beginning to think that they are men. Some are waiting in patience for 'Massa Lincoln' to set them free; others who are impatient run away to places of anticipated security. If any are re-taken their masters whip them severely and then drive them before their horses like cattle. There is but little value placed on human life. Oct. 25. The buying and selling of human beings still continues. This morning, three stout black men, having their hands tied behind them and being lashed together, are driven like cattle through our streets. Let us read this,—'Whatsoever measure you mete to others, shall be meted to you again.' The Union soldiers are seen nearly every day as they pass through the country, and the Confederates are seen quite as often. Of course they are all Christians and belong to the Christian churches, but are anxious to put each other beyond the breathing point. JANUARY 4 THE MANIFESTO. Nov. 4. Five regiments of Union Cavalry pass through the Village. The road as far as one can see is filled with soldiers. When they enter our Village the men and horses are covered with a cloud of dust. All :ire encamped by midnight. 'We endeavored, but in vain, to have the army stop in the woods but tiny threw down the fences and all the men, horses and wagons entered our pastures. In a short time nearly 4000 camp fires are lighted, and although the spectacle is beautifully grand, the pleasure is somewhat diminished as we know that they are tearing down our fences and burning our valuable white oak rails. A subsequent estimate of their destructive fires is not less than 20,000 rails. In this company were 5000 men and some 6000 horses. They were all unier the command of Col. Kennett. He is a very kind man, but quite impossible for him to prevent his men, at times, from helping themselves as opportunity offered. Pickets are sent out to guard every road, leading into the place, to prevent any disturbance or alarm. All night long these men sit, patiently, on their horses, keeping guard over the people and their property. By their pilfering we lose the honey of several bee-hives, a few potatoes, some baskets, buckets and some other things. The thieving was charged to the teamsters, but they did not incline to admit it. Nov. 5. The morning opens beautifully clear, and the army leaves the place. The Brethren are soon on the grounds to extinguish all the fires and to care for the property generally. We soon learn that the sold:ers have emptied three barns of all the provender. They gave a voucher on the government for $378.00 but said they were unauthorized to account for the rails that were burned. For those we subsequently received $75.00. The camping-ground is a scene of wraste and desolation. They left three horses th it were unfit for service, also a lot of corn and forage scattered about the grounds. Some of this the Brethren save and also re-build the fences. The great Sahara desert could not afflict one more, on the same area, than do our dusty roads. We have had but very little rain for three months, and with so much travel, the powdered clay on the roads, in some places is not less than three inches deep. When the Cavalry pass or a flurry of wind sweeps over it, the dust goes up in clouds, and even the buildings are indistinctly seen. Some sick soldiers are left in our charge, almost every day. The officers generally eat and lodge in the Trustees' Office and kindly settle all their bills. Nov. 10. A regiment of Cavalry pass on to Russellville, and in the p. m. a company of 2000 are seen marching along the highway. The solid footfall of tramp, tramp, tramp, at the sound of the fife and drum, is a remarkable sight, especially when we consider the errand on which they are sent. THE MANIFESTO. 5 As soon as this company is gone, another of 250 come from the west and c.unp on our grounds. They c:vll for 100 lbs. of meat and 100 lbs. of bread, which is soon provided for them. In the night another company of Cavalry come along and demand supper for the men and forage for the horses. These men, although they are Union soldiers, are obtrusive and unreasonable. War does not refine the mind. We must either comply with their demands or suffer for not complying. Nov. 13. We receive a letter from PUasr.nt Hill; the first word from that Society since the Confederate invasion of the blue g;ass region. The Brethren and Sisters have come off vastly better than we could have expected. Indeed, the Lord has protected them in their home. They lost a few horses and wagons by the ''impress' process and when the large army of 20,000 passed through their Village they were obliged to cook night and day for nearly a week, but otherwise were uninjured. They are respected by both the Union and Confederate armies, and their religious scruples recognized. Returning to South Union we make record of the considerate care that is exercised by Major Kennedy who came with two other officers and put up at the Office for the night. They left some 300 men and horses at quite a distance from the Village, although they could easily have reached South Union. They thought we had been too much imposed upon already by the large number of soldiers that have camped upon our grounds. (To be continued.)