BRYANT CENTENNIAL COMMEMORATION By Martha J. Anderson THE centennial birthday of William Cullen Bryant was commemorated by the 'Self-Improvement Society' of the North family of Shakers at Mt. Lebanon in their last weekly meeting. There was a nicely formed circle of twenty members; a large bouquet of the last flowers of summer was placed on a circular stand in the centre and added brightness and cheerfulness to the well-lighted room. After an appropriate song, with organ accompaniment, Catherine Allen, the sister president, made a few fitting re 10 THE MANIFESTO. marks concerning the 'Poet of Nature;' dwelling on the simplicity and uprightness of his character as a man, and of his loyalty as a citizen of the Republic, deeming it worthy of our notice as a religious organization to pay homage to so worthy and so noble a character. The following sonnet was written in the centre of a large sheet of white paper, artistically embellished with birds, and encircled with beautiful Ampdopsis leaves, rich in color and varied as the hues of autumn : WILLIAM CULLEN BRYANT.—BORN NOVEMBER 3, 1794 By Martha J. Anderson A century's close dims not thy glorious fame, Thou loyal son of brave New England sires, Who at their hearth-stones kindled freedom's fires And won by valorous deeds an honored name. A noble lineage holds thee in claim; Thy soul was cradled 'neath these forest spires Where 'God's First Temples' wakened high desires, And inspiration fanned Faith's sacred flame. Thy dream of youth in 'Thanatopsis' given Into thy closing days its beauty wrought, And gave thee access to a loftier heaven Than is by creed or cringing error brought. All honor to thy blessed memory, Long live the praise of thy sweet minstrelsy. A most interesting biographical sketch was compiled and read by Lydia Staples. Then followed an original character sketch. WILLIAM CULLEN BRYANT By Lucy S. Bowers Just one hundred years ago a beautiful soul was born into the world, whose spark of divine intelligence glowred and burned and increased till its light has illuminated the hearts of men even to the farthermost isles of the sea, and is destined to shine through unnumbered generations. This soul has become familiar to us in the person of William Cullen Bryant, the poet of Nature whom, though we have not seen in physical form, we have learned to love and admire tenderly and sincerely through that which he has given to us in his melodious and inspiring verses, which sparkle like beautiful gems upon the pages of English literature. They are right who declare that Nature has never had a more devout and appreciative worshipper than William Cullen Bryant. 'The beautiful trees wThen covered with green foliage, or crowued with the golden pomp of autumn, or glassed in the ice of winter, as they stand root clasped in root, and branch embracing branch like a band of brothers were his instructors; the sweet sisterhood of floweis gleaming like drops of sky and sunbeam and rainbow were the pets of his passionate love; the warbling birds, the lakes, the streams, green fields and forests were his favorites. The rocks are the altars on which he offered his songs.' The mountain is a footstool which THE MANIFESTO. 11 touches the throne of God and he often knelt there. Truly what loftier hemes could man's mind employ for the uplifting of his soul toward the Supreme? In what holier realm could he wander? among what grander ob- jects could he search for Divine wisdom than among these precious things of Infinite creation and careful keeping. 'Whatsoever things are lovely, true, pure and of good report, think on these things.' By obeying this injunction, Bryant rose into and lived in the sphere and element of true holiness and everlasting love. Bryant was born at Cuininington, November 3, 1794. He was descended on both sides from families winch came in the Mayflower. His father was a physician and also a poet. Among the best books written by the best authors the child found pleasant opportunity for the cultivation of talents which he exhibited at a very early age. It is told that when sixteen months old, he knew all the letters of the alphabet, and when three years old, he attended the district school. By the time he was ten years of age he had written verses for declamation in school which were printtd in a local paper. At thirteen he wrote a satire at the expense of Jefferson, entitled 'The Embargo,' wiiich was printed in book form, and was so successful as to require a second edition. In the year 1817 he reached national fame by the publication in the North American Review of his poem entitled 'Thanatopsis,' this poem had been written in 1811 when he was but 17 years old and proved to te not only the finest that had yet been produced on this continent, but one of the most remarkable ever produced at such an early age. So that even before he took up literature by which to earn a living, his fame as a writer was well established. There could have been no time in his life for idleness, for at the age of sixteen he was a student at William's college, where he soon became well versed in both ancient and modern languages, after which he was admitted to the bar and practiced law ten years. As time advanced he became known as a poet, journalist and orator; he edited the New York Evening Post for nearly fifty years, made memorable addresses and was a correspondent and traveler, making six trips to Europe and visiting Egypt and Syria. In the year 1821 he married Francis Fairchild, who died in 1866, leaving two children. Among his great literary works are one hundred original poems. He translated the 'Iliad' and 'Odeysey,' wrote many newspaper editorials, and 'Letters to a Traveler,' 'Letters from the East,' 'Orations and Addresses ;' edited 'Picturesque America,' 'Library of Poetry and Song,' and a 'School History of the United States.' His most famous poems are 'The Embargo,' 'Thanatopsis,' 'Forest Hymn,' 'Land of Dreams,' 'Waiting at the Gate,' 'Robert of Lincoln,' 'To a Water-fowl,' 'Death of the Flowers,' 'The Flood of Years,' 'Among the Trees,' and the 'Od.e to Washington,' which is said to be his last poem, 12 THE MANIFESTO. It is not necessary to point out at any length the merits of a poet whose productions are a world wide delight; his poems are distinguished by their perfect finish and exquisite style, their elevated tone, their dignity of sentiment and their lovely pictures of American scenery. He was true to nature, and nature's simplicity and purity were most charmingly reflected in his sweet verses. From such poetry we learn how much we owe those poets whose genius is under the control of moral feelings; who make the imagination and the sense of beauty ministering servants at the altar of the highest good and the highest truth. Among his honors he was enrolled as one of the alumni of William's college, his seventieth birthday was celebrated by the Century Club and on the day that began his eighty-first year lie received the 'Bryant Vase.' It was not until age had whitened his locks that Bryant's struggle with poverty ceased. We are told that his life was a constant succession of trials, yet through it all he maintained the simplicity and sweetness of manner which were his distinguishing characteristics. His life was free from frailties which mar those of the average man. In his habits he was physiological and abstemious, spending one hour every day in bathing and gymnastic exercises and walking out in all kinds of weather, as a reward he never experienced sickness up to his dying day at which time at the age of eighty- four years June 12, 1878, he was stricken with heat while making an address at the unveiling of a statue to Mazzini at Central Park. When the 'Post' became a paying property he purchased a country home at Roslyn, L. I., and named it Cedarmere. There he lived and died and there his body rests in the quiet village church-yard. In due time a monument will be erected to his name in Central Park as a tribute to his genius; it will express the universal admiration of a loving and appreciative people. On the monument, which is to be of pure Italian marble, will be carved the name of the poet and underneath it will be the word 'Thanatopsis,' the title of his greatest poem. Let me quote a few of his own gentle words and my sketch is finished. 'I was always,' he says, 'from my earliest years a delighted observer of external nature—the splendors of the winter day-break over the wide wastes of snow seen from my windows, the glories of the autumnal woods, the gloomy approaches of the thunder-storm and its departure amid sunshine and rainbows, the return of spring with its flowers, and the first snow-fall of winter, though I rarely heard such things spoken of I cherished them in my secret mind.' Bryant must have left the world better than he found it, for who can help growing better when associated with good and pure-minded men and women. SONG. 'Trees, swaying trees, waves, whispering waves, Ye tell of the glory of God to me. The beautiful prints of His fingers of love, I find on the land and the sea.' THE MANIFESTO. 13 Recitations from the poet's productions,—'To a Water-fowl.' By Julia M. Lincoln. 'God's First Temples;' By Grace H. Bowers. 'TLanatopsis.' Read by Eldress Anna White. BRYANT By Sarah J. Burger Long hushed the voice that tuned the hymns of praise; Folded the hands that touched the lyre of song; The heart that hurned with inspiration strong Beats now to rhythm of immortal lays. His was the giant's strength of earlier days, He shared the joys and sorrows of life's throng, And, battling bravely 'gainst the tide of wrong He strove to lead mankind in perfect ways. Across his sunset gleamed the bars of gold, And purple fringed was every changing cloud That wove for him the royal, kindly shroud, That wrapped his noble form within its fold. A garland fair all nature for him weaves While tribute true his memory receives. 'October.' Recitation by Jennie Vinneo. 'November.' Mabel E. Lane. 'Death of the Flowers.' May Rullhausen. 'Old Man's Funeral.' Ameia Bell. 'Land of Dreams.' Read by Annie R. Stephens.