NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. November. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1893. 31.2 % in. 3 in. 1S;)4. 34. 2&gt;4 ' 20 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 58 above 0 L .west ' ' ' ' 10 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 4 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 11 ' ' clear ' ' ' 10 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 5 C. O. Reed. Center Family. Dec. 1894. We wish to extend to you the Compliments of the Holiday season, almost upon us, wishing the Editor and helpers of The Manifesto much success the coming year in spreading the light of our Church organization. We need helpers to build up and sustain what has been bequeathed us by earnest, faithful and noble souls who gave their all for the cause, not to be squandered, but added thereunto. We have been attacked here at Lebanon, at least some of the people, with the Florida fever; whether or no we shall convalesce before spring, remains to be seen. We learn that our Canterbury friends are prospering in their re-organized condition. This is a day of changes, and if all of ours shall conduce to paramount growth, it will be a cause for thankfulness and gratitude. We are housed for tlie season; ail the crops having been stored in pretty good condition. Brethren are engaged in making medicine for the cure of bodies made sick by wrong living, either through ignorance or willfulness, or both; but no matter which, the medicine is needed just the same. Health of our Society pretty good. Timothy Rayson Shakers, N. Y. North Family. Dec. 1894. Thanksgiving ha's come and gone; that is, the external manifestation of the day, but the time can never pass by when we are not able to render thanksgiving. On Thursday, the 29th of November, we attended a meeting for the special review of the blessings vouchsafed to us the past year. The service was opened by reading the 145th Psalm, and our minds were turned to the contemplation of the thanks- giving that it is our duty to render daily. We have blessed seasons of spiritual com- munion in our weekly Society meetings, for which our hearts respond in gratitude. May we always maintain an interest in these seasons for devotion lor they are the perennial springs from which flow the ministrations that enable the Zion traveler to bear aloft the banner; on this depends his success. The hot air engine for water pumping, has so far proved successful, forcing the water up to the reservoir without any difficulty. Plenty of fresh water is a necessary article in any civilized community, and to be deprived of it, is more than an inconvenience. TERMS. 18 THE MANIFESTO. The cycle of the second year has passed | since our advent here; and like the tread , of marshaled hosts, the years come and j go, carrying with them the record of both j the meritorious deeds and those that are | not so worthy. One fact we have discovered—that we carry our individuality with us; there is no escape; and when we arrive at that condition where we stand on Mt. Zion with the perfect overcomers, it must be through the same process, whether our home is in the tropics or in the ice-bound regions of the frigid zone. By the time these Notes appear, the advent of the New Year will have been sounded. May it be one filled with joy to our blessed Gospel relation; may the special blessing of our heavenly Father and Mother rest upon those who are the standard-bearers of the higher life and though they walk in tribulation yet will not lower the standard but proclaim the testimony of Everlasting Life, that all who run, may read. Hamilton DeGraw Second Family Dec. 1894. The New Year will soon be ushered in. How quickly the moments pass away when hands and mind are employed in well-doing. It seems but a short time since we began 'Notes' for 1894. How the seasons come and go! So it is with humanity. As one steps off the stage another steps on. In consideration of this should it not urge us to well improve our day and time not know, ing how soon the reaper will call us home. The light patches of snow here and there, declare the commencing reign of winter, but if we have stored in provisions for the occasion, we shall be numbered with the wise virgins. Our creamery that we started last spring is proving a success, and a decided improvement on the old system. The only trouble is to keep supply equal to demand# We hail all our gospel kindred with kindly greetings. The aged in Zion our fathers and mothers, those in full vigor of manhood and womanhood, the youth and children. We wish you one and all a happy New Year. May the blessings of God and an innumerable company of angels be with us all the coming year. Isaac Anstatt Harvard, Mass. Dec. 1894. To the mandates of time the seasons have rendered Perfect obedience, the autumn has gone, The cold breath of winter now forward hath ventured Silenced the notes of the forest-bird's song. The fields are all bare, trees stripped of their verdure, Save here and there stands a lone evergreen, The rivulets yield to the dictates of Mature, Their murmurs are hushed by an ice-bound chain. Winter has come to stay. Its first monition caught us rather unprepared, but the snow was light and soon left. So we came out all right with nothing harmed. Old zero, after several approaches, came upon us the morning of the 5th inst. but we had taken his hints and were well prepared, so there was no mischief done. At present writing we are having splendid weather, Fifteen carpenters keep the air resonant with their hammers making lively work with shingles and clapboards, the painters following on with paint and brush. Appearances now are that we shall soon have a barn. We assembled Thanksgiving day and with grateful hearts, and united prayers, gave thanks for the blessing of health in our Society, and that the fates dealt so lightly with us in our recent loss by fire. The spirit of care and watchfulness was ministered to us, that we may be spared a repetition of our sad experience. We closed Thanksgiving in the tangible manner of reducing three fat turkeys to skeletons. Our dear Eldress Maria Foster is suffering from an attack of tonsilitis. We hope the worst is over and she will soon be in health again. Time has hurried us on to the month of kindly greetings and good wishes. With THE MANIFESTO. 19 sincere and true hearts we wish all and every one an enjoyable Christmas and a happy New Year. Marcia M. Bullard Shaker Station, Ct. Dec. 1894. We stand on the threshold of the New Year. Let us review the twelve months just passed away. One moment, one hour, one day at a time, they have gone, just as the coming year will go. The past year was made up of thousands of little items, and thus will the sum of our whole life be made up. We can not go back to repair aught that was amiss; to improve opportunities neglected; to correct injuries done. But knowing wherein we have failed, we may in the future shun that which was wrong in the past. Every honest heart must admit that the highest satisfaction and joy has come from duty well done, of burdens patiently borne, of temptations to evil resisted, of opportunities of doin;jj good gladly embraced. There are many who would, if they could, recall the selfish feeling of which they have been faulty, the unkind word, the ungenerous act. All that we can do to atone for the past is to avoid committing errors in future, and make the New Year one of happiness and joy. So let us begin with the determination to look to God for our strength and our guidance determined to persevere to the end of the race and lend a helping hand to all within our reach. The corrupting habit of using slang words and expressions is demoralizing. It destroys refinement, self-respect, respect for others, and does injury to the gospel cause. Those 'who name the name of Christ' should carefully watch against this evil. Such are some of the 'idle words,' against which we are warned in the forcible language of Scripture. A spirit of purity and Christian love pervades each number of The Manifesto, and none, we think, can carefully read it without being better for the p Tusal. It tells how to make life pure, peaceful and pleasant. An invaluable journal and one which we trust, will find many t &gt; re id, to ponder anJ give heed to its wise suggestions. ******* Celery, onions and turnips, chopped and mixed with bran, oats, meat and mitk and fed hut, make an excellent morning ration for liL-ns. Buckwheat or wheat and apples at noon; corn and cabbage ;it niglit. In setting hens it is important to provide dry earth or some substitute in the bottom of the nest. While the hen leaves the nest, dirt or sod will retain the heat under the eggs. Food should be placed where the hen may supply her need without absenting herself too long from the eggs. Daniel Orcutt Enfield, N. H. Dec. 1894. A happy New Year to all our gospel friends! News is scarce this month and items 'few and far between.' We have commenced the manufacture of eight hundred Eclipse Corn Planters; the iron work is delivered to us all finished and ready to be arranged into the complete machine. The hard wood frames and the seed hoppers are made from our own lumber and by our own people. There are twentyfour nails, forty screws, and about twentyfive bolts to be placed in each machine. Some of the screws have to be adjusted very carefully, which requires a precision on the part of those who do this portion of the work. We are quite fortunate in having this employment during the win- ter season, as it is quite a help in a financial way, although we do not consider the remuneration we receive is any more than adequate. Many of the old maple trees that have so long stood guard over the street that passes through our village, have at last yielded to the 'woodman's ax,' because of decay and broken limbs. 20 THE MANIFESTO. We are pleased with the decision of the Central Ministry in regard to the use of the organ in our worship. The more beautiful our praise, the more acceptable in God's sight. Let us use it as not abusing it. Mascoma Lake is solidly frozen and covered with snow: this shows to us that winter has begun in earnest. G. H. Kirkley Alfred, Me. Dec. 1894. My vessel is tilled with love, My heart with affection o'eiflows, With mercy that comes from above Anr\ blessing the Gospel bestows. O Charity, best of all gifts, Never failing in casting out fear. Good friends, in the Spirit, I wish you A cheerful and happy Xew Year. As the New Year dawns upon us, what are our plans and promises? Have we resolved to be more fully consecrated and wholly devoted to the service of God? If so, let us hold steadfast to the good resolve all through the year. If we love God, we shall love our fellow creatures, and charity will abound in our hearts. I feel there is no better way to show our gratitude to God for the many blessings and mercies bestowed upon us in the past year, than by living just such lives as He would have us to live during the year that has just begun. To this end may we all strive. Winter seems to have set in, in good earnest. Our teams for a week past have been hauling cord wood. The abundant apple crop brings extra labor with it, as they have to be handled over several times. Those that would not do to sell or keep, we have made into preserves'. We have 2(30 two-quart jars filled with apple, which will be ready for use another year, should the apple crop be small. To gospel kindred far and near, we give our love and blessing as a New Year's gift. Fannie Casey South Union, Ky. Nov. 29, 1894. Thanksgiving day at South Union. The air is clear and calm, and the sky looks serenely blue. It is one of those mornings long to be remembered. We are in good trim for a holiday. The sheds are filled with well-seasoned stove wood, and the corn is all husked and cribbed, and the vegetables and tubers are safely stored away for winter use. Although the summer and fall had been unusually dry, our wells gave an abundant supply of good, fresh water, and the springs and creeks boiled up and meandered over their gravelly beds with as musical an air as if there had been a fresh shower every other day, so we might well exclaim with the Psalmist of old Palestine, 'Give thanks unto the Lord, for his mercy endureth forever.' In the midst of our reverie, the big bell peals out its silvery tones to summon us to Service. Our worship consisted of singing and prayer, and an address by one of the Brethren which was befitting the occasion. We rendered praise and thanksgiving, bearing in remembrance the devout and valiant hearted Brethren and Sisters who established a Society in this place that we might enjoy the benefits of a Communal home. When the hour of twelve came, there were just iifty of us who sat down to that Thanksgiving dinner. The viands on that table were both rich and savory; the big bronzed turkeys being distributed about, showed most prominently to the eye, but your humble scribe is a lover of other good things which did not materialize, in the line of cranberries and baked beans. James Carr White Water, O. Dec. 1894. We are having rain at present after an exceedingly long drought. We have had some rains lately, but not sufficient to revive the spring. I suppose four-fifths of the wells in our country here are dry. We had a hundred-foot-well, drove, which has about fifteen feet of water in it, which will furnish us all the water we THE MANIFESTO. 21 need, and will be no doubt a never failing supply. H. B. Bear North Family Dec. 1894. I am writing a few Notes for The Manifesto, trusting they will be acceptable. What a beautiful little book it is. We all look forward to its coming with a great deal of pleasure. You can hear on all sides, 'Has The Manifesto come yet?' we are all so eager to receive it. We have had a bountiful crop this year, excepting corn which yielded only a little more than half a crop on account of the drought; still we are not complaining, as God our Father, will amply provide for us all. At the Center family, they have just completed drilling an old well near the cow-barn. After working at it for several days and drilling down over one hundred feet, they at last struck water. They intend to put in a new wind-mill as a much needed necessity, for they were compelled to drive their cows to the creek for water. We send our love to all in our Zion homes. What beautiful words those are. O.ir Zion homes. Not for one, but for all. We wish you a merry Christmas and a hiippy New Year. Charles R. Dixon East Canterbury, N. H Dec. 1894. It is a beautiful thought, a happy realization, that we still live for a good purpose,—that of making ourselves and others better agents in the strife to help make the earth a paradise, hoping and praying and best of all doing, which is the only source of life, whether good or evil. He who does not work, does not act, is dead; yea, worse than dead. He is an incumbrance, forever in the way of others who have an interest in life and would work to secure its blessing. The idler is a drone, subsisting upon the labors of others, continually impeding progress. He is a pest, a poison to society associated for mutual profit and usefulness, and a gossiper, leaving garbage to burden others to take care of. It would give me great pleasure to pre~ sent Notes for the New Year that would be to our friends a thanksgiving feast. Winter has opened with an uncommonly low temperature of weather, with the springs of water exceedingly low, threatening a famine unless blest with rain. The earth lies bare of snow, a condition especially worrisome to the farmer as he plans how to be able to accomplish his duties of the winter with any degree of ease. We hope ever to be remembered and blest with needful supplies sufficient for the comfort of life. To our many friends we tender the compliments of the season, with congratulations for the many blessings vouchsafed temporally and spiritually, abounding in love, peace and happiness. Abraham Perkins. The variety of corn used for ensilage was tie Early Sanford sweet corn. This is not a wrinkled corn, but seems like a cross between a variety of sweet and the common yellow corn. This may or may not be the case. The ears are not large, but remarkably well filled with good sized kernels. It was used as green corn and pronounced very sweet and tender. It proved not only a rank grower, but also a prolific yielder, 437 bushels being harvested from the 5 acres designed for ensilage. The stalks were not so large as those of some southern varieties, but this difference was overcome by their height and the luxuriant growth of leaves well down to the ground. The amount of seed per acre was 16 quarts. Of this piece 2}., acres were old land, having been used for fodder corn for a series of years. The remainder was newly stocked and well covered with a stout growth of clover. The whole piece was manured at the rate of 15 loads per acre and plowed under. The planting was done with an Eclipse Planter in drills S}.i feet apart, the kernels being 3 or 4 inches apart in the drills. At the time of planting commercial fer 21 THE MANIFESTO. tilizer was applied at the rate of 200 lbs. per acre. On the old land the seed was planted too deep and most of it rotted This was replanted two weeks later, this time in hills 2 feet apart and the rows 3 feet. At the time of cutting there was no perceptible difference between the fodder on this part and that on the new land but the yield of matured ears was J^ less. Another experience with this corn may be of interest. Thinking to supply our cows with green fodder in the late summer as the pastures became dry we planted % acre in drills 3 feet apart on land used the previous year for potatoes and at that time dressed with 20 loads of manure. Tliis piece matured very early and from it were gathered 76 bushels of ears of very fine corn. We are using some of this corn as cobmeal for our milch cows and like it very much. The rest of the crop has been sold for seed. We are unable to supply the demand. Arthur Bruce