Correspondence Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Dec. 8, 1894 Beloved Elder Henry:—'And still another!' you will say, so soon after receiving the other package of a few days since. We never know what the Spirit has in store for us. The enclosed is fresh from the mint and knowing your mind upon certain things, I thought, 'this plea for the turkeys will just please Elder Henry, and as it is the time of year when the poor creatures are particularly noticed, he may be only too glad to put it in the Jan. number of The Manifesto, so I will catch the train and send it be- fore it is too late.' 'Shakerism is a new phase of human existence. In the first cycle (just closing,) 'Thou shalt not generate,' was the great command. In the second cycle (just opening,)'Thou shalt not kill,' will be the next great command.' So prophesied our good father, Elder Frederic; he who put in the first THE MANIFESTO. 7 wedge and gave the first blow that opened a new and startling revelation to the pork-eating—beef-lovers of the Shaker Community. All honor to the great prophet! Through his ministrations others have been, and are inspired to utter the same truths and they bring forth the same practical results. In the days to come, I hope it will be as sinful to raise and sell for slaughter as it is now sinful (to some) to slaughter, simply for the purpose of appeasing a depiaved appetite. 'How can we reason but from what we know,' and we know that Believers in general are in the rear guard when they in the face of reason aud common sense, saying nothing of conscience, will, in this age of evolution, dip their hands in blood and deck their tables with dead carcasses. Think you the eagle souls who soar aloft for light in the outer firmament would accept the truths of the first cycle, if they were forced to depart from the truths of the second in order to obtain the first? He that is faithful in that which is least will be faithful in greater things. Our Ministry are at their central home, and we think of keeping them here until the cold season is over. Dear Eldress Harriet we are happy to state is steadily gaining ground from her recent indisposition, and we all mean to be with her on the ascending scale. A joyful Christmas to all our dear friends at Canterbury and Enfield, may old and young be made happy recipients of all the blessings of the church militant below and receive a continuation of divine light and truth from the Church above—in the Spirit world. Elder Henry, we are thankful for your excellent words and mean to hold oui selves in that manner to accept the increasing truth, though it come like a trumpet's blast with no 'uncertain sound.' Your Sister, Anna White Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Dec. 9, 1894 Beloved Elder Henry.—I herewith enclose check for our due on The Manifesto for 1895, and also that of the Canaan family. We have sent a few subscribers but I have not an accurate account of them. [An assessment check was received from Elder John B. Vance the day following. Both payments were received with many thanks. Ed.] The trumpet has been sounding long and loud for sometime, for a forward movement in practical righteousness. When shall we pull up our stakes and move forward in the increasing work of God. Has not the woe (sorrow) come upon us that Jesus predicted would come when all men should speak well of us. The testimony against the flesh, borne so fearlessly by Mother Ann and the founders of our Order, was accepted by no men in Mother's day, and how could they speak well of her, or those who lived the life she taught. Did it not bring persecution and suffering upon them and also prosperity? The world at that time would neither live nor acknowledge the truth of her 8 THE MANIFESTO. testimony. But now, all the better and progressive cla-ses acknowledge, even though they do not live it, the truth of our foundation principles. Every righteous public man or woman, in and out of the so-called Christian churches, bears testimony against the corruptions that sue in the world through lust. Now if we, as followers of Christ in the second appearing, would hold our place in the galaxy of bright stars in the spiritual heavens, and be as guiding lights to a progressing world, we must tJce new steps in advance. Can we rest at ease on the testimony of the founders of our Order, and have the Order grow ? Experience and observation say, Nay! But unless we move forward with increased testimony against the Man of Sin, we shall not be able to hold our own, or maintain the testimony of the past. Shall we not move forward in the increased light of the Sun of Righteousness that is shiuing so gloriously, raise the standard higher, and bring our lives practically in accord therewith, and thus inaugurate a new era of spiritual prosperity. I mailed you a letter yesterday from Eldress Anna it contains the keynote of the coming testimony. If ice do not sound it, we can not suppress it, for it will be sounded long and strong. May The Manifesto be the trumpet to sound fearlessly, the incoming t°stimony that shall be as a two-edged sword, that will cut evil within as well as without. It is proposed that if a company go down to Florida to start a new organization, that flesh meats be entirely excluded. I propose that those who want to go, shall commence now and practice at least five years at home; by that time, I prophesy, that is, if we as a people start now, in that new life we shall reach a spiritual baptism that will instill new life into the waste places, and we be prepared to minister to the needs of a growing people that are coming up; and the hireling problem be solved to our entire satisfaction. In kindest love, Daniel Offord