Shakers, N. Y. North Family. Dec. 1894. Thanksgiving ha's come and gone; that is, the external manifestation of the day, but the time can never pass by when we are not able to render thanksgiving. On Thursday, the 29th of November, we attended a meeting for the special review of the blessings vouchsafed to us the past year. The service was opened by reading the 145th Psalm, and our minds were turned to the contemplation of the thanks- giving that it is our duty to render daily. We have blessed seasons of spiritual com- munion in our weekly Society meetings, for which our hearts respond in gratitude. May we always maintain an interest in these seasons for devotion lor they are the perennial springs from which flow the ministrations that enable the Zion traveler to bear aloft the banner; on this depends his success. The hot air engine for water pumping, has so far proved successful, forcing the water up to the reservoir without any difficulty. Plenty of fresh water is a necessary article in any civilized community, and to be deprived of it, is more than an inconvenience. TERMS. 18 THE MANIFESTO. The cycle of the second year has passed | since our advent here; and like the tread , of marshaled hosts, the years come and j go, carrying with them the record of both j the meritorious deeds and those that are | not so worthy. One fact we have discovered—that we carry our individuality with us; there is no escape; and when we arrive at that condition where we stand on Mt. Zion with the perfect overcomers, it must be through the same process, whether our home is in the tropics or in the ice-bound regions of the frigid zone. By the time these Notes appear, the advent of the New Year will have been sounded. May it be one filled with joy to our blessed Gospel relation; may the special blessing of our heavenly Father and Mother rest upon those who are the standard-bearers of the higher life and though they walk in tribulation yet will not lower the standard but proclaim the testimony of Everlasting Life, that all who run, may read. Hamilton DeGraw