Books and Papers THE PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL AND SCIENCE of Health THE PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL AND SCIENCE of Health for December contain.-, a variety of excellent features. The frontispiece allows thirty-six intelligent faces, comprising the graduating eUus of the Phrenological Institute for 1894. Character studies of Archbishop Corrigan and Dr. O. W. Holmes, by Dr. Edgar C. Beall, with fine portraits will attract attention among Catholics and admirers of the deceased poet. Prof. Sizer continues his interesting series, How to Study Strangers; and Mrs. Wells reviews the life of a phrenological philanthropist. The bx-illiant lecture by Prof. J. S. Van Cleve upon musicians and poets is concluded with fascinating sketches of Whittier, Cowper, Byron, Burns, Holmes and James Whitconib Kiley. Much instructive and etertaining matter will also be found in the reports of the closing addresses of the Institute faculty. The department of Child Culture and Hygiene are exceptionally good, and the editor devotes several pages to Clairvoyance and four 'graduates' of the Elmira Reformatory. Price, 15 cents, $1. 50 a year. Address The Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 27 East 21st St., New York. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. December. Contents. Foundation Principles; Vegetarianism; Anti-Vaccination; Pasteur and Hydrophobia; Editorial; The Pride of the Companj¦¦; The Temperature of the Body; Health Schools; etc., etc, Dr 1. V. Clifford and Co. Kokomo, Ind. The Theatre The Theatre,—is a harmless little pamphlet of some eighty-live pages. We do not wish you to go into the theatre, but rather to go through this book in careful consideration, and possibly you may gain some new points of information. It is published by H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. The writer of this little work is evidently fully persuaded in the mission he has taken upon himself and enters it with a zeal that is highly commendable. Believing that the theatre is prejudicial to the life interests of the Christian and exerts a baneful influence over the minds of all classes, lie not only comes forward with a personal protest, but brings with him a formidable array of witnesses who through actual experience or from observation believe that the play houses and theatres are no less than 'the gates of hell.' The author next enters the churches and handles the Christians without gloves. This gate way to heaven has its church 'guild' and pool tables, and billiard tables, and fancy dress balls with theatricals and bacchanalian songs, all brought in to obtain a little money with which to convict the poor heathen. Send for 'The Theatre' and ascertain the position you occupy for the good of humanity.