MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL By Anna B. Goepper HAVING been solicited to contribute something toward our monthly messenger we accept the present opportunity. Welcome glad Christinas! Though the years are passing all too swiftly, we forget our sighing to greet thee once more, and wish all a very merry Christmas. We should all improve the spring-time of youth, while all nature.is alive within us, before the chilling frosts of remorseless time have sprinkled our brows with silver, and before old Father Time has mown low the flowers that grow along our pathway. We really feel anxious to say something encouraging and cheerful. Shadows often darken our pathway at noon when the sun should be shining but remember the clouds that overshadow will soon change to the bright silver lining. Some of our friends may prove false, but life is too brief to waste it in grieving and repining. Let us look upward and onward when adversity threatens and friends turn away, neglectful of their duty to God and their 6 THE MANIFESTO. fellow-man. Look upward; there is still a work for each of us to do. Sometimes in an hour when our hope in her castle lies crushed, our faith should then make us to see the cloud's silver lining. Rough and uneven our life's journey may seem, and the goal though ever distant, yet it is never all lost, and sometime we shall know why the clouds concealed their bright lining. Then again some love to go about to gossip here and gossip there, manufacturing evil and untruthful reports. A pure-minded person is very often open to misconstruction by one of meaner thoughts and motives, and to my style of thinking a proper way of dealing with such an one is, when you find yourself in contact with him, and your actions open to his hurtful innuendoes, to get as speedily as possible from his vicinity, and dismiss all thought of him with the trenchant little phrase, 'Shamed be he that evil thinks.' But upon the whole we are a peaceable and progressive family and we have devoted, genuiue, gospel, loving Brethren and Sisters whom we would be truly sorry to part with, and trust they may be spared to us many years. During the Ministry's eight week's visit to the East, Elder Oliver presided over our family; and what a beautiful ministration and heavenly influence he carried about with him! He fulfilled the scripture which says ;—'Do unto others as you would have others do unto you.' We regretted the time came so soon to part with him, yet welcomed our absent friends back again gladly. 'Bless parents, brothers, sisters dear, Bless all I love both far and near; Bless all thy children great and small, I pray thee, Father of us all.' Union Village, 0.