THE WHITE PANSY By Albert C. Hopkins 'In the name of our God, we will set up our banner.' This is the promise of the Psalmist and the promise of Christendom. How are we keeping it? What is 'our banner?' What is it literally, and what does it represent? It is now generally understood to be the banner of the cross, and to represent the salvation of humanity through Christianity. It must be acknowledged, however, that now, and for several hundred years, the cross represents and has represented, to a considerable part of the human family, aggression, persecution and war. Even to a large part of the Christian world, it represents, by reason of its association, the intolerance of the Inquisition. This being true and it being further true that in its original significance it represents punishment and ignominious death, it is therefore open to grave doubt that it is the best banner under which to advance the universal fellowship of the human family and unity the world. Obviously, the banner under which to rally all true Christians and all true followers of every faith, is one that will fully and conspicuously represent the character of the true Messiah, the gentleness and love that are his predominant characteristics, and that shall be relieved of any associations that will, in any degreee, mar that full signiiicance. Manifestly, the cross can not now do this. Even more manifestly, the white pansy can and will. The pansy or heart1 sease, is the one full and true floral representation of thought, which is the meaning of its common name. It is the gentlest and most loving of flowers, and represents the largest and truest fellowship of any flower of the world, uniting in itself, by its loving fellowship and adaptation, all the characteristics and colors of all flowers. While it is, therefore, as its name in- directly implies, the all-flower, it is well known that white, the color of pure light, is the all-color, and thus the white pansy is the most conspicuously fit symbol of pure, loving and peaceful thoughts, of perfect beauty and complete union, in the world. The floral world is, by common consent, the truest expression of the beauty, gentleness and love of God, and the white pansy is, plainly, the true leader of the floral world, in that it most truly and largely represents these ideals. Put this white, blue-eyed pansy in the centre of a fair blue field that represents a peaceful sky, and you have the true banner of the true Messiah of the earth, the brightest and most helpful emblem of the love, the gentle thought and life that still, forever, save the world. This gives us the flower as the emblem, with the motto: Passionate Purity, Full Fellowship and Perfect Peace, and in a blue field, the full banner of the All-loving unity of human life. Canton, South Dakota.