East Canterbury, N. H Dec. 1894. It is a beautiful thought, a happy realization, that we still live for a good purpose,—that of making ourselves and others better agents in the strife to help make the earth a paradise, hoping and praying and best of all doing, which is the only source of life, whether good or evil. He who does not work, does not act, is dead; yea, worse than dead. He is an incumbrance, forever in the way of others who have an interest in life and would work to secure its blessing. The idler is a drone, subsisting upon the labors of others, continually impeding progress. He is a pest, a poison to society associated for mutual profit and usefulness, and a gossiper, leaving garbage to burden others to take care of. It would give me great pleasure to pre~ sent Notes for the New Year that would be to our friends a thanksgiving feast. Winter has opened with an uncommonly low temperature of weather, with the springs of water exceedingly low, threatening a famine unless blest with rain. The earth lies bare of snow, a condition especially worrisome to the farmer as he plans how to be able to accomplish his duties of the winter with any degree of ease. We hope ever to be remembered and blest with needful supplies sufficient for the comfort of life. To our many friends we tender the compliments of the season, with congratulations for the many blessings vouchsafed temporally and spiritually, abounding in love, peace and happiness. Abraham Perkins. The variety of corn used for ensilage was tie Early Sanford sweet corn. This is not a wrinkled corn, but seems like a cross between a variety of sweet and the common yellow corn. This may or may not be the case. The ears are not large, but remarkably well filled with good sized kernels. It was used as green corn and pronounced very sweet and tender. It proved not only a rank grower, but also a prolific yielder, 437 bushels being harvested from the 5 acres designed for ensilage. The stalks were not so large as those of some southern varieties, but this difference was overcome by their height and the luxuriant growth of leaves well down to the ground. The amount of seed per acre was 16 quarts. Of this piece 2}., acres were old land, having been used for fodder corn for a series of years. The remainder was newly stocked and well covered with a stout growth of clover. The whole piece was manured at the rate of 15 loads per acre and plowed under. The planting was done with an Eclipse Planter in drills S}.i feet apart, the kernels being 3 or 4 inches apart in the drills. At the time of planting commercial fer 21 THE MANIFESTO. tilizer was applied at the rate of 200 lbs. per acre. On the old land the seed was planted too deep and most of it rotted This was replanted two weeks later, this time in hills 2 feet apart and the rows 3 feet. At the time of cutting there was no perceptible difference between the fodder on this part and that on the new land but the yield of matured ears was J^ less. Another experience with this corn may be of interest. Thinking to supply our cows with green fodder in the late summer as the pastures became dry we planted % acre in drills 3 feet apart on land used the previous year for potatoes and at that time dressed with 20 loads of manure. Tliis piece matured very early and from it were gathered 76 bushels of ears of very fine corn. We are using some of this corn as cobmeal for our milch cows and like it very much. The rest of the crop has been sold for seed. We are unable to supply the demand. Arthur Bruce