SINCERITY By Belle Rullhausen 'Be sincere, though your sincerity should cost you your life.'-----Asiatic Proverb. Among the numerous wise sayings, that have come to us from the Orient, there can not be many that contain more good advice in so few words than the foregoing. When we analyze the word sincerity with reference to its spiritual meaning, we find it to be a combination of truth and uprightness the two foundation principles of a Christian life; it would be as consistent to erect a house upon sand as to try to build up a Christ-like character without these essential qualities. When we review the lives of some of the ancient teachers and philosophers, we are forced to exclaim, how deep was that sincerity which held them to their convictions of right, even in the face of death. It is recorded of Mohammed that sincerity was one of his marked characteristics, and nothing could induce him to abandon an exalted principle which he had once embraced. As an illustration of his devotedness to a principle or to a God-directed mission, let us recall his words to those who endeavored to dissuade him from promulgating his faith among the people; he said; 'It is a faith approved by God, and he has appointed me to be its apostle; if the world should put the sun in my right hand and the moon in my left, and give me the whole earth, I could not disobey the commands of God;' neither could he be led aside from his convictions, but in sincerity of soul he rose above physical and adverse circumstances and accepted death as preferable to disobedience. While we realize that sincerity is an important and beautiful quality, yet we know that it is as often found among the ignorant as well as the spiritually enlightened, and unless it is coupled with the wisdom and light of God, it often impedes progressive thought and development. Many through great sincerity, blindly fellow after and cling tenaciously to false doctrines, in preference to thnt which is purer and better and in every respect more desirable. We are told in the Scriptures that in doctrine we should show 'uncorruptness, gravity and sincerity;' hence we clearly see, that it is well to seek the wisdom that discerns the false from the true, that we may never uphold a cause that is not worthy of the purest and most sincere devotions of our souls. As individuals awake into a deeper love for the Divine, their lives will become more sincere, deceit and hypocrisy will find no place, and their constant motto will be, 'Be sincere though your sincerity should cost you your life.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.