Enfield, N. H. Jan. 1895. In the Home Notes of a recent number, reference was made to a new order of meeting for the young people. Hoping to interest the readers of our paper, I send a condensed account of the last one for the year 1894, conducted by Br. George Kirkley. For each meeting, a different theme is 44 THE MANIFESTO. chosen upon which to elucidate. The forementioned one bring,Rest. The meeting opened with reading of the 4th Chap, of Heb., followed with singing the anthem, 'Bow down Thine Ear'' from the Choral Tributeand after rendering a short prayer, the following remarks were made by our Brother. 'We have the assurance of perfect rest and peace of mind, not by merely professing to be followers of our Savior, but by fulfilling the duties of a Christian with a willing heart. We can not suspend the struggle for victory over sin and find this perfect rest, for when we cease to resist evil, we become an easy prey to the power of darkness. The Christian's rest is not mere cessation from labor, but a tranquility of spirit that is ever present with those who have a confidence in the promises of God. In these the Christian finds a rock of safety in seasons of trial and temptation. A person endowed with the gift of riches, having no object in life but to please himself, can not find this rest, because every wish is gratified by paid attendants; consequently a state of lassitude ensues which is overcome only by rest in action. So with the Christian; unless we have an ambition to become better day by day, we lack the rest of spirit that comes only by the activity of the purest attributes of our nature.' Following these remarks, was singing, interspersed with the reading of the following texts, with explanation by the Brother. Psalms, lv., 6. Here we have the cry of David when sorely oppressed by his enemies; and this has been the cry of many an earnest seeker after righteousness, since his day. We may not have to contend with personal enemies, but the enemies of good in our own hearts often cause us to sigh for that divine rest which becomes the Christian's hope. Matt, xi., 28-30. Here we have the assurance, that the way of life is easy, when we walk in it aright. Much of the burden of life comes from our own transgressions. 'My yoke is easy;' but it requires Christian fortitude to keep it thus under all conditions of life. Faithfulness to God and our associates makes our way easy, while that of 'the transgressor is hard.' Psalms, xxxvii., 7. This lesson teaches us to bear with patience the ill-treatment of our enemies. 'Fret not thyself because of evil-doers.' Wait patiently for the reward of well-doing. John, xiv., 1. 'Let not your heart be troubled.' Here we are commanded to keep our souls at rest in Christ, remembering that he that endures to the end, shall be saved. Isaiah, xiv., 3. Bondage comes from trying to serve two masters. When we give ourselves wholly up to the Christ life, freedom of spirit is ours, and we enter into divine rest only as we are devoted to the precepts of the gospel. Isaiah, xxxii., 17-18. We can well say these texts are exemplified in our home. Our dwelling-place is sure and the soul finds rest from the sorrowing and strife of a worldly life. The recorded exercises, combined with appropriate remarks from different speakers upon the chosen theme, occupied the allotted time designed for Sunday evening service. We rejoice to state that these meetings are appreciated by all, and we rest in the hope that our lives are being enriched by the knowledge herein obtained. George H. Baxter.