CHRISTIAN FAITH. By Elizaette Sutton. THE views and practice of our people seem so consistent to me with the life of Christ, that I feel to write an article on 'Christian Faith,' which has wrought a continuous work in me for over half a century. Now, in my advanced age, the living panorama moves before me as a clear mirror, showing the successive steps taken, fitting me for a true membership in the kingdom so faithfully won by our Savior. He was a celibate of the highest type; renowned, praised and worshipped for nearly nineteen hundred years as a Redeemer of mankind. His fame THE MANIFESTO. 29 and labor began with the lowly of earth's inhabitants. He gathered a class of poor fishermen around him, and led them in the paths of peace, lie taught them to beat their swords into ploughshares and their spears into pruning-hooks and to live in a brotherhood association, acting upon the principle of communism. He taught them to lay a broad and everlasting foundation for Christian faith where love is enthroned, dominating over animosity and war. Following this rule, that 'whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.' This puts an end to strife and establishes harmony on earth. How does faith and doctrine impress mankind to-day ? The prophecy was of the little stone cut out of the mountain. It should grow and fill the whole earth; Can this be understood as a legal statement? Jesus said, emphatically, if you would be my disciples, you must take up the cross and follow me. The Christian's hope is not languishing. Pentecostal fires are still burning and signs are given, that the nations are flowing together, under one banner singing God's praises. 'Bring your tithes into the store-house and prove me herewith, saith the Lord; I will pour out a blessing that there shall not be room enough to receive it.' Faith that blossoms, will bear its legitimate fruit unto eternal life. The call to a Christian life is constant duty, so pure, so high, so noble, so grand, we may say, thatxsome people feel that they can not attain to it. The pleasure of duty is to be learned, to have it a success. We see, we desire, we act upon it and half the battle is fought. Faith is like a diamond cut by love and purifies the heart. The cost of this substance, is the whole of self. Without faith, it is impossible to please God. Nothing but the cross of Christ, will bring us into his life and character. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.