SUNSHINE AND SHADOW. By Sadie Webber. NATURE manifests to us in all her works that a combination of these elements is essential to perfectly developed fruit. We all have had the misfortune to behold gardens upon which the sun has poured forth its glory, from day to day, without the least intermission of shade; but do they compare in beauty with those which have withstood both sunshine and rain? What if the foliage does droop beneath the weight of moisture, a renewal of sunshine is able to revive it again, which proves that the shadowy element, to a certain extent, is not destructive. Now if sunshine and shadow thus favorably effect nature in more material works are they not just as essential to the perfect formation of a Christian character? Can we reasonably expect to be developed by a single force? The sunshine Christian can not bear burdens and disappointments or baffle elements foreign to his disposition, for like the flower which has received only the sunshine, he is deficient in the strength of character which is derived from trial and testing of the spiritual ability. But we would not infer that the sunlight is not essential, for we know the sullenness of dispositions which never have been touched by it; life seems to them a burden; their tale is always of woe and their very breath heaves the sigh of discontent; the shadows which were only blessings in disguise, have been brooded over uutil they have created a morbid condition in the soul, when if accepted in the spirit of 'Thy will, O Lord, not mine be done,' they would soften the rough outlines and the peace of God would bring a recompense for the burden borne. For beauty we would prefer a picture delicately tinted by lights and shades, so the soul is most beautiful that endures both in sunshine and shadow, until molded from its own, into the image of God. If we find circumstances which cause us to feel gloomy, let us remember this quotation. 'Disappointment, is a little black seed, which when planted in the soil of a resigned heart, and warmed with the sunshine of hope will blossom into a sweet-scented rose of delight and beauty.' Enfield, N. H.