NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. December. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1893. 29. % in. 15% in. 1894. 25.6 % ' 1934 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 48 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 8 below' Number of rainy days ' ' 1 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 5 ' ' clear ' ' ' 13 ' ' cloudy '' ' ' 12 C. 6. Beed. Jan. 1895. At our last writing of Home Notes we were in the midst of our first heavy fal) of snow, and long seemed what are called the 'dead months' before us; and now when these Notes appear, we shall be greeting according to old-timed ideas, the first of the 'living months' when slumbering vegetation begins to stretch and yawn underground, preparatory to awaking to duty. Our Christmas this year as in other years past, was made particularly pleasant, by the efforts of our young people to give us pleasant surprises. When the family assembled for breakfast, we found a pretty group of whiterobed young Sisters and girls and little boys wearing 'Merry Xmas' badges standing statue-like around an organ over which was a beautiful arch of evergreen, white paper chains and glistening with tinsel balls and bells. After prayers they sang an original Christinas hymn, the six boys keeping time on the chorus, with little bells. At the close of the meal, another hymn was sung, and the chorus of this was timed by a chime of bells, by the young Sisters. On the last verse they marched off to the farther part of the house that the sound might end in a cadence. Our Christmas forenoon service, was as usual beautifully appropriate to the day, proving to us that even centuries can not erase the lesson taught by the Prince of Peace. At the hour for our evening meal, the organ again called us to the dining room, where we were treated to vocal and instrumental music, recitations, etc. by the young people. Meanwhile physical needs were not forgotten; for between the acts, dainty and simple refreshments were served, and we pleasantly passed two and a half hours. It is right to have the young imbued with the idea that it is their duty and pleasure at Christmas to contribute to other's happiness, instead of feeling that they must be the recipients of some costly present, at the sacrifice of hard-earned means, needed for their necessities. Emerson said 'That is no real gift, which is not produced by the giver.' Thus skillful fingers can often create a gift precious both as a token of love, and an object of use. It is also pleasant that the efforts of the young find appreciative responses, in the hearts of the older members of our family, who love and bless every endeavor to TERMS. 40 THE MANIFESTO. make home happy. Reciprocity intensifies the pleasure of doing good. We were blest with the presence of our loved Ministry, and their words of love and encouragement, greatly enhanced the pleasures of the day. Amelia J. Culver. South Family. Jan. 1894. 'Christmas 1894' will long be remembered by our home circle. The tide of holiday feeling which prevails throughout on that memorable occasion was felt long before its real advent. Finally the longed for day had come. All the stockings had been filled, good measure, pressed down and shaken together, and we had a foretaste of the good things to come. Our forenoon meeting was one of those rare occasions of complete union of feeling, which makes you feel as if sitting in heavenly places. The opening testimony was 'Forgive and Forget' and proved to be like the touch on the button of an electric battery; all seemingly made it a thought whereby to profit the coming year. Articles appropriate for the occasion were road inspiring us to more 'Faith' in the 'Saving Power of Christ.' A quartette sang a new piece, 'Peace and Praise' adding to the good already prevailing. We retired from our Father's table filled with thankfulness and joy, refreshed, renewed and quickened to good works. More was to come. Of course we suspected it all the time, for a week ago I overheard two boys 'telling their piece.' Then the young people went to the locust grove, in spite of the crispy cold, in search of evergreens, ferns and moss, and Christmas eve: such a hammering, running and thumping could be heard in the meeting-room, almost till midnight, that any person with average common sense could draw up a conclusion as to what was going on. And it did go onit was a great success and lasted fully three hours before we saw the end. But let me tell you of the beginning. At five o'clock the family gathered into our meeting-room which was tastily decorated. The arrangement was evidently made for a double purpose. We were conducted to chairs at the south end some of which may have endured the burdens and friction of nearly a century, while others were the latest products of upholstery, massive in their cushioned elegance, desirable Christmas presents for the veterans of the family. A group of young Sisters, robed in spotless white, opened the entertainment by the ensuing colloquy, which was rendered with ease and grace and was a most creditable expression of the pure and practical views of young women reared and influenced by gospel principles. Friendship, Love, Charity, Humility and Sunbeam were the speakers. From the many items read, spoken, sung and played only very few can be mentioned. 'The Bridge' by Longfellow was sung to organ accompaniment by a treble singer with elegance and precision. The reading of several humorous articles, alternated by recitations, closed the first part of the programme. At the usual hour for supper we were transferred from the intellectual to the physical department. A placard with 'Free Lunch' in bold lettering pointed to a group of tables laden with a repast worthy of the most sanguine vegetarian. All tropical fruits seemed to have appointed this their place of rendezvous and were cordially welcomed. After this, not unpleasant interruption, we resumed our programme. Little 'Sunbeam' a child of seven years disguised as an angel, asked sympathetically 'Little lamb who made thee?' An imitation of all musical instruments including the bagpipe, on the organ entitled, 'Wandering Minstrels' excited considerable hilarity by its 'telling' and skillful rendering. Among the pieces read was one I can not help mentioning for its importance. 'How to cure gossip' tells of an unfailing cure of this wide-spread plague. We are willing to send it free of THE MANIFESTO. 41 charge to all afflicted (please enclose stamped envelope.) It is not 'Beecham's pills.' Two songs, 'Good Night' and 'We'll never say good-by,' intimated that all things, even Christmas entertainments must come to an end. After a few remarks of satisfaction and the wish expressed by many for a repetition of such gathei'ings we retired with thankful hearts to the Giver of all good things. Nor did we wait a long time before the above wish was fulfilled. The Old Year had to be marched out and the New Year welcomed. For this purpose we assembled the first evening of the New Year. After some instrumental music two representatives of the Old Year exchanged with two representatives of its successor their different views concerning the past and present, hoping the best for the time to come. After this two groups were formed which in calisthenic marching keeping time to song and music marched out the Old and marched in the New Year. A quartette sang 'Fear not' (Canterbury leaflet) and a selection from the 'Overland Monthly' entitled 'Good Night' was repeated in unison. This was a fair imitation of the New Year, which for all of us will, as we resolved, be a time for true intellectual and spiritual culture. Ernest Pick. Shakers, N. Y. Second Family. Jan. 1895. We are experiencing snug winter weather, with the thermometer around the zero point: 14 below was the coldest. We are busy securing our supply of wood for next winter. Sleighing has been poor. We felt a slight shock of earthquake Dec. 17th between the hours of 3 and 4 a. m. The writer and several others were awakened from slumber by the rattling of doors and windows, and could not imagine what was the cause. It was felt, we learn, in different parts of the state, although our neighboring city Albany doubted the report. Christmas, the Society met for worship at our family, and we enjoyed a spiritual feast. In the evening all the young people were invited by the Church family to share with them a social entertainment prepared for the occasion. It consisted of singing and speaking, with refreshments at the close. Many that were older turned the dial of time back to youth, and graced the occasion with their presence. All were well pleased and each performed the part allotted, well. New Year's eve, we returned the compliment and invited all to come and enjoy a similar entertainment, which our young Sisters and children had planned. We had singing and speaking. All had learned their pieces, and spoke them well without any hesitation, very much to their credit. We enjoyed the entertainment; and the last act was not t'se least, refreshments, not winebut pure lemon-juice from Florida, with cake. We also had a surprise to find numbered in our midst Beloved Elder Joseph Holden. So in blessing we were blest. Isaac Anxtatt. North Family. Jan. 1895. The festive seasons of Christmas and New Years are past and we are introduced to the varied panorama of the new year. Christmas was observed by a Society meeting at the Second family at 10 o'clock a. in. Many good and earnest thoughts were expressed and resolutions to obey more faithfully the inner light that is calling higher, and we felt the presence of that cloud of witnesses which attend the Pentecostal season. It was an hour of holy communion. In the evening a social entertainment was given at the Church family in which the Society was well represented. This included dialogues, poems, and original essays in which the youth and children took part with great credit. 42 THE MANIFESTO. The following is the programme; Opening Address. 'The Purest Pearl.' 'Playing at School.' 'Guilty or not Guilty.' 'The Three Wishes,' or 'Visit to Fairyland.' 'Why do you Fear?' 'The Happy Child.' 'An Address to the Young.' 'Voice of Silence.' 'How Lulu knocked at the gate of Heaven.' 'The Seasons.' 'Little Froggie.' 'The Weed.' 'Saint Nicholas.' RECITATIONS. 'The Frost.' 'The Sun.' 'Childhood Hours.' 'The Peasant's Christmas.' 'The Music Stool.' SONGS. 'The Christmas Greeting.' 'Our hearts beat gladly.' On the evening of New Year's day we had a social reception at the Second family where poems and original essays were read and spoken and the time passed pleasantly by. We were favored with the company of our Beloved Elder Joseph Holden who at the close gave a very instructive address, followed by remarks from different Elders bearing upon our duty the coming year. The counsel fell upon good soil and time will show that it has borne fruit. Our fine, mild winter was rudely broken on the 27th ult. when we had almost a foot of snow with heavy winds. On the morning of the 28th the mercury registered 8 deg. below zero. Hamilton DeGraiv. West Pittsfield, Mass. Jan. 1895. Like a tale that is told the book of the Old Year is written. Each of its three hundred and sixty-five pages bears its message, and now 'Finis,' is signed, the book closed, and sealed with prayer, is sent speeding on its way to eternity, joining others, each numbered volume bearing the history of our lives. As we open the new book entrusted to our keeping, bound so closely that we can see but one page at a time, let us entitle ; 'Noble Endeavor,' and, dedicating it to God and friends around us, write the pages with devotion and care. As a New Year's present, the brown, bare earth around us, was given a garment of glistening snow. To be sure, it has grown rather dingy in appearance, and many thin places are visible, but we think soon another will be provided. With a view to improving each opportunity, sleighing parties were organized, and three double loads, on as many days, went to enjoy a ride over the snow. Each trip was pronounced a complete success, and enjoyed to the utmost, especially by the children. To-day the men have commenced filling our new Cold Storage with ice, which I hear is about 12 in. thick. On the 3rd inst. the State board of highway commissioners arrived at our place. The object of their visit being to inspect the road leading from Hancock to Lebanon, preparatory to building a continuation of the State road now commenced in West Pittsfield. Elder Joseph, of the Central Ministry, and several Brethren from Mt. Lebanon, were also here. They drove over a route leading across meadows, and through woods, finally coming into the highway, thereby securing a grade more even and less dangerous, than the regular road over the mountain. Though no decision was made, it is quite certain that a better road will be the result. Fidelia Estabrook. Shaker Station, Ct. Jan. 1895. How comforting is the thought that salvation is free to all who work for it. 'Work out your own salvation.' It requires the crucifixion of all sinful elements to be a true cross-bearer. Cross-bearing insures eternal life. First the cross, then the crown. 'If any man will come after me let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me,' said Jesus. The injunction is plain, and how pleasing it THE MANIFES TO. 43 should be when we know that self-denial will yield happiness and heaven. Denying self is a Christian duty. How sweet are the hours we spend in God's service. We can not do too much for the cause of truth and virtue, though we toil incessantly. One virtuous person may turn many others heavenward. There is no safety in sin. As we go through each day, let us think of coming days, and make provision foi their trials, crosses and duties, by doing our very best work at character building. 'Dimensions of Westminster clock, London. Diameter of dials, 22 ft. The minute hand is 16 ft. long, the hour hand 9 ft. and both weigh 200 pounds. Length of pendulum 15 ft; weight 680 lbs.' 'Diameter of the dial of the clock in the new city hall, Philadelphia, 27 ft. 'The largest hanging bell in the world is in China. It is 18 ft. high and 45 ft. in circumference and is of solid bronze.' Daniel Orautt. South Family. Jan. 1895. Once more we are on the verge of a new year with its hopes, and aspirations. The one that has so quickly passed has been crowned with blessing, peace, and plenty, and we would render thanks for the mercies bestowed upon us by the bountiful Giver of all good. Christmas was made a joyful occasion. A general invitation was extended by the Church Elders to all of the Society, to spend the day with them, which was accepted. A very impressive Service was held. It was truly commemorative of the life Christ taught and lived, while on earth. May it prove a profitable season to those present. At 12 o'clock we were invited to a sumptuous repast of which we partook with thankful hearts, not unmindful of those whose lives were full of want and poverty. At 2 p. m. we all convened in the dining hall to listen to music, and to the speaking of pieces taken from Scripture, also reading from the older class, for all took some part, which made the occasion very interesting and useful. At the close of the entertainment presents were distributed from a heavily laden Christmas tree which stood waiting to furnish many valuable and useful gifts; all were remembered. A lunch was served and at 5 o'clock we returned to our homes made happier and wiser for the Christmas of 1894, and also with many thanks to those who contributed to our comfort and pleasure. Sleighing is very good, with the prospect of more snow. On the 3rd inst. a party of ten went on a sleigh-ride, and returned reporting a very pleasant time at Broad Brook, Ellington and Rockville. Chopping in the woods gives employment at present to the farmers, also the preparing of corn fodder by machinery. Our stock are thriving well by their good care, as the abundant supply of cream from twenty cows proves the value of sparing no pains for their comfort, and keeping everything in order; 3,500 spaces of cream in October; 3,465 in December; so it goes care, care! The ice harvest commences on the 7th inst. under favorable circumstances, as we have snow for sledding. Improved machinery aids in getting ice; we put up about 209 tons as easily as we formerly put up 50 tons. At present, ice is a necessity for the dairy and the refrigerator; but we believe electricity will make us independent of ice in a few years; it is in the air, that creamers and coolingrooms, will be refrigerated by machinery. Maria Witham. Enfield, N. H. Jan. 1895. In the Home Notes of a recent number, reference was made to a new order of meeting for the young people. Hoping to interest the readers of our paper, I send a condensed account of the last one for the year 1894, conducted by Br. George Kirkley. For each meeting, a different theme is 44 THE MANIFESTO. chosen upon which to elucidate. The forementioned one bring,Rest. The meeting opened with reading of the 4th Chap, of Heb., followed with singing the anthem, 'Bow down Thine Ear'' from the Choral Tributeand after rendering a short prayer, the following remarks were made by our Brother. 'We have the assurance of perfect rest and peace of mind, not by merely professing to be followers of our Savior, but by fulfilling the duties of a Christian with a willing heart. We can not suspend the struggle for victory over sin and find this perfect rest, for when we cease to resist evil, we become an easy prey to the power of darkness. The Christian's rest is not mere cessation from labor, but a tranquility of spirit that is ever present with those who have a confidence in the promises of God. In these the Christian finds a rock of safety in seasons of trial and temptation. A person endowed with the gift of riches, having no object in life but to please himself, can not find this rest, because every wish is gratified by paid attendants; consequently a state of lassitude ensues which is overcome only by rest in action. So with the Christian; unless we have an ambition to become better day by day, we lack the rest of spirit that comes only by the activity of the purest attributes of our nature.' Following these remarks, was singing, interspersed with the reading of the following texts, with explanation by the Brother. Psalms, lv., 6. Here we have the cry of David when sorely oppressed by his enemies; and this has been the cry of many an earnest seeker after righteousness, since his day. We may not have to contend with personal enemies, but the enemies of good in our own hearts often cause us to sigh for that divine rest which becomes the Christian's hope. Matt, xi., 28-30. Here we have the assurance, that the way of life is easy, when we walk in it aright. Much of the burden of life comes from our own transgressions. 'My yoke is easy;' but it requires Christian fortitude to keep it thus under all conditions of life. Faithfulness to God and our associates makes our way easy, while that of 'the transgressor is hard.' Psalms, xxxvii., 7. This lesson teaches us to bear with patience the ill-treatment of our enemies. 'Fret not thyself because of evil-doers.' Wait patiently for the reward of well-doing. John, xiv., 1. 'Let not your heart be troubled.' Here we are commanded to keep our souls at rest in Christ, remembering that he that endures to the end, shall be saved. Isaiah, xiv., 3. Bondage comes from trying to serve two masters. When we give ourselves wholly up to the Christ life, freedom of spirit is ours, and we enter into divine rest only as we are devoted to the precepts of the gospel. Isaiah, xxxii., 17-18. We can well say these texts are exemplified in our home. Our dwelling-place is sure and the soul finds rest from the sorrowing and strife of a worldly life. The recorded exercises, combined with appropriate remarks from different speakers upon the chosen theme, occupied the allotted time designed for Sunday evening service. We rejoice to state that these meetings are appreciated by all, and we rest in the hope that our lives are being enriched by the knowledge herein obtained. George H. Baxter. Harvard, Mass. Jan. 1895. We now begin a new page in the great book of years. May our effort be to write on its unsullied pages naught but goodness, blessing and prosperity. On the 22nd ult. we occupied our new barn. It is well built, and as near like the one we had last, as possible, making a nice appearing structure. Our foreman on the farm, who has been with us twenty years, gave a weather vane with the design of a cow, which looks fine standing on the top of the cupola. THE MANIFESTO. 45 Christmas has come and gone, leaving, we hope nothing in its wake but joy. We had the usual memorial meeting in the forenoon, welcoming the Christ spirit and seeking to receive it into our hearts. The Sisters faithfully performed their part in making the day happy, feasting us with oyster soup, plum-pudding, cake, pie and as many more good things as health would admit. In the afternoon we were interested by our young people with singing, dialogues and selections appropiate to the occasion, Near the center of the room was a beautiful tree laden with fruits of all shapes and shades which Santa Claus proceeded to unload and distribute among the audience. Every one left the room happier for having been there. The first day of the year the farmers commenced fitting our new ice-house. They cut 2,200 blocks of the beautiful productions of the frost king, from 10 to 14 inches in thickness; 792 blocks were stored at the North and South. The attention of the laborers is now turned to providing wood for next year. As the year has commenced, so may it end, in happiness. Marcia M. Bullard. Union Village, O. Jan. 1895. Highly Esteemed Elder Henry;I was greatly rejoiced at your New Year's appearance. I was fearful some Florida fever had attacked the good people of East Canterbury; it would be all right if it had, but I beg you, 'don't abandon the publication of The Manifesto,nay not for one month if possible to avoid it. It is one of the strongest if not the strongest guarantee of our solidity. It is a perfect bulwark of strength at that point. It not only makes us much better acquainted, but cements our union and interest in each other. The value of The Manifesto in these particulars for the last twenty years can not be told. It opens the way for the ventilation of many excellent inspirations and sentiments which, in all probability would have remained latent with many good Brethren and Sisters of our fraternity only for the invaluable instrumentality of our Manifesto. Moreover it has developed the faculty of many to expx-ess themselves correctly anl even elegantly in composition which the skillful pens of many ready writers witness to every month. It also gives expression to many domestic felicities and home enjoyments so reciprocally identified that we feel as though we were one family and distance almost annihilated. The most important item of regret we have to chronicle since November set in, is the departure of our good and valuable Bro. Ezra T. Leggett. One of his many admirable qualities of character was his constant unswerving loyalty to the cause of the Gospel. Being extremely well-read and acute in the law, he was said to have saved our Society not less than 30,000 during his useful and honorable life of thirty-six years at Union Village. He never manifested rebellion or resistance to the gift of the Ministry, Elders or Deacons under any circumstances. He only wanted to know what was desired of him and he cheerf ullj complied. He never sought promotion of any kind, yet was in both Eldership and Trusteeship for some years and discharged his duties therein with fidelity. In his last Office of Postmaster, he was faithful and exemplary, so that the Postmaster General or his Deputy, took the pains to compliment him in a letter, wherein he stated, that the Post Office returns by Br. Ezra for the year ending 1893 were the most correctly and systematically reported, of any that had reached him. Is not the memory of such like 'ointment and balm?' Our winter so far has furnished but one or two zero days, but we have had an abundance of rain within the last ten days. We are mostly well. Any exceptions to this I will not name, for I am a Christian Scientist (albeit not of the Eddy stripe) and we C. S. don't allow ourselves to talk 46 THE MANIFESTO. about sickness and pain but only health and consolation. Conning over symptoms, is one of the most fruitful ways to create sickness on earth. I enjoy the society of the good Brethren and Sisters here at Union Village wonderfully and think it quite praiseworthy that peace and union dwell with us. I never did, and never will go back on our own folks but try to encourage the good in every one. We see the necessity for greater zeal and faithfulness. I wish all God's creation, friend or foe a happy New Year. 0. C. Hampton. South. Union, Ky. Dec. 1894. Fakewell, Dear Old Year, thou art dying, dying: thou art fading, while around me the evening shadows softly fall. I sit alone watching the tall stately pines bend and bow to each gentle breeze, the sun reflecting its soft mellow light over our landscape and it presents a picture too lovely for description. I wonder how many at this sacred hour are turning over the pages of their past history, calling to memory the good and noble deeds they have done. Beautiful old year. While we list to thy last faint whisper, no tear-stains are upon our cheeks, no bitter regrets. Let us not mourn thy departure but let us be glad with new and firm resolutions for the New Year. Let us so live that in after years we will sweetly cherish thy remembrance. Help us to be wise, patient, kind, gentle and charitable. True charity attempts not to close our eyes to the distinction between good and bad; toward our enemies it inspires forgiveness and a solicitude for their welfare; it forms gentleness of temper, a comforter of the afflicted a protector of the oppressed. Farewell Old Year! with glad tidings for the happy new. May health, peace and prosperity be tended to all. Accept much love and good wishes with respect and gratitude. Birdie Henderson.