CONFESSION. By Edwin P. Sevester. VTTE read in the Old Testament that the Mosaic law required if any had V V transgressed, that the transgressor offer upon the altar an animal, confessing his sins before the High-Priest and the people, and slaying the animal as a burnt-offering to God. (Lev. i, 45.) This is a type of our own fallen nature ; this is the animal we must lay upon the altar of Truth, and slay by confessing our sins before God's Witnesses. This was done in the third dispensation; but was shamefully abused by antichrist and was restored in its purity in the fourth dispensation. Having confessed and forsaken our sins we walk in the regeneration, having put off the old man. 30 THE MANIFESTO. We manifest this in our outward deportment, living a pure, el &gt;au life, a healthful spiritual atmosphere surrounding us and others who lik us stand confessed before God. Born as we art with appetites at variance with the will of God, which it is not easy to conquer; for they struggle for life, and the longer we indulge in passion, the stronger and the deeper the roots are growing. But if we gain Eternal life, we must lose the natural, carnal life, for Jesus said, 'Whosoever will save his life, shall lose it; but whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospel's the same shall save it.' The Apostle Paul, whose epistles I love to read, speaks frequently of the dying of the old man, the dying of the body of sin. Put off the old man according to the deceitful lusts and put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness; old things have passed away, behold all has become new. The Jewish wars and the destruction of their enemies, are symbols of the warfare against our imbred foes and the destruction of our evil nature. But we can never gain the saving power over sin and a carnal life in this present time, but by an honest confession of sin before God bringing to his judgment our weaknesses and errors, with a full determination to forsake them forever. Souls may seek to climb up some other way, but those who would be saved must enter in by this 'Door of Hope.' Mother Ann and her faithful followers, all who have followed in her footsteps, have found a power over all evil. This was gained only through faith, through confession, through prayer and through struggle of soul. If we are faithful, power shall be given us likewise to rule all nations. To be pure in heart, pure in thought, word and deed, acting from right motives, rising above a fallen, evil nature, by obedience to the Gospel with its discipline and regulations for our protection ; taking up a full and final cross against the lawless passions of men. This brings peace and satisfaction to the soul, giving more pleasure, more enjoyment and comfort than all the glittering pleasures of the world. I can not offer sufficient praise to my Heavenly Parents for the surroundings of a good, pure home, where are influences that attract the spirit upward, heavenward. For all this and my association with the loved ones of the household I am deeply grateful. Shakers, N. Y.