HISTORY OF SOUTH UNION, KY. NO. 16. NOV. 28. 1862. Some chicken-thieves break into the building where we keep our fowls, and appropriate for their own use not less than two dozen nice chickens. To-night the post-office at the station is entered and the mail bag cut open. Papers, envelops and postage stamps are scattered about ths floor. They obtained a light by filling an old hat with paper and then setting it on fire. It is a wonder they did not set the building on fire. A paroled soldier from the company of John Morgan, calls at our Office to see some children. Dec. 1. Two Federal soldiers, on beautiful horses ride through the streets this evening. Soldiers come from Col. Shackelford's regiment. The Col. has been shot in the foot and is lame. They tell of several persons who were executed, because they were true to the Union flag. For many months we have been annoyed by the Confederate army only, but at present we are visited from day to day by both armies, and at times it is difficult to tell which makes us the most trouble. Following these armies are more or less lawless characters, who under the name of soldiers either steal or rob as circumstances offer. Several of the Brethren are at times engaged for days in search of stolen horses. For the food and lodging of some seventy or more soldiers, we are unable to get any compensation. The government Officers say we must run our own risks, if we provide food for the soldiers we must look to the soldiers for pay. The cabins of the negroes are examined by Confederate men, and FEBRUARY, 26 THE MANIFESTO. their trunks searched, but we have no knowledge what it is for. Elder Solomon Rankin who went to see what was being done, said it seemed very much as though they were searching for money. They pretended to fear an uprising among the negroes. Dec. 23. Six negroes from our hired help, serenaded us, last evening at about ten o'clock. They made of it quite a pleasant and lively time. Many of the poor creatures are anxiously looking for the time to come when they shall be free. Br. Urban Johns has been several times to Louisville to purchase some things for the Society, but it is with extreme difficulty that he is able to have them brought home. The soldiers control the freight cars and use them for transporting army supplies. Gen. Morgan and his soldiers have been the surprise for several months. His rapid movements from place to place is an astonishing phase in his career. As his soldiers are sometimes dressed in the uniform of the Federals, they make captives very easily. The negroes are often hunted by these soldiers, like wild beasts. While Elder Harvey Eads was at Bowling Green he tried to obtain a newspaper that was published at Nashville, Tenn., but was unable to procure one. The dealer in papers said there were five hundred applicants for two dozen papers. JANUARY, 1863. Jan. 1. The new year begins rather unpleasantly. Extensive warlike preparations are being made by both the North and South, and the destructive battles are still going on. Human life is at a fearful discount, and to execute men or to shoot them down for expressing an opinion, is an occurrence of every day. The country is overrun with wild, reckless characters, who are committing every form of crime and then go unpunished. Revolvers and bowie knives are flourished in the faces of old and young alike and he is a fortunate man who escapes with either his life or his money. Jan. 9. Nine refugees from Georgia pass through our Village. These persons are almost destitute of money or clothing. All these conditions come from the savagery of war, which is more cruel than the grave. Thirty-six Union soldiers, who are out on a foraging expedition, make a halt for the night in our door-yard and order a supper for the men and forage for the horses. They request lodging and breakfast and then make free to say that they shall not pay for it. Some of the Brethren think this worse treatment than they have received from the Confederates. The southern soldiers generally ask permission of the Brethren, but these Michigan soldiers demanded what they chose. All are however comfortably provided for, and we prepare a supper of new buscuits and corn bread, fried pork, sausages, sassafras tea with sugar and cream, and a good supply of fresh milk. They also have the best of sweet potatoes and several gallons of THE MANIFESTO. 27 canned peaches. The Officers took their supper in the Trustees' office, aud fan d more sumptuously. Jan. 10. This morning the soldiers take breakfast, and have loaf bread and new buscuits, corn bread, sweet potatoes, fried pork, eggs, sausages, onions, stewed apples, butter, sassafras and sage tea, with cream and sugar and a liberal supply of milk. We may hope that after all this care and kindness, they go will away to their duty, a better class of men than when they came to us. They are ready to march at about eight o'clock, a. m. and the Officers are in a very pleasant frame of mind. The Lieutenant jokingly remarks, 'Well, you have fed thirty-six men and they are all leaving you in a pleasant mood, and you have just that many more friends. You may yet need our assistance, and if any of you will come up to our camp we will treat you.' That was but poor compensation for our services, yet it was the best we could get. On referring this case to Brigadier Gen. Munson, he said, 'Those wagoners and soldiers went off without orders, and I will arrest the Officers. If they had been sent they would have presented printed vouchers. I will send a guard to your Village and prevent any further trespass.' Feb. 25. Sunday. While we are in meeting two hundred soldiers pass through the Village. They loiter in the street and about the well, and finally march on at the sound of their fife and drum. Fourteen army wagons soon follow the soldiers. In February, the guerrillas set fire to the R. R. station and destroy two thousand bu. of corn, three thousand bu. of wheat, several hogsheads of tobacco and some bales, of cotton cloth. In all, the loss was some $6500.00 After the burning of the station and the corn, a company of Union soldiers were sent to look after the government property, and not finding horses enough for their present use they came to the Village and ordered us to let them have two. Feb. 27. Some of these stray Confederates set fire to fifteen cars that are filled with mules for the Federal government, and they all perish in the flames. It is a cruel death, but war turns men into brutes. As Kentucky is again in the hands of the Union soldiers they are very active in their search for the outlaws and indeed for all who rebel against the government. The soldiers are engaged in war as much on Sunday as on any day of the week. Christian soldiers are Sabbath breakers, and breakers of the sixth commandment, 'Thou shalt not kill.' April, 1. These are terrible times and the state of society seems like a whirlwind. The storm comes upon us without mercy. Coffee in Richmond is one dollar a cup. Flour is seventy dollars a bbl. and in some places bread is one dollar a pound. April, 12. We enjoy a very pleasant season of worship, although we are 28 THE MANIFESTO. ' visited on the Sabbath, as on other days, with every grade of company. May the dear Lord watch over us and protect us from all harm. April, 22. Not less than sixty guerrillas are in the woods about some four miles distant from our Village. They use very strong, threatening language and by this frighten a great many people. They steal all the horses they can, and if resisted murder the people. April, 23. Wars and rumors of wars are on ev^ry hand and the horrors of war are a daily occurrence. Five Federal soldiers went to the house of a doctor by the name of Merrill. The Lieutenant walked in and informed the doctor that they had come to arrest him. 'I will not be arrested,' said the doctor. 'By what authority do you come here ? ' The Lieutenant drew his six shooter and presenting it said,'This is my authority.' Instantly a ball struck the doctor in the breast, who as suddenly jerked the pistol from the Officer and shot him dead. The doctor then killed another soldier and mortally wounded the third. The other two soldiers fled. The above is a representation of southern life at the present time. Murder and robbery is the work of every day. April, 30. A day for National Fast, agreeably to a proclamation by the President. The Society meet at 10 o'clock a. m. and hold a religious service. May, 4. Six suspicious characters enter our Village to-day and seem to be making quite a close examination. As several Brethren are at home, the strangers do not attempt to do any harm. (To be continued.) [NOTE, referring to the History of South Union: January, 23rd, on page 174, should be inserted on page 151. Page 197 which has January, 4th, should be January, 28. The date, 1864, on page 269 should be 1862.]