HOUSEHOLD OF FAITH. AS good as man may have been created 'in the beginning' and holding as he did the privilege of conversing with God, it is quite questionable if it ever occurred to him to form a 'household of faith,' and it is equally questionable if the thought ever entered his mind, either before or after the wonderful fall which he sustained, till he had passed through an experience of at least four thousand years, the animal man in common with all other animals, was more interested in asserting that 'might was right' only and in obtaining rights and privileges, than he was in letting fall what he already held in his grasp, to penetrate into an unseen realm for treasures that do not minister to an animal existence. 'An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth,' as a matter of business could be demonstrated to a mathematical certainty and it was not till the great reformation of Moses was brought to bear upon his life, and man was raised a few degrees above the 'beasts that perish,' that they could be induced to study a more humane procedure and even under the ameliorating influences their idea of faith was thoroughly amalgamated with that of selfish rights. The destruction of cities with the indiscriminate slaughter of all the inhabitants, and the savage cruelties that were inflicted by the victorious armies were no more calculated to awaken the mind with a confidingfaith in that savage age than they would be to develop the same quality of mind in the brutal representative of man at the present day. Moses presented to the world a most wonderful work, of the disciplinary power over man. He accepted the Hebrews as a nation of slaves and made them a victorious nation of free men. He found them through the indulgence of eating and drinking, lost in all the excesses of the Egyptians, and no less inheriting all their diseases ; but through a forced hygienic system of bread and water, he took them from all sickness and made of them a nation that has been a wonder on the earth. And yet they never heard of the 'household of faith' till long after the advent of Jesus. To create this household was not less a mirace than was the crossing of the Red Sea. The man of righteousness and of faith had sown the seed, and the good husbandman had cared for it till the day of its fruition, and then the Apostle in his glorious triumph, could inspire his followers with a faith corresponding with that which he had l'ect ived. a&amp; THE MANIFESTO. 37 ''Let us,' said he, 'do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith.' Paul was as generous as he was full of faith, he excluded no one from his good thoughts and good deeds, in that he exhoi-ts his Church to do good to all men. Then comes that gospel relation for which he had forsaken all the pleasures and treasures of this worlda relation just as near to him as was the salvation of his own soul. From this relation 'neither life nor death, nor principalities, nor powers,' ever could separate him. It was his love for God in Christ. It was included in the mission of Jesus to go about doing good, and we can not very well become his disciples unless we embody so important a work for the good of humanity into the life work which we have accepted. The Christian's mission certainly is more than to eat and drink or to accumulate the treasures of this world. All these may have their legitimate places in the economy of life and if 'used as not abusing them' may prove very acceptable. Although it became the duty of Jesus, as a teacher, to encourage all that led to paths of righteousness, yet he was severe in his rebuke of that which led to unrighteousness. 'Except your righteousness shall exceed that of the Scribes and Pharisees ye shall not enter the kingdom of heaven.' Jesus would have his disciples, who had received greater light from God, walk more circumspectly before men. In this way they would let their light shine which they had received from God. It was an active goodness that was demanded of these followers of Christ, and certainly no less of the spirit of righteousness can be demanded of all who now name the name of Christ. The 'household of faith' is still a living reality in the hearts of the faithful and with its sacred covenant is working for God in the interest of humanity. We shall not hesitate to say to St. Paul that we will carefully concede to his wishes and remember in a special mariner our beautiful 'household of faith,' in which may be found so many earnest, anxious workers for peace on earth and good-will to all men. Our Church Covenant which has been published recently in pamphlet form should be carefully studied by every member of our gospel home. No excuse, except ignorance, can justify any Believer in not being fully informed on this subject, as a copy can be obtained free by simply addressing The Manifesto. A faithful continuance in well-doing by the covenantal members of our gospel home must insure a continued peace and prosperity to our Community.