EXCHANGES. Our Dumb Animals 'Our Dumb Animals' is under the editorial management of George T. Angell, of Boston, Mass. The whole paper is in the interest of Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. It is beautifully illustrated and should find a place in every home. Freedom's Banner 'Freedom's Banner' is edited by T. S. Givan of Louisville, Ky. This paper has for its motto,'One people, one language, one flag, even justice, equality and fraternity.' Words of Faith 'Words of Faith' is edited and published by G. W. McCalla.of Philadelphia. The Editor says that 'the publication is a work of Faith,' and is 'for the Unfolding of Spiritual Life and Light.' Young People at Work 'Young People at Work' is published in the Interests of the Young Peoples' Societies of the Churches of Hartford, Ct. American Federationist 'American Federationist' is edited by Samuel Gompers and published by the American Federation of Labor, of New York. The paper is in the interest of the Trade Union Movement. Religio-Philosophical Journal The 'Religio-Philosophical Journal' in speaking of itself ay-s,'Truth wears no mask, bows at no human shrine, seeks neither place nor applause; she only asks a hearing.' The Journal is an independent and uncompromising exponent of the spiritualism of to-day. Its field of labor may be a little less than that mentioned in the Bible,'twelve thousand furlongs square,' as it becomes an advocate in an 'Open Court' and introduces us to 'The Transcendental Community at Brook Farm.' Published in Chicago, 111. by B. F. Underwood. The Christian 'The Christian,' including the 'Christian Safeguard,' 'Armory,' &amp; 'Common People.' is an illustrated, religious, temperance paper. In this pamphlet may be found music, poetry, true stories, religion and common sense, while sectarian controversy, politics, patent medicines and pious novels are excluded. Published by H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. The Flaming Sword 'The Flaming Sword' is 'the expositor of Koreshanity,the bitter foe of every form of social abuse in church and state,primitive Christianity revised.' It is published at Washington Heights, Chicago, 111., where the leading Society is located.