NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. December. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1893. 29. % in. 15% in. 1894. 25.6 % ' 1934 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 48 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 8 below' Number of rainy days ' ' 1 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 5 ' ' clear ' ' ' 13 ' ' cloudy '' ' ' 12 C. 6. Beed. Jan. 1895. At our last writing of Home Notes we were in the midst of our first heavy fal) of snow, and long seemed what are called the 'dead months' before us; and now when these Notes appear, we shall be greeting according to old-timed ideas, the first of the 'living months' when slumbering vegetation begins to stretch and yawn underground, preparatory to awaking to duty. Our Christmas this year as in other years past, was made particularly pleasant, by the efforts of our young people to give us pleasant surprises. When the family assembled for breakfast, we found a pretty group of whiterobed young Sisters and girls and little boys wearing 'Merry Xmas' badges standing statue-like around an organ over which was a beautiful arch of evergreen, white paper chains and glistening with tinsel balls and bells. After prayers they sang an original Christinas hymn, the six boys keeping time on the chorus, with little bells. At the close of the meal, another hymn was sung, and the chorus of this was timed by a chime of bells, by the young Sisters. On the last verse they marched off to the farther part of the house that the sound might end in a cadence. Our Christmas forenoon service, was as usual beautifully appropriate to the day, proving to us that even centuries can not erase the lesson taught by the Prince of Peace. At the hour for our evening meal, the organ again called us to the dining room, where we were treated to vocal and instrumental music, recitations, etc. by the young people. Meanwhile physical needs were not forgotten; for between the acts, dainty and simple refreshments were served, and we pleasantly passed two and a half hours. It is right to have the young imbued with the idea that it is their duty and pleasure at Christmas to contribute to other's happiness, instead of feeling that they must be the recipients of some costly present, at the sacrifice of hard-earned means, needed for their necessities. Emerson said 'That is no real gift, which is not produced by the giver.' Thus skillful fingers can often create a gift precious both as a token of love, and an object of use. It is also pleasant that the efforts of the young find appreciative responses, in the hearts of the older members of our family, who love and bless every endeavor to TERMS. 40 THE MANIFESTO. make home happy. Reciprocity intensifies the pleasure of doing good. We were blest with the presence of our loved Ministry, and their words of love and encouragement, greatly enhanced the pleasures of the day. Amelia J. Culver. South Family. Jan. 1894. 'Christmas 1894' will long be remembered by our home circle. The tide of holiday feeling which prevails throughout on that memorable occasion was felt long before its real advent. Finally the longed for day had come. All the stockings had been filled, good measure, pressed down and shaken together, and we had a foretaste of the good things to come. Our forenoon meeting was one of those rare occasions of complete union of feeling, which makes you feel as if sitting in heavenly places. The opening testimony was 'Forgive and Forget' and proved to be like the touch on the button of an electric battery; all seemingly made it a thought whereby to profit the coming year. Articles appropriate for the occasion were road inspiring us to more 'Faith' in the 'Saving Power of Christ.' A quartette sang a new piece, 'Peace and Praise' adding to the good already prevailing. We retired from our Father's table filled with thankfulness and joy, refreshed, renewed and quickened to good works. More was to come. Of course we suspected it all the time, for a week ago I overheard two boys 'telling their piece.' Then the young people went to the locust grove, in spite of the crispy cold, in search of evergreens, ferns and moss, and Christmas eve: such a hammering, running and thumping could be heard in the meeting-room, almost till midnight, that any person with average common sense could draw up a conclusion as to what was going on. And it did go onit was a great success and lasted fully three hours before we saw the end. But let me tell you of the beginning. At five o'clock the family gathered into our meeting-room which was tastily decorated. The arrangement was evidently made for a double purpose. We were conducted to chairs at the south end some of which may have endured the burdens and friction of nearly a century, while others were the latest products of upholstery, massive in their cushioned elegance, desirable Christmas presents for the veterans of the family. A group of young Sisters, robed in spotless white, opened the entertainment by the ensuing colloquy, which was rendered with ease and grace and was a most creditable expression of the pure and practical views of young women reared and influenced by gospel principles. Friendship, Love, Charity, Humility and Sunbeam were the speakers. From the many items read, spoken, sung and played only very few can be mentioned. 'The Bridge' by Longfellow was sung to organ accompaniment by a treble singer with elegance and precision. The reading of several humorous articles, alternated by recitations, closed the first part of the programme. At the usual hour for supper we were transferred from the intellectual to the physical department. A placard with 'Free Lunch' in bold lettering pointed to a group of tables laden with a repast worthy of the most sanguine vegetarian. All tropical fruits seemed to have appointed this their place of rendezvous and were cordially welcomed. After this, not unpleasant interruption, we resumed our programme. Little 'Sunbeam' a child of seven years disguised as an angel, asked sympathetically 'Little lamb who made thee?' An imitation of all musical instruments including the bagpipe, on the organ entitled, 'Wandering Minstrels' excited considerable hilarity by its 'telling' and skillful rendering. Among the pieces read was one I can not help mentioning for its importance. 'How to cure gossip' tells of an unfailing cure of this wide-spread plague. We are willing to send it free of THE MANIFESTO. 41 charge to all afflicted (please enclose stamped envelope.) It is not 'Beecham's pills.' Two songs, 'Good Night' and 'We'll never say good-by,' intimated that all things, even Christmas entertainments must come to an end. After a few remarks of satisfaction and the wish expressed by many for a repetition of such gathei'ings we retired with thankful hearts to the Giver of all good things. Nor did we wait a long time before the above wish was fulfilled. The Old Year had to be marched out and the New Year welcomed. For this purpose we assembled the first evening of the New Year. After some instrumental music two representatives of the Old Year exchanged with two representatives of its successor their different views concerning the past and present, hoping the best for the time to come. After this two groups were formed which in calisthenic marching keeping time to song and music marched out the Old and marched in the New Year. A quartette sang 'Fear not' (Canterbury leaflet) and a selection from the 'Overland Monthly' entitled 'Good Night' was repeated in unison. This was a fair imitation of the New Year, which for all of us will, as we resolved, be a time for true intellectual and spiritual culture. Ernest Pick. Shakers, N. Y. Second Family. Jan. 1895. We are experiencing snug winter weather, with the thermometer around the zero point: 14 below was the coldest. We are busy securing our supply of wood for next winter. Sleighing has been poor. We felt a slight shock of earthquake Dec. 17th between the hours of 3 and 4 a. m. The writer and several others were awakened from slumber by the rattling of doors and windows, and could not imagine what was the cause. It was felt, we learn, in different parts of the state, although our neighboring city Albany doubted the report. Christmas, the Society met for worship at our family, and we enjoyed a spiritual feast. In the evening all the young people were invited by the Church family to share with them a social entertainment prepared for the occasion. It consisted of singing and speaking, with refreshments at the close. Many that were older turned the dial of time back to youth, and graced the occasion with their presence. All were well pleased and each performed the part allotted, well. New Year's eve, we returned the compliment and invited all to come and enjoy a similar entertainment, which our young Sisters and children had planned. We had singing and speaking. All had learned their pieces, and spoke them well without any hesitation, very much to their credit. We enjoyed the entertainment; and the last act was not t'se least, refreshments, not winebut pure lemon-juice from Florida, with cake. We also had a surprise to find numbered in our midst Beloved Elder Joseph Holden. So in blessing we were blest. Isaac Anxtatt. North Family. Jan. 1895. The festive seasons of Christmas and New Years are past and we are introduced to the varied panorama of the new year. Christmas was observed by a Society meeting at the Second family at 10 o'clock a. in. Many good and earnest thoughts were expressed and resolutions to obey more faithfully the inner light that is calling higher, and we felt the presence of that cloud of witnesses which attend the Pentecostal season. It was an hour of holy communion. In the evening a social entertainment was given at the Church family in which the Society was well represented. This included dialogues, poems, and original essays in which the youth and children took part with great credit. 42 THE MANIFESTO. The following is the programme; Opening Address. 'The Purest Pearl.' 'Playing at School.' 'Guilty or not Guilty.' 'The Three Wishes,' or 'Visit to Fairyland.' 'Why do you Fear?' 'The Happy Child.' 'An Address to the Young.' 'Voice of Silence.' 'How Lulu knocked at the gate of Heaven.' 'The Seasons.' 'Little Froggie.' 'The Weed.' 'Saint Nicholas.' RECITATIONS. 'The Frost.' 'The Sun.' 'Childhood Hours.' 'The Peasant's Christmas.' 'The Music Stool.' SONGS. 'The Christmas Greeting.' 'Our hearts beat gladly.' On the evening of New Year's day we had a social reception at the Second family where poems and original essays were read and spoken and the time passed pleasantly by. We were favored with the company of our Beloved Elder Joseph Holden who at the close gave a very instructive address, followed by remarks from different Elders bearing upon our duty the coming year. The counsel fell upon good soil and time will show that it has borne fruit. Our fine, mild winter was rudely broken on the 27th ult. when we had almost a foot of snow with heavy winds. On the morning of the 28th the mercury registered 8 deg. below zero. Hamilton DeGraiv. West Pittsfield, Mass. Jan. 1895. Like a tale that is told the book of the Old Year is written. Each of its three hundred and sixty-five pages bears its message, and now 'Finis,' is signed, the book closed, and sealed with prayer, is sent speeding on its way to eternity, joining others, each numbered volume bearing the history of our lives. As we open the new book entrusted to our keeping, bound so closely that we can see but one page at a time, let us entitle ; 'Noble Endeavor,' and, dedicating it to God and friends around us, write the pages with devotion and care. As a New Year's present, the brown, bare earth around us, was given a garment of glistening snow. To be sure, it has grown rather dingy in appearance, and many thin places are visible, but we think soon another will be provided. With a view to improving each opportunity, sleighing parties were organized, and three double loads, on as many days, went to enjoy a ride over the snow. Each trip was pronounced a complete success, and enjoyed to the utmost, especially by the children. To-day the men have commenced filling our new Cold Storage with ice, which I hear is about 12 in. thick. On the 3rd inst. the State board of highway commissioners arrived at our place. The object of their visit being to inspect the road leading from Hancock to Lebanon, preparatory to building a continuation of the State road now commenced in West Pittsfield. Elder Joseph, of the Central Ministry, and several Brethren from Mt. Lebanon, were also here. They drove over a route leading across meadows, and through woods, finally coming into the highway, thereby securing a grade more even and less dangerous, than the regular road over the mountain. Though no decision was made, it is quite certain that a better road will be the result. Fidelia Estabrook. Shaker Station, Ct. Jan. 1895. How comforting is the thought that salvation is free to all who work for it. 'Work out your own salvation.' It requires the crucifixion of all sinful elements to be a true cross-bearer. Cross-bearing insures eternal life. First the cross, then the crown. 'If any man will come after me let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me,' said Jesus. The injunction is plain, and how pleasing it THE MANIFES TO. 43 should be when we know that self-denial will yield happiness and heaven. Denying self is a Christian duty. How sweet are the hours we spend in God's service. We can not do too much for the cause of truth and virtue, though we toil incessantly. One virtuous person may turn many others heavenward. There is no safety in sin. As we go through each day, let us think of coming days, and make provision foi their trials, crosses and duties, by doing our very best work at character building. 'Dimensions of Westminster clock, London. Diameter of dials, 22 ft. The minute hand is 16 ft. long, the hour hand 9 ft. and both weigh 200 pounds. Length of pendulum 15 ft; weight 680 lbs.' 'Diameter of the dial of the clock in the new city hall, Philadelphia, 27 ft. 'The largest hanging bell in the world is in China. It is 18 ft. high and 45 ft. in circumference and is of solid bronze.' Daniel Orautt. South Family. Jan. 1895. Once more we are on the verge of a new year with its hopes, and aspirations. The one that has so quickly passed has been crowned with blessing, peace, and plenty, and we would render thanks for the mercies bestowed upon us by the bountiful Giver of all good. Christmas was made a joyful occasion. A general invitation was extended by the Church Elders to all of the Society, to spend the day with them, which was accepted. A very impressive Service was held. It was truly commemorative of the life Christ taught and lived, while on earth. May it prove a profitable season to those present. At 12 o'clock we were invited to a sumptuous repast of which we partook with thankful hearts, not unmindful of those whose lives were full of want and poverty. At 2 p. m. we all convened in the dining hall to listen to music, and to the speaking of pieces taken from Scripture, also reading from the older class, for all took some part, which made the occasion very interesting and useful. At the close of the entertainment presents were distributed from a heavily laden Christmas tree which stood waiting to furnish many valuable and useful gifts; all were remembered. A lunch was served and at 5 o'clock we returned to our homes made happier and wiser for the Christmas of 1894, and also with many thanks to those who contributed to our comfort and pleasure. Sleighing is very good, with the prospect of more snow. On the 3rd inst. a party of ten went on a sleigh-ride, and returned reporting a very pleasant time at Broad Brook, Ellington and Rockville. Chopping in the woods gives employment at present to the farmers, also the preparing of corn fodder by machinery. Our stock are thriving well by their good care, as the abundant supply of cream from twenty cows proves the value of sparing no pains for their comfort, and keeping everything in order; 3,500 spaces of cream in October; 3,465 in December; so it goes care, care! The ice harvest commences on the 7th inst. under favorable circumstances, as we have snow for sledding. Improved machinery aids in getting ice; we put up about 209 tons as easily as we formerly put up 50 tons. At present, ice is a necessity for the dairy and the refrigerator; but we believe electricity will make us independent of ice in a few years; it is in the air, that creamers and coolingrooms, will be refrigerated by machinery. Maria Witham.