Books and Papers. The Ladies' Home Journal MAGAZINES ARE COSTLY THINGS. Albert Lynch, the famous French artist, who received the Salon prize for his panel of 'Spring,' has been engaged by The Ladies' Home Journal to draw a series of designs for the cover of that magazine, which as the reading public knows, changes its cover design each month. Lynch is, perhaps, one of the best-paid artists in France, and these covers will cost The Ladies' Home Journal nearly $1000 apiece. But this only demonstrates the enormous expense, to which magazines are put in the production of their numbers.R. H. Stoddard, in New York Mail arid Express. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy . Jan. Contents. Origin of the Bloomer Costume; The American Costume; Foundation Principles, No. 9. Phrenology; The Good that a bad Arm did; That Impure Virus; Outlook for the New Year; Our College Prospects; Sanitation; Letter from Dr. L. Gossmann; Temperature of the Body; Dress Notes; etc. etc., DrT. V. Gifford, Kokomo, Ind. Gathered Gems of Song and Story Gathered Gems of Song and Story. It is not every day that we are so fortunate as to obtain this form of treasure by the expenditure of a little sum of money. A book of gems is far more valuable than a necklace of gems, as one may beautify the immortal mind, while the other can only afford a transitory pleasure in adorning the body. It is a treasure-house of stories that every boy and girl will want to read, and in which more mature minds will be intensely interested, among which may be found 'The Little English Drummer Boy,' 'Kittie's New Song,' and 'The Wooden Indian.' Published by II. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill Boston, Mass. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for January appears in a new, elegant, 'up-to-date' dress, and the contents are equally fresh and attractive. The Hon. Chauncey M. Depew, L. L. D, is the subject of the frontispiece and a closely ana. lytical phrenograph from a personal examination by the editor, Dr. Edgar C. Beall. This will prove exceptionally interesting to the many admirers of the brilliant orator, and to all students of character reading as a science and an art. It is also of value as an explanation of some important elements of social, political and financial success. Miss Alice E. Ives, the well known journalist, very intelligently discusses Man versus the New Woman; George Manson reviews the strange superstition of 'The Evil Eye;' and Mrs. Charlotte Fowler Wells sketches the eminent advocate of phrenology, Dr. J. V. C. Smith. Prof. Nelson Sizer elaborately phrenographs the well known clergyman. Frederick D. Power, of Washington, from a personal examination, and contributes live pages of most interesting illustrated matter to the department of Child Culture. The latter will be eagerly read by all parents of bright children. Dr. H. S. Drayton and others furnish excellent ideas on hygiene, notably on Eye Disease from Catarrh, Remedial Appliances in Fevers, Whole Wheat Bread, etc., etc. The editorials include illustrated studies in physiognomy and cheirognomy, with portraits of the noses of Mr. Gladstone and Mrs. Langtry. The publishers promise added improvements in future numbers. Price 15 cents, $1. 50 a year. Address The Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 27 East 21st St., New York.