PUBLIC SPIRIT. By Martha J. Anderson. fTlHE more we expand in spirit and feeling toward others, the more their JL interest becomes ours, and we know no selfish sphere of duties and obligations. The man or woman who, having great wealth, wisely considers some plan for its distribution, and dedicates a portion for building and endowing an THE MANIFESTO. 3^ extensive institution,either charitable or educationalis called a public benefactor. To be able to become the liberal patron of art, science and literature, so that their benefits may be extended for the uplifting and civilization of the musses, redounds also to the honor and glory of those who gather but to give. All have not fortunes to disburse in vast enterprises and thus win favor, and find a niche in the temple of honor; or leave a memorial that shall inspire future generations to perpetuate his or her image in marble or bronze. Yet those who can not do large things, can in small ways, add to the general good anil welfare of others as far as their influence and assistance can be reasonably extended. The quiet Sister of Mercy, who in plain garb and modest demeanor, goes from ward to ward among the poor and afflicted, where danger lurks in foul disease, ever ministering help and consolation, while she is rigidly denying self; sacrifices more for public weal, than he who gives a mun ficent fund to build the hospital. The farmer who stops to mend a dangerous place in the road, where he has just escaped accident, and fears lest his neighbor's horse may be injured ; who throws a stone aside from the highway, or rights up a broken fence where cattle may escape, is by small acts, nobly performing the part of the philanthropist. So also is the woman, who with loving heart and constancy of purpose, goes about the house day by day, faithfully performing the menial services that bring comfort to the home and peace to the family; and when her soul expands beyond the narrow sphere of imposed duty and obligation, with what pleasure she devotes her spare time and means to ameliorate undesirable conditions among those less favored than herself. Trivial as may seem the amenities of life, who has not felt blest by the tender word of sympathy, the gracious smile of favor, the helpful hand of blessing, and affection's watchful care? All can not do gi'eat things; yet many through ambition chafe under the bondage of allotted tasks, vaguely dreaming and trusting that some broader field of labor will be open to them, wherein they can do something great to serve and bless humanity, and while they are idealizing, perhaps they are neglecting to take up the threads of life's work that lie tangled in their pathway, and which claim assiduity and patience in the straightening out process. Some are over-anxious to distribute to the poor, yet do very little toward furnishing the means. It is easy to say give, but while our hearts wax warm, let our fingers respond practically, that we may sew, knit and mend; thus have of our well-earned substance to produce in time of need; this is the true spirit of benevolence. While in the orderly arrangement of a communal household, there are cer- 34 THE MANIFESTO. tain duties devolving upon each member, which must be performed with regularity and precision ; yet, to the stronger or more capable, there always comes a greater share, and double care; and while some toil a few hours, others know no limit as to time, in the round of pressing business. How good it is for each one to be so consecrated to the interest of the whole, that he will seek ways and means to quietly relieve his brother or sister by doing some kindly act, thus help to lift the burdens. Some individuals who are admitted into our well-organized families are at first greatly pleased with the practical results of united effort, and think it delightful that every thing should move so harmoniously. They would certainly be willing to work for others, and have their allotted duties, it would seem so much easier than the way people generally labor. But when they find that there is no remuneration of dollars and cents, and no spur of necessity goading them, their zeal soon slackens, and they seek ways and means to evade labor as much as possible; growing weary with the least effort ; keeping self uppermost, they fail not only in doing that which is apportioned to them, but add nothing to the general good by rendering assistance here and there when extra work is to be done. Some even who are quite zealous in the general business fail to take cognizance of little items that need attention, and by so doing manifest a public spirit. Who does not feel ashamed and rebuked, when he sees some dear brother or sister who has toiled assiduously all day, and has deprived themselves of the coveted morning nap, taking the outside door broom and sweeping the walks, because they have the accumulated dirt of a week through which we have unconcernedly walked, never thinking that it was as much our interest as theirs to have the yard kept tidy. Thoughtless gardeners throw leaves, stones and sticks in the paths around the flower gardens, or leave pots, boxes etc. for days, despoiling the beauty that might otherwise be enjoyed unless some one shows the public spirit and hastens to set things in order. If all would attend to the simple rule of putting every thing in its place, (as there is always a place provided) then there would be less labor and confusion, and this rule applies to every department, and apartment in our home. 'Bear ye one another's burdens and so fulfill the law of love' is opposed to the spirit that boastingly says, every individual can look out for number one. The God-Hfe is embodied in the former, while the latter is the personification of the selfism that rules the world, and holds mankind to the lower plane of being. Our existence in this rudimental sphere is for a high and noble purpose, that we may unfold and progress. Being creatures of free-will it lies in our power to extend the lines of worthy action as far as our capabilities and powers will admit, and thus grow in the divinity of our higher nature by the exercise of God-given faculties. THE MANIFESTO. 35 In our communal relation there is room for culture and improvement in a liberal self-sacrificing spirit. We need not go very far to ascertain how much good we may do, but let each morning bring to our hearts a new resolve, that shall prompt to the exercise of a disinterested spirit of generous loving service. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.