NORTH FAMILY. By Martha J. Anderson. ~T~TTTTH loving greeting and a heart-felt wish for a happy and prosperVV ous year for our fellow-laborers and co-workers, we, your devoted spiritual kindred of blessed Mt. Lebanon, send this salutation and message THE MANIFESTO. 31 to all the churches of our precious faith; a faith founded in practical righteousness, and the exemplification of every Christian virtue. To the noble founders of our Order be all honor given; to their faithful successors all praise. May the substantial good they have left as an inheritancethe accumulation of a century's consecrated toilnever be scattered by unhallowed or unworthy hands. They who would set aside as non-essential that which preserves unity and conformity, are rather destroyers than builders; we all need wisdom and knowledge, and above all a desire to conserve the good that has been attained through individual sacrifice and selfsurrender. May our interest be for the larger life of pure, unselfish living; and our love be broadening to the universal; then though the call may be to us to gather together in closer fraternal relation as Societies, we shall feel that we are of one heart and mind, Brethren and Sisters of the one fold of Christ. We are striving to be active and earnest, have a desire to scatter abroad the knowledge of our Order, and for this purpose have had several new tracts printed. The spirit of inquiry is abroad, have many letters to answer and a goodly number are 'almost persuaded,' yet just miss of entering the strait gate and the narrow way that leads to eternal life. Our family can report usual health, neither colds nor sickness ; it is an unusually sickly time in the neighborhood; high altitude and hygienic living exempt us from the plagues of Egypt in a great degree. With especial remembrance and thanks to our good Editor and his worthy corps of helpers, for their labors in making our monthly paper a light and a love-bearing messenger, we will close our rather lengthy article. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.