Union Village, O. Jan. 1895. Highly Esteemed Elder Henry;I was greatly rejoiced at your New Year's appearance. I was fearful some Florida fever had attacked the good people of East Canterbury; it would be all right if it had, but I beg you, 'don't abandon the publication of The Manifesto,nay not for one month if possible to avoid it. It is one of the strongest if not the strongest guarantee of our solidity. It is a perfect bulwark of strength at that point. It not only makes us much better acquainted, but cements our union and interest in each other. The value of The Manifesto in these particulars for the last twenty years can not be told. It opens the way for the ventilation of many excellent inspirations and sentiments which, in all probability would have remained latent with many good Brethren and Sisters of our fraternity only for the invaluable instrumentality of our Manifesto. Moreover it has developed the faculty of many to expx-ess themselves correctly anl even elegantly in composition which the skillful pens of many ready writers witness to every month. It also gives expression to many domestic felicities and home enjoyments so reciprocally identified that we feel as though we were one family and distance almost annihilated. The most important item of regret we have to chronicle since November set in, is the departure of our good and valuable Bro. Ezra T. Leggett. One of his many admirable qualities of character was his constant unswerving loyalty to the cause of the Gospel. Being extremely well-read and acute in the law, he was said to have saved our Society not less than 30,000 during his useful and honorable life of thirty-six years at Union Village. He never manifested rebellion or resistance to the gift of the Ministry, Elders or Deacons under any circumstances. He only wanted to know what was desired of him and he cheerf ullj complied. He never sought promotion of any kind, yet was in both Eldership and Trusteeship for some years and discharged his duties therein with fidelity. In his last Office of Postmaster, he was faithful and exemplary, so that the Postmaster General or his Deputy, took the pains to compliment him in a letter, wherein he stated, that the Post Office returns by Br. Ezra for the year ending 1893 were the most correctly and systematically reported, of any that had reached him. Is not the memory of such like 'ointment and balm?' Our winter so far has furnished but one or two zero days, but we have had an abundance of rain within the last ten days. We are mostly well. Any exceptions to this I will not name, for I am a Christian Scientist (albeit not of the Eddy stripe) and we C. S. don't allow ourselves to talk 46 THE MANIFESTO. about sickness and pain but only health and consolation. Conning over symptoms, is one of the most fruitful ways to create sickness on earth. I enjoy the society of the good Brethren and Sisters here at Union Village wonderfully and think it quite praiseworthy that peace and union dwell with us. I never did, and never will go back on our own folks but try to encourage the good in every one. We see the necessity for greater zeal and faithfulness. I wish all God's creation, friend or foe a happy New Year. 0. C. Hampton.