NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. January. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1894. 25.52 % in. 27 in. 1895. 23.36 % ' 15 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 52 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 10 below' Number of rainy days ' ' 4 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 8 ' ' clear ' ' ' 10 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 9 C. G. Reed. Center family. Feb. 1895. We the people of Mt. Lebanon have for the last few days been experiencing one of the severest storms in many years. The snow continues to fall, although the wind has abated somewhat just at present. Water-works have given us more trouble than usual owing to the intense cold wave that struck our Village on Tuesday the 5th inst. the next day the mercury fell to 18 deg. below zero and our hands have been full ever since in caring for the premises. This old and blustering weather has made some of the people wish for a more genial climate even to be tormented with mosquitos and gnats and other pests incident to tropical climes. Next Thursday morning two Brethen of of the fraternity, Henry G. Hollister of Watervliet and Andrew D. Barret of Mt. Lebanon leave for Florida to make some initial preparations for a home for those who wish to migrate and we trust they will be abundantly prospered in the undertaking. General health of Society good. Timothy Hay son. North. Family. Feb. 1895. 'As the lire-fly shines only when on the wing, so it is with the human mind, when at rest it darkens.' At this time we mentally take a trip to our different communistic homes; unperceived we take a visionary peep into them, and what do we see and feel? a physical, mental and spiritual activity that seems to say, inaction brings stagnation; while workearnest, soulful work that strives ever for the highest and the best, awakens sleeping forces and eradicates evil. Are not 'the powers of the world to come' already upon us? and are we prepared to receive them? We have another cry from 'Macedonia.' The Unitarian minister of Pittsfield, nine miles distant, has again invited us to hold a meeting in his church, where we shall set forth our faith, principles and life. Regardless of that visible mountain of difficulty over which we must pass, that rears its snowwhite peak in bold defiance; and of the thermometer which now holds its own at sixteen below zero; regardless of that conservative element that clothes with the garments of self-righteousness the people of a wealthy city,we have determined to go, and preach the everlasting gospel of purity and unselfishness. How much the TERMS. 64 THE MANIFESTO. world needs such a gospel! We hold the meeting Feb. 17th. Brother Walter Shepherd, greatly loved and valued by all, leaves us to make his liome among the dear friends of Enfield, Conn. This is not a voluntary sacrifice on our part, but what is our loss will be their gain, for no one can come into the sphere of his high-toned moral and spiritual nature without being 'lifted up' also. Sunday, Feb. 3rd, our beloved Ministry attended with us a season of spiritual communion. Truly the sword of the Spirit has hewn down all the idols of self in their hearts. Their lives of sacrifice and devoted service to others, are as guiding, shining lights to all; genuine goodness can not be hid under a bushel. We have recently received a letter, from a man living in Nebraska, who, several years ago painted for this village; he writes, soliciting aid for the suffering poor of that state. He gives a heart-rending account of their condition, which is actually approaching freezing and starvation, occasioned by the failure of crops. He tells of instances where supplies have been sent to them, but unable to pay the freight required, the railroad companies retained the goods. How long must a betrayed people submit to the tyranny and greed of soulless corporations! How long will gold crush out, not only the love of God, but all human instinct! Willingly would we stretch forth our hands to help, though it may prove but a drop in the bucket. Do we not all need an awakened intelligence in these times? Annie ./'. Stephen*.