Shakers, N. Y. North Family. Feb. 1895. The increasing length of daylight which at present is quite perceptible reminds us of the approaching spring time which is advancing rapidly, crowding out old Winter with his boisterous weather. ' 'How swiftly time is passing!' Soon the seedtime will be upon us with the farmers and gardeners busily preparing the soil and sowing the seed. The Feb. Manifesto came laden with so many good essays that it is difficult to draw the line and say which is best, but we wish to thank Sister M. J. Anderson for 'Public Spirit.' To consecrate the powers of mind and body unselfishly to help those around us, satisfied with the reward of doing good is perfect service. Working in a humble sphere requires a higher development of the spiritual life than to give vast sums in a manner that draws forth the plaudits of the multitude. That there are those who are able and willing to give their life services to doing good proves to us that beneath all the selfish forces that largely dominate humanity there is a spiritual principle that will eventually evolve the Divine brother and sisterhood of the race. 'Pure religion and undented before God and the Father is this, to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction and to keep himself unspotted from the world.' It is a pleasant passtime to review the beautifully illustrated catalogues of the seedsmen as they come to our table. The luscious vegetables and beautiful flowers there displayed make one forget the winter time. To gardeners who are looking for tools best adapted for all general purposes of garden work whether hand or power we can heartily recommend the Planet Jr. goods. Having had twenty years' experience with this firm we have found them very satisfactory. A careful examination of the fruit buds of the peach up to date (Feb. 4th) proves that they are largely destroyed. The mild weather of early winter caused the buds to swell, for in a dormant state the peach can stand a lower temperature than we have yet had, safely. What a desirable thing to cultivate the habit of looking on the bright side of life. At best tribulations will come, and they are the disciplinary forces that chasten the soul for the higher life. Then 1 et patience have her perfect work. Hamilton DeGraiv.