COME TO THE JUDGMENT. (A Visionary Dream.) By Catherine Allen. I SEEMED to be in a spacious hall dedicated to religious purposes, the end of which was arranged with rising seats, facing isles which occupied the body of the room, and where were seated many Brethren and Sisters, and some not yet numbered with Believers, who had been attracted by some magnetic influence. 54 THE MANIFESTO. On the first rising seats, facing the isles, were the present Ministry and Elders of Mt. Lebanon; on either side of them were the Orders of Ministry and Elders from other branches of Ziou. Behind these, on still ascending seats were a glorified number,the spirits of departed Ministry and Elders. Among them I recognized many whom I had known as standing in the gift of the Anointed while in this life, and I realized that all with them associated, had been called as witnesses in the judgment work of souls. The appearance they presented can only be conceived by the interior sense. The collective body of Elders of themselves formed a White Throne from which the emanating aura ascended like a shining mist in a cloud above them, over which radiantly glowed the Divine presence in the light of Shekinah. The garments of this number were of a gleaming whiteness, and the atmosphere around them seemed dense with spiritual force. From each individual came forth an ethereal substance direct as shafts of light, all converging to one centre. That centre was an altar placed at the feet of the Elders, and that substance was the pure love of God; and formed the living, quenchless flame which glowed thereon. From the illuminated cloud pendent above the altar, rolled forth in mellow cadences, the richest harmony. A song unclothed with words, but strong, deep and tender in sentiment which the soul could understand. It was divinest music, which reached the innermost being with an earnest pleading to 'Come to the Judgment! Come to the Judgment! Enter the flame and be purified.' So appealing were its tones ; so rich in a love unknown to the natural miud, that it brought to me an overwhelming power of conviction, under which I felt such a sense of the 'sinfulness of sin;'such an abhorrence of its nature within my own being, that to be freed therefrom was my only concern. The thought of the privilege to be cleansed from sin, so far exceeded the fear of burning, that it was with joy intense I approached the altar. But the work could not be done in a moment. It was first to lay off all covering, and then to unfold my inner self deed by deed, thought by thought. While commencing this, I glanced upward to those above me who formed the White Throne of Judgment, and Cloud of Witnesses. Every eye was centred on the work that I was doing; but with no glance of scorn or severity, only'that of compassion and encouragement. I felt deeply humiliated in exposing to the view of those pure and exalted beings, all the deformities and miserable conditions of my fallen state. But, under the burden of sin, I felt as Mother once expressed;'I could confess before the whole wrorld.' In agony of soul I cried out:'It matters not how I appear, I am just as I am, a poor, weak child of nature. I will lay bare my condition; 1 will uncover to the deepest depths. O beloved Ones! Anointed of Christ,in mercy to my poor soul do witness for me. Turn not your gaze away lest your power cease to come, and the altar fires grow dim!' As I proceeded in the work, I experienced as never before, how potent THE MANIFESTO. 55 was the love of G-od to cast out every fear, and also realized how flimsy and vain were all the reasonings and excuses of nature to satisfy conscience, for, as soon as opened to the light, these were consumed like cobwebs, leaving only the bare motives,the soul quality in its exact meaning that had prompted each deed and word. On this occasion many were deeply exercised under the power of conviction, and sought as the greatest privilege of their lives that of accepting the invitation to 'Come to the Judgment.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.