Shaker Station, Ct. Feb. 1895. 'Let us govern our passions with absolute sway, and thus grow wiser and better as life wears away.' It is our privilege to grow purer, better, more true and loving, so let us make the most of life and its possibilities for good. Each moment of time is valuable, and now is the accepted time. The years are made up of months, weeks, days and hours and it is for us to improve them the best we know how. Pleasant and peaceful is the self-denying path and peace reigns with those who are pure. It is a great mistake not to fill up the spare minutes with something useful. While the world is advancing all around us we must not stand still. Let us cultivate the soul as well as the land, it will be a profitable investment. We must rise to higher degrees of goodness, not only to do better farm work, but to cherish better purposes of soul culture and make our influence felt for good. How much happier we become when we feel that God is shaping our lives, and we are content to let Him, just lying passive in his hands, knowing that not one more sorrow' or trial comes to us than we are able to bear, and that every cross and affliction is for our eternal good; and how much peace it brings to us if we yield our entire will to his blessed keeping. Every day brings with it many opportunities to learn truth, to shun evil, to do good, and by these means to lay a foundation for a spiritual character. 'Bank notes were first issued in China as early as the ninth century, when the art of printing was unknown in Europe.' 'Platinum has been drawn into smooth wire so fine that it could not be distinguished by the naked eye, even when stretched across a piece of white cardboard.' A good hen should pay all her expenses and three dollars besides in twelve months. uSnshine should be admitted into the poultry-house whenever possible. With fowls as with other stock, the best feeding is a generous diet regularly given. Generous feeding means generous laying. Profit is the keynote in poultry growing, and the quicker an unprofitable flock is disposed of the better. Daniel Orcutt.