Books and Papers. The Ladies' Home Journal DR. PARKHURST ON CLUBS. Dr. Paekuukst will pay his respects to clubs aud elub-life in his article in the next issue of The Ladies' Home Journal. 'I consider the club,' writes the great reformer, -'to be one of the cleverest devices of the devil to prevent homes being made, and to sterilize and undermine them when they are made.' Salvation via the Rack LATE LITERARY NEWS. Geueral Lord Wolseley makes a most im portant contribution to the literature of the China Japan war. In an article for the February Cosmopolitan, he discusses the situation and does not mince matters in saying what China must do in this emergency. Two other noted foreign authors contribute interesting articles to this number. Rosita Mauri, the famous Parisian danseuse, gives the history of the ballet, and Emile Ollivier tells the story of the fall of Louis Philippe. From every part of the world, drawings and photographs have been obtained of the instruments used to torture poor humanity, and appear as illustrations for a clever article, by Julian Haw; thorne, entitled, 'Salvation via the Rack.' Mrs. Reginald de Koven, Anatole France' W. Clark Russell, Albion W. Tourgee, and William Dean Howells are among the story tellers for the February number of The Cosmopolitan. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy; Feb! Contents. Primary Facts for Doctors; Phren ology; Anti-Vaccination; A public Benefactor; The Cowpox Merry go Round; Cow Tuberculosis Retrospective and Prospective; Letters from Absent Friends, etc., etc. Dr. T: V. Gifford, Kokomo, lud. In the 'Anti-Infidel Library' Xo 43, we have a very interesting Lecture by H. L. Hastings, that has been delivered in London, Eng. as well as in America. When a man gives his life to a worthy cause, with an unflinching purpose of doing good to humanity, he not only makes himself the friend of man, but also becomes the friend of God. The little work before me is illuminated by the genial spirit of the writer, ami he has no hesitancy in te 1ing how to meet the objections of the skeptics. Get the book and read it, and you will have learned many good and profitable lesson. Address H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for February more than fulfills the promises made in the January number. In variety, solidity and attractiveness of matter, as well as typography, it is thoroughly up to date. The Hon. John W. Goff is the subject of the opening phrenograph from a personal examination, by the editor, Dr. Edgar C. Beall. As the new Recorder of New York is a figure of national interest this desciption of him will attract wide attention. A Psychological incident, by Jessie M. Holland, will appeal strongly to lovers of occult phenomena. Prof. Nelson Sizer gives a fine phreno-biological account of the late distinguished Prof. John S. Newberry, and contributes also six pages of excellent illustrated matter to the Child Culture department. Mrs. Charlotte F. Wells sketches the career of the eminent Spanish phrenologist, Don Cubi I. Soler. Spurzheim as Organizer and Teacher, by Dr. H. S. Drayton, is valuable phrenological history. The departments of Hygiene and Anthropology contain the usual variety. Character sketches from personal examinations, of Em ma Goldman and Marie Louise, two wellknown anarchists of New York, with portraits form one of the striking features in this issue. How to Prevent Dishonesty in Banks (illustrated,) with a lesson in the physiognomy of the eye, with two beautiful drawings, are among the leading editorials.