NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. January. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1894. 25.52 % in. 27 in. 1895. 23.36 % ' 15 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 52 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 10 below' Number of rainy days ' ' 4 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 8 ' ' clear ' ' ' 10 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 9 C. G. Reed. Center family. Feb. 1895. We the people of Mt. Lebanon have for the last few days been experiencing one of the severest storms in many years. The snow continues to fall, although the wind has abated somewhat just at present. Water-works have given us more trouble than usual owing to the intense cold wave that struck our Village on Tuesday the 5th inst. the next day the mercury fell to 18 deg. below zero and our hands have been full ever since in caring for the premises. This old and blustering weather has made some of the people wish for a more genial climate even to be tormented with mosquitos and gnats and other pests incident to tropical climes. Next Thursday morning two Brethen of of the fraternity, Henry G. Hollister of Watervliet and Andrew D. Barret of Mt. Lebanon leave for Florida to make some initial preparations for a home for those who wish to migrate and we trust they will be abundantly prospered in the undertaking. General health of Society good. Timothy Hay son. North. Family. Feb. 1895. 'As the lire-fly shines only when on the wing, so it is with the human mind, when at rest it darkens.' At this time we mentally take a trip to our different communistic homes; unperceived we take a visionary peep into them, and what do we see and feel? a physical, mental and spiritual activity that seems to say, inaction brings stagnation; while workearnest, soulful work that strives ever for the highest and the best, awakens sleeping forces and eradicates evil. Are not 'the powers of the world to come' already upon us? and are we prepared to receive them? We have another cry from 'Macedonia.' The Unitarian minister of Pittsfield, nine miles distant, has again invited us to hold a meeting in his church, where we shall set forth our faith, principles and life. Regardless of that visible mountain of difficulty over which we must pass, that rears its snowwhite peak in bold defiance; and of the thermometer which now holds its own at sixteen below zero; regardless of that conservative element that clothes with the garments of self-righteousness the people of a wealthy city,we have determined to go, and preach the everlasting gospel of purity and unselfishness. How much the TERMS. 64 THE MANIFESTO. world needs such a gospel! We hold the meeting Feb. 17th. Brother Walter Shepherd, greatly loved and valued by all, leaves us to make his liome among the dear friends of Enfield, Conn. This is not a voluntary sacrifice on our part, but what is our loss will be their gain, for no one can come into the sphere of his high-toned moral and spiritual nature without being 'lifted up' also. Sunday, Feb. 3rd, our beloved Ministry attended with us a season of spiritual communion. Truly the sword of the Spirit has hewn down all the idols of self in their hearts. Their lives of sacrifice and devoted service to others, are as guiding, shining lights to all; genuine goodness can not be hid under a bushel. We have recently received a letter, from a man living in Nebraska, who, several years ago painted for this village; he writes, soliciting aid for the suffering poor of that state. He gives a heart-rending account of their condition, which is actually approaching freezing and starvation, occasioned by the failure of crops. He tells of instances where supplies have been sent to them, but unable to pay the freight required, the railroad companies retained the goods. How long must a betrayed people submit to the tyranny and greed of soulless corporations! How long will gold crush out, not only the love of God, but all human instinct! Willingly would we stretch forth our hands to help, though it may prove but a drop in the bucket. Do we not all need an awakened intelligence in these times? Annie ./'. Stephen*. Shakers, N. Y. North Family. Feb. 1895. The increasing length of daylight which at present is quite perceptible reminds us of the approaching spring time which is advancing rapidly, crowding out old Winter with his boisterous weather. ' 'How swiftly time is passing!' Soon the seedtime will be upon us with the farmers and gardeners busily preparing the soil and sowing the seed. The Feb. Manifesto came laden with so many good essays that it is difficult to draw the line and say which is best, but we wish to thank Sister M. J. Anderson for 'Public Spirit.' To consecrate the powers of mind and body unselfishly to help those around us, satisfied with the reward of doing good is perfect service. Working in a humble sphere requires a higher development of the spiritual life than to give vast sums in a manner that draws forth the plaudits of the multitude. That there are those who are able and willing to give their life services to doing good proves to us that beneath all the selfish forces that largely dominate humanity there is a spiritual principle that will eventually evolve the Divine brother and sisterhood of the race. 'Pure religion and undented before God and the Father is this, to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction and to keep himself unspotted from the world.' It is a pleasant passtime to review the beautifully illustrated catalogues of the seedsmen as they come to our table. The luscious vegetables and beautiful flowers there displayed make one forget the winter time. To gardeners who are looking for tools best adapted for all general purposes of garden work whether hand or power we can heartily recommend the Planet Jr. goods. Having had twenty years' experience with this firm we have found them very satisfactory. A careful examination of the fruit buds of the peach up to date (Feb. 4th) proves that they are largely destroyed. The mild weather of early winter caused the buds to swell, for in a dormant state the peach can stand a lower temperature than we have yet had, safely. What a desirable thing to cultivate the habit of looking on the bright side of life. At best tribulations will come, and they are the disciplinary forces that chasten the soul for the higher life. Then 1 et patience have her perfect work. Hamilton DeGraiv. Shaker Station, Ct. Feb. 1895. 'Let us govern our passions with absolute sway, and thus grow wiser and better as life wears away.' It is our privilege to grow purer, better, more true and loving, so let us make the most of life and its possibilities for good. Each moment of time is valuable, and now is the accepted time. The years are made up of months, weeks, days and hours and it is for us to improve them the best we know how. Pleasant and peaceful is the self-denying path and peace reigns with those who are pure. It is a great mistake not to fill up the spare minutes with something useful. While the world is advancing all around us we must not stand still. Let us cultivate the soul as well as the land, it will be a profitable investment. We must rise to higher degrees of goodness, not only to do better farm work, but to cherish better purposes of soul culture and make our influence felt for good. How much happier we become when we feel that God is shaping our lives, and we are content to let Him, just lying passive in his hands, knowing that not one more sorrow' or trial comes to us than we are able to bear, and that every cross and affliction is for our eternal good; and how much peace it brings to us if we yield our entire will to his blessed keeping. Every day brings with it many opportunities to learn truth, to shun evil, to do good, and by these means to lay a foundation for a spiritual character. 'Bank notes were first issued in China as early as the ninth century, when the art of printing was unknown in Europe.' 'Platinum has been drawn into smooth wire so fine that it could not be distinguished by the naked eye, even when stretched across a piece of white cardboard.' A good hen should pay all her expenses and three dollars besides in twelve months. uSnshine should be admitted into the poultry-house whenever possible. With fowls as with other stock, the best feeding is a generous diet regularly given. Generous feeding means generous laying. Profit is the keynote in poultry growing, and the quicker an unprofitable flock is disposed of the better. Daniel Orcutt. Harvard, Mass. Feb. 1895. The first of this month is the coldest weather we have experienced this season. To-day the Oth the most blustering, mercury 14 below 0. According to prognosticators this is to be the coldest and most stormy month. So far the mercury has hovered around 0 most of the time. But if all without is secure, and our hearts are warm with Christian love and charity, what matters the storm? only that the poor and destitute must suffer. This touches the heart of every sympathetic Christian. Then there are those who 'go down to sea in ships.' What must their sufferings be in such storms? But would there be as much suffering, if fathers would cease robbing their homes to obtain that key which unlocks the doors to destitution and misery? HowT much better that our abodes should be opened by that key that unlocks the gates of paradise. Sleighing excellent, which the farmers delight to improve in logging. Our aged people endure the inclemency of our rough New England winter very well. No illness in Society at present, and hope we may live so wisely and be so protected that all may be well with us. We remember all our sister Societies and pray God to bless and prosper them. Mar da M. Bullard. Shirley, Mass. Feb. 1895. These are days to be remembered. February Oth, the thermometer marked 15 below zero. Yesterday the 7th the weather moderated somewhat, so that we THE MANIFESTO. could have an old-fashioned snow-storm this a. m., the 8th, which has made it very difficult to get about in any shape. The snow-plow was heard go by on the R. E. a short time since, proving that we are not entirely shut off from communication with our gospel friends in particular, or the outside world in general. There seems to be a great correspondence in all the elementsnatural, spiritual, physical, social, moral and political, and what shall the end of all these things be? Where are the Wise Men to tell us? on whom we can rely! Loud-mouthed demagogues are plenty is there any better way, than to so live, that we can justly claim^ a right to the promises of God, applicable to the order in which we are called. They are many and cheering, amid all the changing scenes and storms of life, and we seem to have need of all the courage and energy they are calculated to inspire. May we not fail in the day of trial. We are enjoying a good degree of health generally. Next winter's wood well under way so that when spring opens(as it soon will) we shall not be far behind, at least. We are glad to hear the good words that come to us from month to month in The Manifesto, or in other ways, and desire to have our love and prayers mingle with those of our gospel relation, so they may arise as grateful incense before our Heavenly Father and Mother, and the Hosts of Heaven, whom it is our ambition to join, when earth's labors and sorrows are ended. With some of us, the time can not long be delayed, but we intend to keep our armor bright, and 'never give up the ship.' John Wliiteley. East Canterbury N. H. Feb. 1895. Since our last we have secured the ice harvest which is thought by some persons to be one of the important things of the season. Not less than 103 tons was securely packed in the ice-house, and this of excellent quality and not less than sixteen inches in thickness. At the present time there is a great scarcity of water in this part of New Hampshire and some farmers are obliged to drive their stock not less than half a mile to procure the much needed supply. Our reservoirs have failed us and we are really suffering from a water famine. All that is used for domestic purposes must be pumped from the wells and carried in pails to all places where it may be wanted. As all our Laundry work and our machinery for knitting and for printing are dependent upon steam power, we are forced to shut down and wait patiently till the arrival of a few warmer days, as the melting of snow and ice does not progress very rapidly when the mercury is 16 deg. below zero. The water for some one hundred head of cattle is hauled from a pond at a distance of about one half a mile and after being turned into the trough is warmed by a very curious stove that is placed in the trough, mostly under water. All the water that the cows drink through the winter is warmed in this manner, and the herdsmen consider this arrangement a very valuable acquisition. The 100 tons of ensilage is not quite all gone, as it has been used very sparingly the past month, and only fed to special animals. Fiftynine gallons of milk from a herd of twenty-three cows is carried to the dairy each day. We have had nearly a week in which to study the freaks of the blizzard. The wind whirling around the buildings, trees and fences, piled the snow into huge drifts and for several days made all traveling a matter of much anxiety. II. C. Blinn. Enfield, N. H. Feb. 1895. Oh! for a thaw! Scarcity of water for power purposes, makes us fearful of a ack for domestic use. We have had no 66 THE MANIFESTO. G7 thaws nor any rain for two months and everything is either dried or frozen up. Mascoma Lake is five feet below the top of the dam, which is as low as it can be drawn. We are glad that it happens in winter, as the same conditions in warm weather might be dangerous to health. The zero weather has made bad work with the water pipes, as well as large holes in the woodpile. Last month we sent a small donation of clothing to the sufferers in Nebraska.. We are glad to see The Manifesto is still flourishing and full of good things. We wonder though, sometimes, where some of the old contributors are. We appreciate every new one however. Long live The Manifesto! G. IT. Kirklei/. Alfred., Me. Feb. 1895. Time well improved does not move with 'leaden wings.' We were so busy at the time that Home Notes should have been written that the day passed by before we were aware of it. It is true there was not much to write about. We have completed the ice-harvest and the wood-pile in the door yard is steadily growing larger. The weather is very mild. Candlemas day was overcast, with no sun to make a shadow for the badger or woodchuck to scare him back into his hole and according to the good old sign the worst of the winter had passed. But we have to learn that all signs fail sometimes as this one did. Tuesday the 4th was a stormy day and Wednesday was stormy, more stormy, most stormy, with the ther. at 16 below zero in the morning, 7 deg. at noon and 8 deg. at evening, with a wind that could well be called a blizzard. Fires in some of the cellars became necessary to save vegetables1. After reading the accounts in the papers we still think Maine a good place to live. We can hardly say as they do at the North family, Mt. Lebanon, that we have been free from colds because we are not strictly vegetarians, although we yet hope to be. No one has been confined to the house long. Our term of school, 14 weeks, will soon close. The change from the district to the town system adds somewhat to our school term. Our Ministry go to New Gloucester the 15th inst., having tarried with us eight weeks. May health and prosperity attend them. Let not the standard be lowered, but preach the gospel proclaimed by the Christ and Mother Ann Lee, which will save to the uttermost all who obey. Fannie Casey., South. Union, Ky. Feb. 1895. He said to the snow, be thou on the eai'th,and here it is in beautiful white, covering the earth for more than a week, and keeping it warm from many a chilling blast: sent by Boreas from his arctic home. Such a change in climate is delightful when accompanied by a clear, blue sky, and a calm, still atmosphere. It is so agreeable to have a universe of sky and snow, once or twice in a decade of years. Frost and snow kills many a deadly germ in the soil and atmosphere; and while it purifies the one, it fertilizes the other, a gift and provision of nature for the welfare of the human race who are made in the image and likeness of their Creator. The health of our Society is reasonably good, for it could not well help being otherwise, being endowed as we are with a full supply of muscular energy, a force which is very useful in many an occupation. Now as some of our eastern Brethren are out prospecting for a more genial, climate and fertile soil than they possess in their northern homes, let them not forget to give our zone a thorough examination and blend their mental culture with our muscular energy, and we will have a Society that will be a beacon upon a hill. James Carr. 68 THE MANIFESTO. [The following article was received from our beloved Elder Watson too late for insertion in the January Manifesto, tout we take pleasure in receiving even this notice. The dear Elder at the present time is suffering from loss of sight to that extent that he is unable to read what he has written. Ed.]