EFFECTIVE SOUL LABOR. By Mabel E. Lane. IT has been said that the divine attributes of God-Love, Truth, Charity, Mercy and Justice are in all men and women, either in the germinal form or in different stages of development and are destined to give power over every form of evil. The chain of error which so often confines the soul in a dark prison can only be broken by the force of divine goodness and only when the soul is released, can it breathe the clear atmosphere of heaven and behold the beauty and glory of God. It is impossible to attain the heights of holiness and perfection, without first passing through the trial and experience which serves to eliminate from our character all that hinders our spiritual progress. 58 THE MANIFESTO. The tiny rivulet courses down the mountain side, meanders through meadows, ripples through valleys and joins a broader stream which will carry it to the boundless sea ; so the flow of pure thought and action broadens into the river of soulful life, whose current is ever flowing on to the ocean of perfect attainment. The ways of human nature are subtle and so often the king of Wrong usurps control of the heart and rules with his cruel scepter, that it is necessary to become strong and valiant for the right, to be clothed in an armor of purity that no earthly power may penetrate to harm or destroy the good. We can not enter the beautiful temple of righteousness, kneel before its sacred altar and receive the holy unction from heaven, without first passing through long avenues which lead away from centers of selfishness where we keep our cherished idols. Although there may be many doors and windows in the house of God, yet the entrance through which every one must pass is the lowly gateway of humility. How often sentiments from elevated minds inspire us to higher motives and aspirations, they seem to add rich harmony which not only blends with the simple melody of the soul but its vibration thrills the whole being with ecstasy, touching chords which have hitherto been silent, or they are like threads on which we may string our purest pearlsthe best thoughts and highest motives of the soul. 'Ideals are the world's masters. That self which thinks, judges and knows is always in advance of that other self which wills, acts and lives ; and all the spare capital of the soul, all that is not appropriated to the daily uses and experiences of its life, is invested in ideals, projected into forms where it may be kept, contemplated and worshiped, as the instituted sources of inspiration,' and lead us nearer to God. How often these ideals gleam and wave before our inner sight, yet for want of true moral courage and diligence we fail to reach them and embody them in our lives. No achievement is wrought without patience, the jeweled talisman which generally brings success. It is said of the silver-leafed poplar that it grows in one decade but dies in the next, while the sturdy oak requires a century to attain its full growth and then lives and dies at leisure. Is it not measurably so with human life ? Good which is gained spontaneously may not always be of enduring worth, but virtue attained by self-mastery is lasting and will not pass away. 'The crutch of time eventuallv does more than the club of Hercules.' It is only by degrees that we can receive the unfolding truth, thus bring the spiritual nature into oneness with God. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.