HISTORY OF SOUTH UNION, KY. NO. 17. AY 13. 1863. A company of fifty Confederate cavalry come dashing across the railroad not far from our buildings. The frightened Brethren hastily unhitched their horses from the ploughs and wagons and rode away, either to tell the story of a guerilla fight or to find for themselves a place of safety. The Confederates soon formed in line of battle on the north of the railroad, while several persons were engaged in placing a heavy fence rail under the iron rail on one side and on the rail on the opposite side. Soon the train came rolling along under the charge of the Federals. Several of the Brethren and neighbors tried in vain to give warning to the engineer. The men in line of battle by the side of the track, and the obstructions were soon discovered, however, and the brakes were put on, but not soon enough to stop the cars. As the train moved slowly along it was very fortunate that the cow-catcher caught under the wooden rail and threw it around, without stopping the passage of the cars. So soon as the cars were near enough the guerillas fired into them, which was immediately returned by a squad of Federals who were on the train. This sudden outburst resulted in the death of a, young southern soldier, a ball having struck him in the region of the heart. His horse carried him some forty yards from the scene of action before he fell. One beautiful horse was also wounded. On the Federal side no one was either killed or wounded. In about an hour after the fight, a company of fifty Federal cavalry were MARCH, 50 THE MANIFESTO. in hot pursuit of the flying guerillas. One soldier swinging his hat in the air, cried out that he had sent three rebels to glory. Capt. Johnson does not approve of our making a coffin for the young man who was killed, but says he ought to be hung up where the crows could eat him. We do not conclude to heed this advice but make a plain coffin, and place the body in it as best we can. It is then taken to Russellville for interment. Thus ended this scene of blood which for a short time caused quite an excitement among the peace-loving members of our little village. May 14. General Order No 18, is issued from head-quarters U. S. forces at Russellville, Ky., and is placed in the Post Office : 'All male citizens of Logan Co., who have not taken the oath, are required to report at the Provost Marshal's office in the town of Russellville, on or before the 1st day of June next, and take the oath of allegiance to the U. S. Government. Any one failing to comply with this order will be at once arrested and sent south of the .Federal lines not to return again during the rebellion under penalty of death.' (signed) Brig. Gen'l Shackelford. Two Brethren, as a committee foi the Society, go to remonstrate against taking the oath, which might be construed to force us to take up arms in case of seeming necessity. Gen'l Shackelford being absent, Lieut. Holloway said we could return to our home and wait the return of the general, and if they wished us to take the oath, some one would visit us. On the return of the general he wrote to us, saying, 'You will not be requested to take the oath.' So it is that the Lord hath a care for his people. [ We copy in this place a letter ivritten to the President of the TJ. S. on the 16th of Aug. 1863. Ed. ] To the Honorable Abraham Lincoln, President oe the U. S. Kind Friend;'Strike, but hear.' The armies of the south, like a great prairie fire swept over this part of Ky. in the fall and winter of 1861, licking up the substance of the land. We were humbled before its power and for many months remained the quiet subjects of the Confederate Government, obeying all its behests save one which nobly and generously they permitted us to disregard, and that was, to take up arms in their behalf. They encamped for days, as many as a thousand at a time, in our lots and occupied our buildings. We chopped and hauled wood for their camp fires and slaughtered our animals for their commissariat, and at all hours in the night we were compelled to furnish food for hundreds at a time. They pressed all our wagons and horses of value for army purposes; but for these they paid a moderate price in Confederate scrip. It was then we prayed earnestly, '0 Lord, who art Almighty ? if it be thy will, deliver us from our enemies.' THE MANIFESTO. 51 The worst of whom were our elated and high-headed neighbors. This, our prayer was partially answered, when your loud ordinance was heard, to open on Bowling Green, fourteen miles noith east of this place. Since that time, we have suffered much from the ebb and flow of the tide of war, until a good part of what the fire left, the merciless and surging billows have in their turn swept away so that we have been left, as it were, writhing sometimes under the heel of one power and sometimes another. Your armies have visited us from a small squad, to five or six thousand at a time. Our barns were cheerfully relieved of their contents, our fences turned into camp fires, (for these we have been paid by you) but gratuitously have we furnished food for thousands of your men. Of this we complain not. To our uniform kindness, (if we must say it,) all your armies that have passed us, all your hospitals within our reach, all your post surgeons and commanders can bear witness. When your supplies were cut off at Green River, your officers pressed our sugar for hospital purposes, our cellars disgorged themselves of nearly a thousand dollars worth, for which so far, on account of some informality, we have striven in vain to obtain one cent of remuneration. We state these things now, not by way of complaint, but merely as grounds, (coming to your knowledge) on which we may rest a hope that we may be treated on the sensitive point, with as much lenity and as much justice, as we were by the Confederates while we were subjects of their government. Is it impossible that ones friends can be as tolerant, as just and generous as their enemies ? Must our prayers be reversed, and we cry to the Lord to be delivered from our friends? After we have uncomplainingly borne until we can scarcely bear longer? Must we receive from our friends 'the most unkindest cut of all,' besides the derision, jeers and mocks of our enemies? Shall the main support of one hundred and fifty women, children and invalids be taken from them? Must this, indeed, be added to our yet untold sufferings? Heaven grant it may not be. We have yet in our Society about twenty-four young men between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years, a majority of whom would be capable of doing some kind of service in the Federal army, but who are the main support of the women, children and invalids above mentioned, a number of whom will not shoulder a musket, nor bear about their persons the weapons of war, who having been taught from infancy to love, and not to fight their enemies, would sooner lay down their own lives than to aid, even remotely, in taking that of another. If this was respected by the Confederate government, can it be ignored by the Federal ? It is to be hoped not. Were it possible to convince us that we could love a man and shoot him at the same time(!)we could hardly spare either the numbers or the few thousand dollars demanded in lieu of them. Add to this the serious fact that these young men, through us their leaders, have pledged themselves (we do not swear) not to fight against the 52 THE MANIFESTO. Confederate government. Must we be compelled to violate this pledge? Certainly not; still, as long as we are able, we will 'feed the hungry and clothe the naked,' as an act of humanity and Christian duty, but not for the purpose of supporting war, but will cheerfully 'render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's and unto,God, the things that are God's.' We are aware that you are oppressed and harassed on all sides and deeply do we sympathize with you and therefore make our words few. If you can not exempt all the Shakers in the north, who have scarcely felt the war, never having witnessed your marshaled hosts nor the desolating and deathly tread of an army,Is it selfish in us to claim that our pledges, our losses and our sufferings, and that in the midst of your enemies, demands that our Society in Ky. should be the object of your commiseration and fostering care? Or can it be God's will, that after having been spared by our enemies, wre shall be blotted from the earth by our friends? Surely not. To take the young men of our home to sure demoralization and slaughter or further wrest from us our means of support, with all that has been done, would seem cruel. Our principles are above conditions. There is not money enough in the vaults of the nation to buy them nor to induce one truly honest Shaker to engage in any war against his fellow man. We do not expect that absolute equality of burden is attainable in the present condition of things, only an approximation toward it; but where it can be, it should be. We ask for simple justice, nothing more,hardly that. We look upon you as not only the friend of humanity and the rights of man, but as the chosen instrument of God, in this time of the nation's peril. But the instrument of God dares to do right. Now that our young men are threatened with enrollment and draft, and are only held (some of them) by their friends, from crossing the Tennessee line,we ask and feel almost certain you will, from the foregoing consideration, grant exemptions from draft the few young persons of our Community, on whom so much depends, seeing especially that each one has more to do for the support of others, than the only son of a widow, now by law exempt. With what ease you can render us the simple justice for which we pray, and enable us to hold within our sacred precincts these of whom we shall shortly be bereft if wre 'find not favor in thy sight.' Only tell us at the earliest possible moment, consistent with your other duties, that you will release them. You will then have done for us a favor equal to all the losses we have sustained and will receive the cordial and heart-felt thanks of a grateful Community. We will not wreary you more, but humbly wait and hope and pray. We are sincerely, Your friends, To the Honorable Abraham Lincoln, John N. Rankin President of the United States, II. L. Eads, Leaders of the SociWashington, D. C. ety of Shakers at So.. Union, Ky. (To he continued.)