Union Village, O. Jan. 1895. With the New Year comes our Society Monthly. It is always rich in sentiments and this number especially, bringing the glow of fraternal love and gospel union, so pleasant in this holiday season and so warmly expressed particularly in the 'Home Notes.' Realizing this seems to suggest this word of counsel. 'Go thou and do likewise,' as every additional brand though ever so small, adds to the genial warmth. Hence, these few lines of home, comforts our dear gospel relation. 'O how I love those precious gifts That flow in our communion Though times may change, we are not left, We still support our union.' Ours is a farmer's home depending upon seed-time and harvest for our temporal support, which during the past season have been quite good and the drought has seemed to effect our crops less than it has some of the farms about us. Our garden, however, has suffered very severely, from which we harvested about 200 bushels of quite good potatoes. The past season was mild and remarkably pleasant until about the 10th of January, when the mercury went down to zero and one morning to 10 deg. below, and with but little snow on the ground. We shipped 50 hogs to market a few days since, weighing in the aggregate 13200 lbs. We also had 4000 bu. corn, 3650 bu. of small grain, 75 tons of hay, 40 cattle and 144 swine. Wishing all contributors to this department and all whom they love a realization of the kind wishes so warmly expressed, for the holiday season, we would tender a like greeting of gospel love and fraternal sympathy. February came in fair but cool. Woodchuck day was unusually bright all day. The children seem to think that if the sleeper came out at all, he must have gone back to his hole under the conviction that he had better stay there a few weeks longer We are having a remarkably long season of cold weather, the thermometer touching zero and then up to 20 degrees. Brethren are busy preparing the fire-wood. There is but little manufacturing done in the Society, except shoemaking. This is conducted by our good Elder Thomas Mann. We have two inches of snow. Watson Andrews.