Correspondence. Dear Manifesto:--My first letter... Watervliet, Ohio. Jan. 1, 1895. Dear Manifesto :My first letter of this new year shall be devoted to you. Will beloved Elder Henry Blinn and the readers of your esteemed pages, kindly accept the love and compliments of the season, from the members of our little household of faith dwelling here? A happy new year to all who love and live Mother's gospel. By this same mail I enclose you a copy of a small tract on 'Pork, or the Dangers of Pork-eating Exposed.' It proves that pork is unfit for human food and refutes the various apologies offered for pork-eating. I should like to know whether it merits your approval. If it does, and you should care to recommend the tract, it can be had of the Pacific Press Publishing Co., Oakland, Cal.' The cost is merely nominal, a cent or two a copy. As far as I know, the world has ceased its active persecution of Believers in Christ's Second Appearing, but having ourselves suffered in the past, we ought to know how to sympathize with all honest people who are suffering persecution now for conscience sake. From Seventh Day Advent friends and from the newspapers, it is painful to learn of bitter persecution of inoffensive 'Bible Christians' by their fellow Protestants in America and Europe and in far off Australia as well. Religious intolerance and persecution are the marks of the beast. The Protestant reformers ate sour grapes, and their children's teeth are set on edge to this day. These persecuted seventh-day keepers have formed an association having branches in this country, and Canada, and England, and Switzerland, and Australia. The following is its platform. DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submitting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. 56 THE MANIFESTO. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the inestimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. Is there a true Believer in our own Society who would be unwilling to endorse this declaration? I am persuaded that there is none. Surely, those possessing the spirit of Christ, could unite with secularists and all upright men on the last three articles of this declaration. Shall pious ears never cease to be offended by such self-contradictory expressions as a Christian nation, begetting Christian offspring, the American Sabbath and the like? In the venerated Bro. Hollister's Shaker Catechism, I have found a perfect treasure. Many have felt the need of such a work. Selections from it are being read here to the Community. Our good Elder intends to order several copies for general use, but sad to state, the 'filthy lucre' is somewhat scarce at present; but we are living in hopes of better times. Eldress Hester broke her arm some six weeks since, but is recovering fairly considering her age. The feast of Jesus' nativity has been celebrated with much joy and Christian hilarity by both our families. Meetings well attended and love and blessings mutually exchanged. May the grace of our Lord and Mother's love be with us all. Sincerely yours, Bernard E. Harding.