FLORIDA. By Henry C. Blinn. A lettkk from the Brethren of Mt. Lebanon, states that the Societies of Mt. Lebanon and Watervliet have purchased some 4400 acres of land in Osceola County, near alligator lake. The property is now being fenced in and we hope in the near future a residence may be built and a family of Shakers engaged in tilling the land. Until then we may not know fully, either of the land or climate. At present the reports are very diverse. Some think they can grow all kinds of fruits and vegetables, while others say that the number is very limited. Br. Alonzo Hollister who is in touch with the Koreshan colony on Estero Creek, writes that they 'had on December 25 th, string beans, green peas, onions, radishes and sweet potatoes fresh from the garden, and time enough to plant again and have another good crop. They also have fish, clams, oysters, honey and chickens.' Another writer who has been a resident in Florida for several years says 'they have flies, fleas, mosquitos and snakes. That there is but little fertility in the soil. You can not raise a hill of beans without fertilizing. We have no grass on which to pasture horses and cattle. It will not grow as the sun is too hot and burns it up.' What a wonderful margin all these views give us for conjecture. It may be about Florida as it was about the land of Canaan. The company that Moses sent on a tour of inspection did not all see exactly alike, and while some reported favorably, the others did not. The land owners in the state of Florida may sometimes be influenced to see quite differently from a disinterested person and hence, the conflicting statements of honest, honorable men. This writer also says that he has not eaten an ear of green corn since he entered the state, and he has been a resident ten years. 'The corn will not grow in Florida.' By and by we shall understand more fully all the ins and outs of the 'Land of Flowers' and then may write of Florida as it really is. Since writing the above we have received the 'Florida Times Union'1 with a request that we notice the letter of John H. Wei-sh, having reference, to the cold wave that passed over Florida in December last. He says, 'I have talked with five of the most extensive orange growers in the state. One whose orange crop is 50,000 boxes. 'We lost the greater part of our oranges, but I do not think we will lose any bearing trees.' Another says, 'I will lose considerable tops, but no trees. One thinks he will lose 20 per. cent in trees and fruit. The actual loss has fallen upon owners of young trees and nursery-men. 'The loss on lemons was larger than on oranges, but I do not believe many trees are absolutely killed. Quite a number of the planters say that their loss will be slight. I am frequently asked by northern farmers looking to Florida as a home; What can you raise in Florida besides oranges? To this I make answer, one of my neighbors, Mr. Benjamin Sutton tells me he cleared, the past season, on strawberries at the rate of $400 per acre. Another raised (&gt;40 bushels of sweet pototoes per acre. Florida grows practically everything grown in the United States, and is the natural home of the industrious agriculturist.' A writer from Thonoto- 70 THE MANIFESTO. sassa, says that 'the orange trees are sprouting out and in a few days will be green. Just how bad the young trees are hurt, can not be told yet.' A writer in Eustis says,'Vegetables are coming in again, and doing well. If frost will only keep off, truckers may be happy yet.' Eustis is in Lake Co. and may be some 160 miles below Jacksonville. But as the frost fingers have already touched the dear friends at Estero Creek, in Lee County, it may be difficult to escape its presence in any other part of the state. East Canterbury, N. H.