'LEARN OF ME.' WHEN the Teacher began his mission of 'good will,' he early taught those who were anxious to follow him, that the first and essential requisite for their spiritual success was their obedience to God's light in the soul. He, at once, impressed this fact upon their minds, 'I am the Light,' Then came the lesson upon which their hope and ultimate victory must rest, and which was,'Learn of Me.' The disciples who had been up to this date, a class of devout Jews according to the Mosaic Law, wrere now meeting something that claimed their closest attention. Moses the Law-giver had been the Savior of Israel. He had freed them from the bondage of the Egyptians and directed them safely to the 'Land of Promise.' Through many generations he had been their inspired teacher and all that was necessary to be known for their present protection or for their future success over all their enemies, they were assured had been faithfully arranged for all time to come. Suddenly there appears among them one who teaches lessons of peace and good-will to all men. Moses had instructed his people to love their friends but to hate their enemies, and to hate ones enemies is quite like doing all that may be done to injure them, even to the destroying of life. The disciples who were full of Jewish revenge, were ready at an early date to impart this information to Jesus as a reminder that he was trespassing upon the privileges which had been granted to them. Jesus understood perfectly well all that preceded him, but his mission was in advance of that of Moses. Times had changed and where one had taught a hatred toward an enemy, the other was now teaching them to love their enemies. If they had fulfilled the Law in their lives, they would be justified by the Law, but if any one wishes, said Jesus, to be my disciple he must'Learn of Me.' A new way is now being established and this must claim present attention. All the crooked ways of man must be abandoned and strait paths must be made suitable for the Lord to walk in, and this strait path would be equally as good for man to walk in. No more hating those whom we called enemies. No more deceptive weights and measures while buying or selling. The pupil can not be of special credit to his Teacher unless he profits by the lessons that are imparted. Although they may include in their illustrations the whole life of man, they must not only aid him to do his whole duty to humanity, but also elevate him to that position that he THE MANIFESTO. 61 may witness the'glorious light beyond, and in this'exalt the Lord our God,' for Zion's sake, although it may be at 'the cost of our life.' In this rests our hope of success. 'Learn of Me.' And what have we learaed, as messengers, who are called to bear a light to those who are wandering in the 'broad way.' Just note this simple lesson and mark the progress. 'Be not over-anxious,' said Jesus, 'what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink.' There were many things, seemingly, of far more consequence that should be done in the interest of humanity, than to be over-anxious and give so much thought to the pleasures of appetite. The learning of a lesson implies much more than the committing of it to memory. It must be absorbed into the very life principle, if it is to become an active worker in the interest of others. As faulty as Christianity may be in many respects, it is a growing good in the world, and in many instances has ascended quite above the general mass of humanity, even though a close application to the voice of the Teacher has not been carefully heeded. This may and will be demanded to give an assurance of harmony with the spirit of God, and so allow them to be called the children of God. If the darkness has been partially dispelled, we may begin to run our heavenly race and not become weary, and we may walk and not faint. If we can be so fortunate while on this pilgrimage as to be learning the great lessons of the Teacher, our time may not have been spent in vain. This education must include all that is for the moral and spiritual good of mankind. To fail in this is to fail in the direct object of our mission, and to become a class of angular. Christians wIid are more concerned about some religious formula or some outward observation, than we are about our own personal discipline. In connection with this too much care can not be exercised over the language that we use from day to day. Not only profane and obscene words should be avoided, but words that influence toward that which is profane or even vulgar. A Christian who indulges in carelessness of speech must be making a sorry use of his privilege. This care should extend not only to man, but with equal care toward all of God's creation. Not even a horse or a dog should be forced to hear unchristian words from a Christian mind. In this way the lessons of the Teacher may be wrought out for the good of the many, and the light that has been received from God be made to shine on the pathway of many a weary pilgrim.