A SHAKER'S TESTIMONY AGAINST WAR. By Thomas J. Stroud. I AM unable to see how it can admit of an argument that, as disciples of the Prince of Peace, we can not fight or commit any act of violence. The Christian does not worship or even respect 'the God of battles ;' in fact, the true Christian is a great deal better than such a God. We are not discussing questions of public policy by worldly-minded politicians, but we are representing the teachings of Christ. As a question of public policy, behold what the war spirit has done for Europe. Its manhood is kept from the pursuits of peace by military exactions; the public treasure is expended on its armies and navies until several of the greatest military nations are on the verge of bankruptcy, and all the people of Europe are .galled and nearly overwhelmed by excessive taxation. Supposing it were possible for the nations of Europe to do away with their armaments and to live in peace with each other, would they not manifestly be in a much happier condition ? It is to be regretted that the government of this country is expending public money on military and naval armaments, and that the military spirit is being encouraged by drilling pupils in high schools and churches. If the people of this country desire the blessing of the God of love they should cultivate the art of peace. The founder of our faith, Mother Ann Lee, received her revelation in England, and came to this country in the time of the Revolution. She had been driven from England on account of her testimony,that the Christian religion was one of peace, and a life of virtue was the only Christian life. When she came to this country she was persecuted for uttering the same testimony; was arrested and imprisoned at Poughkeepsie, N. Y., on a charge of being a British spy, because the country was at war with the British, and her testimony if obeyed by the people at large, would leave them a pr'iy to their enemies. Is not this an exact parallel to the testimony of Jesus. His enemies said,We must kill him, because if the people believe his word, the Romans will come and destroy us. But the testimony of Mother Ann took deep root in the hearts of many, and has continued to bear fruit to the present day. Shaker Station, Conn.