HOME. Isabella Russell. A. poem written for the occasion and read in The Young People's Meeting, Feb. 8, 1895. What pleasant memories cluster round The enchanted spot, our childhood's home No matter where in after life The heart may turn or footsteps roam, There lingers still a cherished thought We cannot break the magic spell. Instinctively we're carried back To that dear home we loved so well. Once more we tread its hallowed soil, Once more we breathe its balmy air; The joy and gladness who can tell That filled our world so bright and fair, Ere yet the changing scenes of time Had made its impress on the soul, While innocence and childish mirth Held over us its sweet control. What cared we then for grief or pain, At most 'twas but a passing day, For when the glad to-morrow came 'Twas gone, had vanished far away. And in its place new joys arose, Created by our magic skill; We somehow had the faculty Of changing fate at our sweet will. We loved the birds and bees and flowers; We loved the sunlight's cheering rays; We loved to walk in shady bowers; O these to us were happy days. The waving grass on yonder plain, The murmuring brook with music sweet, Are interwoven with a charm That helps to make our life complete. The placid lake we see it now, As in the days so long gone by; The trees upon the mountain, top Seem almost reaching to the sky. And thus our childish fancies weave A web of thought so pure and grand, That in our lives they wield a power We do not, cannot understand. Perhaps symbolic of that home To which we turn in faith and prayer, Where dwell our friends who've passed beyond The ken of mortal pain and care. Whose gentle influence o'er us steals Like dew upon the thii-sty flower, While we, unconscious of its source Are guided by this unseen power. O what a grand and noble theme, Inspiring heart and brain and hand, To work with unremitting zeal For God and home and spirit land. Convincing us that here and now THE MANIFESTO. 71 Are duties we should well fulfill, For in that higher, better home, Each deed shall count for good or ill. Could any theme our minds engage, Productive of more good than this, Which bids us now commence a life For present gain and future bliss. O could we know what lies beyond Our mental vision so obscure, How joyfully the race we'd run How patiently would we endure. Life's ills along our pathway strown, intended only for our good, And yet God's laws we oft ignore, Because so little understood. Then let us make our earthly home A place where joy and peace abound, Where Christian charity prevails, Where God is praised and virtue crowned. Where each one seeks the good of all, In consecrated deeds of love; Creating thus a heaven below, Allied to our sweet home above. Then let us sing the gladsome song, In accents clear with music sweet, Till all inharmony shall cease And heaven and earth in concert meet. Enfield, N. H.