Books and Papers. The Ladies' Home Journal Dr. Parkhurst's first article to women in The Ladies' Home Journal has proved so popular that the entire huge edition of the magazine was exhausted within ten days, and a second edition of 45,000 copies has heen printed. Journal of Hygeio-Therapy Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. March. Contents. Medical Science; Phrenology; The Journal; The School; The Law of Cure; Reply of Dr. Murphy; Fomentations; A Sermon by a Layman; Letters from Friends, etc., etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford, Kokomo, Ind. The Sunday Magazine and Day of Rest Through the courtesy of the 'International News Company' of New York, we have received a copy of 'The Sunday Magazine and Day' of Rest,' which is under the Editorial management of Rev. Benjamin Waugh. This number for January 1895 has an interesting and liberal page of contents from many contributors of high standing in the religious world. Many of the articles are liberally and pleasantly illustrated. No one will regret the perusal of this interesting work. Price 10 cts. per copy, or $1.00 per year. Address, The International News Co., 83 and 85 Duane St., N. Y. Borax,200 Best Borax Recipes from 250 different Publications. Pacific Coast Borax Co. San Francisco, Cal. From the Anti-Infidel Library, Edited by II. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. Spirit Workings in Various Lands; Familiar Spirits; Spiritual Manifestations Explained; The Depths of Satan; Trying the Spirits; Modern Spiritualism; Primitive Christianity. As these little books are in defence of the Gospel, and only cost five cents each, all who love the Gospel should obtain them and be armed in the day of temptation. Success in raising the earliest vegetables or flowers depends in a great measure on planting seeds grown in our own climate here in New England; having become acclimated to our soils and seasons, they are far better for us to plant than seeds obtained from the Southern or Middle States. New England seeds have implanted in them that same rugged, hardy constitution which has so characterized the sons and daughters of New England from the first landing of the pilgrims to the present day. If you will send your address on a postal to O. M. Richardson &amp; Co., Canton, Me., they will send you by return mail a copy of their beautifully illustrated catalogue of seeds, plants, bulbs, seed potatoes etc. FREE. Each catalogue contains a 25c. premium coupon. If you send the names of four of your friends who are the jnost interested in flowers or gardening, they will send you FREE in addition to the catalogue and coupon, a tine novelty in flower seeds. Don't buy seeds that have lain in stores and been carted from place to place for years, but send for the above catalogue, don't put it off, send to-day.