Shaker Station, Ct. March, 1895. 'Work while the day lasts.' This is wise counsel. Nothing truly noble is gained without work; persistent, patient, per. severing work. In the race for eternal life self-denying work is sure to win and good efforts will not go unrewarded. Cross, bearing yields good results. Time is always on the wing, and it is a sad mistake to let it pass without wisely improving the golden opportunities. We should discipline, train and develop the moral and spiritual faculties. 'Let us so number our days that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom.' Conscience bids vis be watchful and wary. A good way to remove discourage' ment is to belittle our troubles. A virtuous character is the 'one thing needful.' Let us do better than we have ever done before; accomplish more for the benefit of lost humanity and grow to a fuller, spiritual stature, that when our earthly pilgrimage is ended, we may be able to say in the language of our great Exemplar, 'I have finished the work thou gavest me to do.' 'The first Thanksgiving proclamation that was ever printed was issued in 1677, and a copy of it is in the collection of the Massachusetts State Historical Society.' 'In China the hands of the clock stand still while the dials are made to move round.' 'The Chinese read from the bottom of the page up.' 'The first newspaper advertisement appeared in 1652.' 'The first steel pen was made in 1830.'' ******* Poultry should not be fed, day after day, on the same food. They will eat nearly all kinds of food and there is no reason why their tastes should not be consulted, especially as they thrive best on a varied diet. While chickens are young and growing, the albuminoids and nitrogenous foods should be fed largely to promote the growth of flesh, muscle, bone and feathers. Three weeks before marketing, cracked corn and corn meal are best. All soft feed given to poultry should be salted about as much as the same amount would be for human use, and if this is done they will not eat salt to excess if they are allowed to run where they can get it. It is a common mistake that salt is fatal to poultry. Daniel Orcutt. South Family. March, 1895. Winter is beginning to weaken, and the glad spring-time is giving signs of awakening, and gladdens our hearts with promise, after a cold and severe winter, to which we cheerfully bid adieu. The snow has been so plentiful as to obstruct the roads and delay traveling in this section as elsewhere. Now lumbering and repairing are going on. A barn for straw has been removed from an out-lot and is being re-erected at home. An additional amount of ice has been secured this season for the creamery; 3668 spaces of cream in January. Colds and coughs prevail in our vicinity. Where premises are infested with rats, get one of the improved wire cage rat traps. They do thorough work. One morning we found the cage full, eleven having been caught and nearly all large ones. They have been very distructive in our home this winter and we trie,d every known means to exterminate them without, avail, until we found this trap. The past four months a school has been kept at home for our girls and they are improving with constant teaching for we strive to give them an education that will be sufficient to meet the burdens of life. They are often admonished that time and youth, are going, never to return. We can not be too earnest to improve the THE MANIFESTO. 91 present, and gain those treasures which are lasting for 'Time, time is passing, my work is not clone, A nd I must be hastening to my future home. My comfort and glory, my happiness there, Depend on my labor, my faithfulness here.' Maria Witham.