Pleasant Hill, Ky. March, 1895. Beloved Elder Henry;Though we have been hovering about the frigid zone for the last two months, we would not have you think that we are wholly lost in the icebergs. Nay, dear friends, your little paper coming to us each month, so charged and recharged with glowing messages of divine love, intelligence, and progressive ideas, that our mental faculties are sharing the blessings of life. Until the 25th of last Dec. we had very pleasant weather, with no snow. From THE MANIFESTO. that day uutil the 8th of March we had twenty-two days that snow fell in our village. Some days from half an inch to nine inches, and the mercury fell once to sixteen deg. below zero, and once to ten deg. Such continued cold weather was never before known. The past ten days have raised our hopes and we are at last enjoying the sunshine and showers of the incoming spring. The bursting buds and verdant fields proclaim our freedom from freeze-land. How we enjoy the inspirational talks in The Manifesto. Such a vast relationship of one faith, one spirit and one interest in the glorious work of soul elevation. Such a confidence in the Lord, such a faith of purity, and charity for the weak and fallen. How vividly do the testimonies of the present writers for The Manifesto bring the first Believers before us. Oh those were halcyon days, the effect of obedience to the pure gospel of Christ. We prize the Monthly messenger, so fraught with truth, love and unselfishness. 'O selfishness, thou deadly foe to union and progress. Thou destroyest long tried friends and makest desolate many homes.' We congratulate the beloved friends of Mt. Lebanon, in their progressive move. To leave the barren hills and mountains, and enter a land of sunshine and flowers, where fruits and vegetation abound. What if they do find some flies, fleas, mosquitoes and snakes, have we not some of them here with us? And are they not found at the north? Life is too short to remain idle. We are not placed upon the earth simply to earn our daily bread and clothe our bodies, but to make the earth a little better for having been on it. Something seems to be saying,'Up and be doing, morally, mentally, physically and spiritually. Our life battles will soon be ended. May we leave some little token or foot-print be. hind us, that will give courage to a poor faltering pilgrim, if no more. May heaven's blessing go with the prospectors who have gone south, and to those who may go to meet them. Nancy L. Roupee.