NEW YEAR'S THOUGHTS. By George H. Baxter. HT IKE the sweet hosannas of the merry chimes that fill the air with meloI J dy so are the pleasant New Year's salutations, cheering weary hearts and making many a home circle brighter by its advent. What a powerful influence is born with the sincere heart salute of good cheer my sister, my brother or my friend. What a simple gift, yet how fraught with glad meaning when uttered to the weary, faltering soul wavering between the former resolution to patiently continue in well-doing, or sacrifice upon the altar of that innate natural craving for ease and self-aggrandizement. Let each annual season herald its cheery signals. Let the cold philosophy capped with egotism that would criticise its beneficial results, pass beneath the sod of forgetfulness, while the lives of all mankind are brightened by the sunny ray of Christian kindness and brotherly love. This year, like all that have preceded it, will no doubt bring its train of victories and failures, each day being rife with its joys and its sorrows; and THE MANIFESTO. 83 we must walk in life's path as we find it, resolved to 'stand as the oak midst the tempest and storm ;' sacrificing at no shrine save that of honor and truth. Oh, for the heart that is pure and free, daring all things, bearing all things for the truth's sake. Well may we ask at the opening of the present year, what has the past yielded? Have not the unselfish acts of kindness borne the legitimate fruits of blessedness and soul justification ? Do we not value the increasing wisdom that gives power to resist evil and rise superior to every temptation of the adversary that beckons us to partake of those pleasures that detract from the spirit the priceless gem of self-respect? Great must be the joy of that soul who is able to truthfully exclaim, 'I know that Christ my Savior lives, I feel his power to-day.' This assurance gives renewed strength of purpose, making every duty to yield profitable results, while the mind is filled with that peace which passes human understanding. Who shall say there is nothing new under the sun when we are constantly receiving new inspirations, new truths and new light to guide our souls heavenward. Shall the good old story of God's great love to man be forgotten? Shall we cherish less our brother's happiness and soul growth than we do our pet ideas and theories, that to the progressed mind and unprejudiced thinker may be even marked in their unreasonableness and inefficiency to meet the demands of the present generation ? Is it in accordance with the life of Christ to become merely as echoes of the religion of past ages, trusting for salvation in the merits of those who gave their lives and all they possessed to lay the foundation of our Church of to-day ? or shall we join hands with those whose motto is 'onward and upward' and whose voices unite in singing, 'Ever changing, ever aiming toward a higher, better life, Ever learning, ever earning is the good Believer's strife.' Enfield, N. H.