TRUE SPIRITUALISM. By Anna White. [This essay was read at a recent meeting at Unity Church, Pittsjield, Mass.] IN a recent issue of 'The Banner of Light' we read of spiritual manifestations in an Episcopalian home a few miles from this city ; the medium being a girl twelve years of age who is living with this Episcopalian minister's family. It is reported that she evidently possesses the gifts of clairvoyance and clairaudience to a remarkable degree, and as is frequently the case in the experience of the Spiritualists her descriptions of the manifestations taking place in her presence is substantiated by an absent medium, thus making assurance doubly sure. To us among whom spirit manifestions occurred some years before the Rochester rappings, this phenomenal phase of spiritualism is very interesting. It is one among many prophesies given at that time, which are being fulfilled to the letter. Modern spiritualism originated in the Shaker Order, in 1842 and it continued to work a most marvelous work for seven years. Then the ruling spirit informed us that the class of spirits that had been with us, were going out into the wide world and there was not a palace or cottage that they would not 78 THE MANIFESTO. visit. It was four years before they commenced operations at Hydesville, N. Y. How their predictions have been and are being actualized, through the nations of the earth, you need no information. Phenomena is to the unbeliever the foundation of spiritualism, without it there would be nothing upon which to construct its philosophy, and he who attacks phenomena, strikes at the cause itself. One good 'test' is worth more in convincing the skeptic of the truth of spirit return and the soul's continued existence after the death change, than all philosophy and theories ever preached or taught by man. True phenomena first, then the grand philosophy. That is for the unbeliever, mind, not for the believer. John the Revelator says, 'I saw an angel come down from heaven, having great power (from the Spirit world,) and the earth was lighted with his glory.' Now although this angel 'had great power,' the earth though lighted was not saved. Is not that Spiritualism? Look at the exhibition of weakness and wickedness among the various mediums ; many, like the priests, 'preach for hire and divine for money.' Like leaders, like followers; yet, where is the theologythe creed and dogma in Christendom that can stand before Spiritualism? And again John says I heard another voice from heaventhe Spirit world, saying 'Come out of her my people that ye be not partakers of her sins, and receive not of her plagues; for her sins have reached unto heaven'the churchesand God hath remembered her iniquities, the Inquisitions of the great Catholic Church, and her persecutions of the Protestant Church her daughter, and man is remembering them too ; we hope Americans will never forget them and let Christianity into their secular constitution. The only people who obey that voice are the Shakers ; though we are in the world we are not of the world, even as Jesus, his disciples and the pentecostal Church, were not of the world. We constitute a new ordera new heavensand the light shining upon the new heavens, like the sun upon the moon,is creating a new earthly order or state, 'wherein shall dwell righteousness' in earthly things. A right to be born right; where marriage will be used only for propagation and not abused by the indulgence of inordinate desires, resulting in acts of lust, followed by infanticide. Where woman will be man's peer in all things, ruling by right, and not by consent. Where land will be nationalized, each man and woman having a homestead of their own. Where education will be national, all childi'en be equally educated in industrial schools and the schools be self-supporting. Where peaceable arbitration will take the place of the sword. The 'swords will be beaten into plowshares, and the spears into pruning-hooks, and the nations will learn war no more,' and 'man to man the world over will brothers be.' That condition you will say is Utopian, that will be the long looked-for Millennium. Even so ; 'Behold I stand at the door and knock ; if any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come in to him and will sup with him, and he with me.' THE MANIFESTO. 79 There needs to be an opening for the Christ to enter; and what if he should enter your city to-night? Are there not some who would feel like calling upon 'the rocks and the mountains to hide them from the face of him that sitteth upon the throne and from the wrath of the Lamb ? ' Would not the tables of the money-changers be overturned and those cast out that bought and sold? 'Make not my Father's house an house of merchandise.' Look at your saloonsgreat giant tempters of the youth, the youth that are to be our future presidents to enact our laws and control our government: Prohibition does not remedy the evil. The front doors may be closed and the protest on, still intemperance runs riot. And what of those other dens, those horrible dens, not only found in the city slums but on the wide streets, where fine carriages roll with their miserable inmates to palaces, magnificent without, but within are full of corruption and full of crimehot-beds of lust. 'The social evil strikes at the fountain head of true progress; it paralyzes the conscience and demoralizes the soul. Rend this veil of the flesh assunder as the Shakers have done for nearly two hundred years and are doing at the present and there is no retreat for the accused or the accuser only in the light, in the truth. Spiritualism with us is as a means of salvation from the gigantic sins of the world, and from 'the little foxes that spoil the vines,' the virtues. Therefore we hail every movement of this kind wherever we see it, as a preparatory step toward the consummation of the Kingdom of Heaven in earth. I wish to call your attention to an article in the Dec. No. of 'The Arena,' published by B. 0. Flower of Boston, entitled 'The Well-Springs and Feeders of Immorality.' That opens up a chapter of events which aie daily occurring in private and in public life that are alike disgusting and alarming. Were it not for the prophets and prophetesses and the Witnesses of Truth that raise their voices as a protest against the hideous monsters of vice grown bold in infamy and crime, we might hang our heads as bulrushes with no hope of the morrow. But hear the clear bugle notes as they follow one after another from the inspired poet, James G. Clark. I have come, and the world shall be shaken Like a reed, at the touch of my rod, And the kingdoms of time shall awaken To the voice and the summons of God; No more through the din of the ages Shall warnings and chidings divine, From the lips of my prophets and sages, Be trampled like pearls before swine. Ye have stolen my lands and my cattle; Ye have kept back from labor its meed; Ye have challenged the outcasts to battle, When they plead at your feet in their need; 80 THE MANIFESTO. And when clamors of hunger grew louder And the multitude prayed to be fed, Ye have answered with prisons or powder The cries of your brothers for bread. I turn from your altars and arches, And the mocking of steeples and domes, To join in the long, weary marches Of the ones ye have robbed of their homes; I share in the sorrow and crosses Of the naked, the hungry and cold; And dearer to me are their losses Than your gains and your idols of gold. I will wither the might of the spoiler, I will laugh at your dungeons and locks, The tyrant shall yield to the toiler, And your judges eat grass like the ox; For the prayers of the poor have ascended To be written in lightnings on high; And the wails of your captives have blended With the bolts that must leap from the sky. The thrones of your kings shall be shattered And the prisoner and serf shall go free; I will harvest from seed that I scattered On the borders of blue Galilee; For I come not alone, and a stranger Lo! my reapers will sing through the night Till the star that stood over the manger Shall cover the world with its might. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.