NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. - February. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1894. 23.30 &gt;4 in. 25 in. 1895. 20.18 0 ' 24 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 52 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 18 below Number of rainy days ' ' 0 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 8 ' ' clear ' ' ' 11 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 9 C. G. Heed. March, 1895. Surely we need but a short measure to encircle the years. The months pass by so rapidly, that unless some important event is inscribed thereon, we hardly note their passage. Would it not be a grand idea to have every month dedicated to some particular virtue; we could thereby note our prog ress in each as the years go by. In November we are called each year to measure our blessings and our corresponding gratitude. December is imbued with an intuitive desire to surprise some one into happiness. Then the finer elements of true Christianity seek to be forgiving and forgiven, if anything has created a dissonance where harps should play only the tunes of that sacred love which characterizes the true disciple of the Prince of Peace. And again December being the close of the year, every progressive mind seeks to square their accounts with God, and man, that the New Year may have no debts carried over to mar its pages. January comes with its earnest appeal to make a better record than ever before, and each year we earnestly hope that our. pathway is in spiral form around the mound of time, that at every round we may find ourselves a little nearer the goal of perfection which we hope to find at its summit. We have thus a distinctive aim for three months, and when the other nine are equally blest we shall more readily mark our progress. At our present writing old Father Winter's white wig still covers his head, nor does it seem likely to be suddenly remov ed, since it is added thereto every few days. Last year at this date the bluebirds and robins were with us; but we shall not look for an early spring this year as the excessive and extensive cold has so frozen the Northern lakes and rivers, that the winds blowing over them will for some time yet keep our temperature wintry like. But the tedium of a long cold winter is enlivened by pleasant tidings from 'The Land of Flowers,' which some of our Brethren have visited and where some still remain. It is pleasant to know that we are peeping over the horizon into something new, even if it is a venture. 'Nothing venture, nothing have.' It is also pleasant to realize as we do in our Society, that the foundation principles of our spiritual home are so firmly built upon, that when authorized by the THE MANIFESTO. leading powers, we can change either in dress or location, and our faith and works remain the same. Plainness and neatness in dress become us as a modest spiritual people, and we have long since learned that when we all move in unison, and work for the highest good, we shall conscientiously measure our time and strength, that we rob not ourselves of mental and spiritual growth, for custom's sake; then we shall as surely drop all that is useless and cumbersome, either in dress or habit, as the beautiful plant drops its old leaves for a new growth when placed in richer soil. Amelia J. Culver. North Family. March, 1895. Theee seems to be little that is newsy to communicate at present, for all through the winter season we of necessity keep the even tenor of our way, at peace with the righteous. According to arrangement, the missionary meeting was held Feb. ltth at Unity Church, Pittsfield, and was largely attended. It was reported that those who sought admission, and found none, far exceeded those in the edifice. The speaking was according to the gospel of Christ, and the singing pleased the audience, what more could be asked? After the service the Pastor invited us to a lunch in the Church parlors; and then came the long, midnight ride through valley and over mountain to our home and cherished friends who waited to bid us good morning. Such was the sowing, what will the harvest be? We have made very few converts this season but those who come seem to desire the Christ life; it is better to gradually build up our homes with prepared souls than to receive large numbers who steal the children's bread and go away unthankful. The Florida fever has not yet reached the North family and we hope it will not, for we would not know where to find a physican to cure it. There is a majesty in Mt. Lebanon not to be found in the sand beds of the south; and our lovely village is truly a city set on a hill that will not be hidden when the next spiritual revelation comes to humanity, then should the call reach us to go and found homes for souls in distant climes how gladly would the humblest worker in the Cause respond to the summons. In the outer order, that which is natural is first, and if there is anything spiritual it follows, but we must 'seek first the Kingdom of God and his righteousness' and all blessings will follow as a consequence. It is but reasonable that where the Jewish law is disregarded, as it certainly is in most Gentile countries, the land must become exhausted as it has to a great extent in our. northern homes, and the expense of fertilization is enormous; we also venture to think that where any organization long abides; the tendency is toward conservatism and inertia, which conditions are the cause of many spiritual deaths; but as a people there is more to keep us alive than there is to kill us, and more to encourage than to make afraid. We believe that new homes will be founded, but spiritual life will alone make them secure. The trend of progressive thought is westward, and with prophetic vision we see that souls will be gathered there who will desire the ministrations of the gospel. In the mean time we will watch and pray, fervently trusting in God, that he will give unto us the work of the future. The health of our family has been remarkably good, in fact we have not had time to be sick, for with shirts and fine lawn and calico waists to make, the sewing machines are kept buzzing. The work is clean and light, but like all who stuggle under the competitive system, we must work hard. Besides the sale work which is done by the Sisters, the kitchen and dairy must be tended with willing hands, and the tailoring and dressmaking must be carried on, for while we work we wear. The Brethren find plenty to do in making the home comfortable, and spare no service in their power to render, Breth88 THE MANIFESTO. 89 ren and Sisters living together in honesty and purity, sharing all the burdens of life equally is certainly a household to be wondered at, and amid the wranglings of people in office and out we live }n undisputed happiness. The behavior of the last Congress was enough to disgust any sensible person. The shaking work is needed and if any one is in doubt on this subject a few books like 'Progress and Poverty,' 'Wealth Against Commonwealth,' or 'Civilization's Inferno,' will soon place them in the light of truth. The world is sorely in need of salvation. It is very pleasing to read the Home Notes from our loved ones far away, for we become acquainted with those whom we may never meet yet are 'dear to us through bonds of faith. We need to encourage one another for the times are growing troubled; still the masses do the bidding of the classes, and the mills of toil grind hard, but the new time is approaching when all shall brothers be. Cora C. Vinneo. Shakers, N. Y. Maxell, 1895. The open winter that wejthought might be probable from the indications in the early past of the season, was just a 'little ways off.' We have had our share of snow, and blizzards that have piled it up in promiscuous heaps, and in other places left the ground bare and exposed, but at present date, the 8th inst. there does not seem to be much visible indication of balmy spring; but we will wait with hope, knowing full well that it will come, that the promise of seed time and harvest can not fail. It should move a heart even of stone with sympathy, in reading of the awful destitution in some parts of the west; and many times in partaking of our bountiful repasts we feel rebuked for not having that deep sense of gratitude for these blessings that we should. When we read testimonies from such veterans as Elder John Whiteley, it gives us courage; but, 'as the Ancients of the City pass away, who will keep the testimony burning bright?' Whatever the temporal circumstances or what the tribulation we past through, every one who loves the cause and gives' it support, can lift up their heads and rejoice, and sing praises to the God of their salvation; for the testimony of the higher life has gone forth, and is being received in honest hearts by those who are weary of the elements of the world, and are yearning in spirit for the ministrations of the higher life. Hamilton DeGraw. West Pittsfield, Mass. March, 1895. We have been favored this winter with an abundance of snow. As we look around we behold large drifts, small drifts and medium sized drifts; to the right of us, to the left of us, before and behind; but between the banks of snow, and off on the hillsides, the brown earth is struggling for supremacy. The crows are occasionally seen, and are heard giving hoarse messages to each other; soon we shall have the robins and bluebirds with us. Other signs of returning spring are evident. The children who have so enjoyed the snow the past cold months, are even now planning for the little plot of ground they call their garden, and which if we may judge by their confident talk, will by and by shine with wonders of the floral kingdom. Though it will be some time before their little fingers can even plant the seeds, why dampen the ardor of their innocent hearts. Our homes would be dull without their bright faces and cheerful voices, and much would we miss their willing hands and feet. We had the pleasure of a short call from Elder George Wilcox, of Shaker Station, on the 27th ult. We are always glad to welcome our gospel kindred, especially the aged fathers and mothers, of whom we have so few in our own home. The value of those who have grown to old age among Believers, allowing the gospel to 90 THE MANIFESTO. exert full influence over their lives, can hardly be estimated, but they are honored by many who are not willing to go and do likewise. Emoretta Belden. Shaker Station, Ct. March, 1895. 'Work while the day lasts.' This is wise counsel. Nothing truly noble is gained without work; persistent, patient, per. severing work. In the race for eternal life self-denying work is sure to win and good efforts will not go unrewarded. Cross, bearing yields good results. Time is always on the wing, and it is a sad mistake to let it pass without wisely improving the golden opportunities. We should discipline, train and develop the moral and spiritual faculties. 'Let us so number our days that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom.' Conscience bids vis be watchful and wary. A good way to remove discourage' ment is to belittle our troubles. A virtuous character is the 'one thing needful.' Let us do better than we have ever done before; accomplish more for the benefit of lost humanity and grow to a fuller, spiritual stature, that when our earthly pilgrimage is ended, we may be able to say in the language of our great Exemplar, 'I have finished the work thou gavest me to do.' 'The first Thanksgiving proclamation that was ever printed was issued in 1677, and a copy of it is in the collection of the Massachusetts State Historical Society.' 'In China the hands of the clock stand still while the dials are made to move round.' 'The Chinese read from the bottom of the page up.' 'The first newspaper advertisement appeared in 1652.' 'The first steel pen was made in 1830.'' ******* Poultry should not be fed, day after day, on the same food. They will eat nearly all kinds of food and there is no reason why their tastes should not be consulted, especially as they thrive best on a varied diet. While chickens are young and growing, the albuminoids and nitrogenous foods should be fed largely to promote the growth of flesh, muscle, bone and feathers. Three weeks before marketing, cracked corn and corn meal are best. All soft feed given to poultry should be salted about as much as the same amount would be for human use, and if this is done they will not eat salt to excess if they are allowed to run where they can get it. It is a common mistake that salt is fatal to poultry. Daniel Orcutt. South Family. March, 1895. Winter is beginning to weaken, and the glad spring-time is giving signs of awakening, and gladdens our hearts with promise, after a cold and severe winter, to which we cheerfully bid adieu. The snow has been so plentiful as to obstruct the roads and delay traveling in this section as elsewhere. Now lumbering and repairing are going on. A barn for straw has been removed from an out-lot and is being re-erected at home. An additional amount of ice has been secured this season for the creamery; 3668 spaces of cream in January. Colds and coughs prevail in our vicinity. Where premises are infested with rats, get one of the improved wire cage rat traps. They do thorough work. One morning we found the cage full, eleven having been caught and nearly all large ones. They have been very distructive in our home this winter and we trie,d every known means to exterminate them without, avail, until we found this trap. The past four months a school has been kept at home for our girls and they are improving with constant teaching for we strive to give them an education that will be sufficient to meet the burdens of life. They are often admonished that time and youth, are going, never to return. We can not be too earnest to improve the THE MANIFESTO. 91 present, and gain those treasures which are lasting for 'Time, time is passing, my work is not clone, A nd I must be hastening to my future home. My comfort and glory, my happiness there, Depend on my labor, my faithfulness here.' Maria Witham. Harvard, Mass. March, 1895. Another month has fled, with its record of good or ill, its duties done or unfulfilled. But one thing is certain, Feb. has very nearly fulfilled its forecast for it gave us the severest storm of the seaon. It compares very unfavorably with a year ago. Then we were making maple sugar and honey. Now the snow is deep, and more is falling; the mercury low and no signs of spring. Such inclemency is enough to make one dream of Florida, or some other genial climate. Br. Andrew gives us glowing accounts of their Florida place. We hope it will prove as disirable as he anticipates, and may prosperity attend the movement. Accounts of Florida are as varied as the people who go there. Those who have prospected the state say some parts are fine, others worthless. Feb. 24th our good Br. Ezra B. Newton celebrated his centennial birthday. He had many relatives come to see him, also five reporters. In the afternoon we had a spiritual service, attended by about forty of the towns-people. Wood is being housed as fast as weather permits, that all may be in readiness for spring work. According to an old saying the prospect for a fruit crop is small. 'A snowy March, no fruit; but a dry, dusty March, plenty of fruit.' We hope for a bountiful harvest from the farm to replenish our loss of last fall. When we hear reports from Newfoundland and Nebraska, we feel our hearts overflow with sympathy for the sufferers with thanksgiving that our condition is no worse. Marcia M. Bullard.