RECEPTION, AT HARVARD, MASS. By Louisa E. Greene. Sunday, Feb. 24th, was the one hundredth birthday of Ezra B. Newton, of the Harvard Society of United Believers. He was born in Paxton, Mass. Feb. 24th, 1795. The occasion was celebrated by an assembly of members at the South family of Harvard, of which the aged Brother is a member. The friends from the Society at Shirley attended, also many from the Church family at Harvard. Elder John Whitely of Shirley, presided. Twenty-six of the nearest kindred of Br. Ezra were present, and a large number of friends and neighbors from Ayer, Harvard and Shirley. Many called upon Br. Ezra during the day who were much pleased to see him. Flowers were sent by kindly neighbors and added cheer to the 94 THE MANIFESTO. reception room by their spiritual influence. Br. Ezra B. Newton is quite a progressive character, and is of Revolutionary lineage. He has lived a progressive life, and labored industriously. He married Sallie Turner, of Holden, Mass. Two children were the fruit of the union, who died many years ago. Ezra, was a kind and affectionate father. He was a consistent Christian and a member of the Baptist Church until the rise of Adventist ideas of the expected coming of the Christ in person, and the speedy dissolution of the material world. This awakened his sensibilities and he saw that he was not living to the highest light, unfolding within his spirit. He soon became conscious of an inward leading toward a people who, forsaking all worldly things, professed to 'Take up the cross against the sins of the world.' He became convinced that there was no other way for him, and was anxious to induce his com' panion to see and feel as he did. After a long struggle, when he almost seemed on the verge of despair, he became conscious of an audible voice which said, 'This is the way walk ye in it.' From that moment all hesitation disappeared and he saw clearly the sacrifice that was demanded. He prayed long and earnestly for guidance in the way and his companion seeing his distress and evident sincerity placed no obstacles in his path, and only stipulated that the children should not be taken from her. He entered the Shaker Order in Oct. 1848. According to the rule of the Order in such cases, his property was placed in trust for the support of his family. From that time forth, he never doubted that he had received a direct call from the invisible world, to renounce the worldly generative life, and come into a spiritual and regenerate life of body and spirit. From the beginning of his union with the Order, his whole mind and strength has been given to the support of its tenets His conscientiousness is excessive, often convicting him of sin when his Brethren and Sisters could see no fault. He has had the sense of ministration and guidance from unseen helpers and he has ever held in mind the ruling axiom of the founder of our Society 'Hands at work, and heart toward God.' This he has always faithfully acted upon, tlrus having had no time for useless regrets for past sacrifices, while many who joined the faith with him, on the same impulsion, fell away from what they had deemed their convictions. He has been true to his sense of an unseen, divine power and secure in the promise that for all sacrifice of earthly things, he would receive an hundred-fold in spiritual attainment. When advanced age rendered it necessary, Sister Catherine Walker cared for him; but after many years, her summons came to 'come home,' causing him great grief. At almost his last interview with her, she said, 'Now be patient and wait until you have passed your one hundredth birthday and then if it be possible I will come for you.' This comforted him; and he awaits the fulfillment of that promise with serene hope, yet his health is quite good and he shows no evidence of near dissolution. His life has been well spent and a principle of right maintained in harmony with his highest aspiration. Harvard, Mass.