Notes from Florida. March, 1895. Beloved Elder Henry;Yours of Feb. 21st at hand. You request me to write a letter about the 'Land of Promise.' It is a hard task for the reason that I have been here but a short time, so I shall attempt to give you a description of the land as I see it. First in regard to Florida. Like all other places it has its advantages and disadvantages. To decide upon these, they must be placed in the balance. The soil is mostly sandy although there are large muck beds along the lakes. The muck is from one to ten feet deep. The timber is mostly yellow pine, or Georgia pine, as some call it. The lakes are not covered with green scum but are as clear as ours in the North and abound with fish, with a sprinkling now and then of alligators. The grass is not like that of the North but rather a coarser quality, and is found in the woodlands, but the palmetto also abounds in timber lands. What will grow in Florida? All vegetables that grow in the North. Corn does grow here though not much has ever been planted. Sugar-cane, oranges, lemons, pine-apples, irish and sweet potatoes. Wheat, oats and rye, I can say but little about, although I saw a field of rye sown for green fodder. Cattle run the whole season and take care of themselves, but better attention would pay inj better results. We have selected a tract of land on which are several lakes, consequently, much muck soil. The rail-road station is about one mile from where we are building a small dwelling, and a proposed rail-road will run on the northern boundary of our land if not through it. We are about seventeen miles from Kissimmee. Our tract is the highest land in this section. As the water from lake Alligator runs north into the Gulf of Mexico and south into the Ocean. You ask about the heat in summer, and of the insects both great and small. As I 92 THE MANIFESTO. 93 have not passed a summer here I am unable to make a statement, but one thing I can say I have not found and that is a snow-bank. I learn while the weather is warm there is always a breeze or most of time. The nights are cool so that there is comfort in having a good rest at night. But just what can be done in Florida time and energy alone can tell. While I am not anticipating a universal move to the 'promised land,' it might be well to test all locations and hold fast to the best. All things should be well considered and the only way to find out is to try on a small scale, before a rush is made. It would require a little if not a good deal of pioneer work before a large move could be made. But human nature runs to extremes, and some might expect all the benefits of soil, climate and location, in one state, and that state,Florida, without any disadvantages. This would be asking too much. But there are many things in favor of Florida in my humble belief. The Brethren are building a house 20x30 for present convenience. Br. Andrew Barrett is an excellent gardener and is taking charge of that department and of the fruit trees, while Br. Henry Hollister who is a carpenter is at work on the cottage. The alligators and snakes have not yet been seen and possibly have faded away. Isaac Anstatt.