EXCHANGES. The Teacher's Journal The Teacher's Journal is published by Rev. J. P. Anstaclt of York, Pa. No 1. of Vol. 22 is wholly devoted to the International Sunday School. The Blackboard illustrations are very interesting and instructive, and liberally used in explanation of the lessons. This work is published in the interest of the Lutheran church. The Icarian Community The Icarian Community, which is four miles from Corning, Iowa, after an eventful life of forty-seven years will now pass into history. The brotherhood of man is certainly on the ascending scale. On the 6th of October last was published No 1. of Vol. I. The Altrurian 'The Altrurian,' at Berkeley, Cal. This informs us that on the 16th of Oct. 'eighteen adult travelers and eight hopeful younglings' entered their land of promise. To be able to enter this haven of rest a fee THE MANIFES TO. 95 of $50.00 is demanded, and having an eye to the worldly prosperity of the community makes this initiation fee quite necessary. At present they have the control of 200 acres wellwooded and some rich land for cultivation. The reader of Win. D. Howell's very interesting articles in the Cosmopolitan, of the traveler from Altruria can now he informed of the address of that wonderful man who lived among n, class of people who were interested in the welfare of each other. We shall wish the best of success to this new class of interested laborers, for the good of humanity. The Souvenir The Souvenir comes from the Scarritt, Coif legiate Institute, at Neosho, Mo. The whole of the Souvenir is a treasure-house of good gifts, and many carry an appreciative influence for the prosperity of humanity. Moral worth stands in advance of earthly pleasures or Measures. While an interest is being taken in the lands and climate of Florida, it may he interesting to read of the Koreshans who have purchased a large tract of land in Lee, Co., which is about 26 deg. north latitude. Ploughshare and Pruning Hook The writer in the 'Ploughshare and Pruning Hook,' states that it is the most beautiful climate in the worldIt is some forty miles from a rail-road, but only a few miles from the gulf of Mexico. We hope this new home may prove to be 'the promised land,' to all who make the pilgrimage, and we shall take a deep interest in their spiritual and temporal prosperity. The Religious Telescope 'The Religious Telescope,' is an expo, nent of the faith of the 'United Brethren in Christ.' It is edited by J. L. Kephart and published in Cincinnati, O. An article in the paper of Feb. 27th, 'The Gospel for the Rich,1' is well worthy of close investigation by every Christian.