Correspondence. Elder Henry;--I was thinking to-night... Bangor, Me. Dec. 28, 1894. Elder Henry ;I was thinking to-night perhaps you might imagine I had forgotten to send my yearly subscription for The Manifesto, but I have been very busy in various ways since I wrote you last so I could not seem to get around to it. To-morrow, I am going to send you seventy-five cents in postage stamps, nothing preventing. A most eventful year has nearly closed it3 evolution and its revolution and we are about to enter a new year in which, according to all signs, there will be no less startling events than there have been in the one just passing out at this present time. All mankind and all nature seems to be in a terrible ferment. May it continue to ferment until it ferments all error, injustice, wickedness and wrong-doing from the human family. Let the righteous raise the banner of liberty high in the heavens that all THE MANIFESTO. 81 may read its beautiful inscription; Freedom, Freedom to all those that are bound in chains of darkness and superstition. It seems to me that all the Heavenly host are working earnestly to liberate the children of earth from all the errors of past ages. The old car-wheels of progression that have so longbeen trigged by ministers and priests, have finally been removed and the old progressive car once more has begun to move on, and will finally grind all error to powder beneath its wheels and be blown away by the four winds of heaven. In the Dec. Manifesto, Hamilton DeGraw, said I spoke the gospel truth, (not all are as frank to acknowledge it as he) the plain truth is what is needed in times like these let it strike where it may; he thinks I am entitled to some kind of a reward for what I said, but I am not, for ni}T reward is always with me whenever I can say anything that Avill give another an impetus to go to work for the truth and the uplifting of humanity to a better condition. If the Shakers had used half of the money in spreading the gospel truth that some of their defaulting Trustees have absconded with and what has been lost in wildcat investments in the west to draw big interest on, in my opinion there would not be such a dearth among them as there is now. Stop trying to hoard and use your money freely for the spread of the light of truth, and it will return to you four fold after many days. Follow your motto, on The Manifesto 'Cast thy bread upon the waters' or else remove it, substitute, 'we have been weighed and found wanting;' which would be more appropriate unless you follow it to the letter. I would suggest that the Brothers and Sisters among the Shakers contribute their thoughts to The Manifesto, if only a few words it will show they have a living interest in the gospel cause. It is the littles that make the sum of life ; there are many persons in the Societies that are hardly ever heard from, that could write something of interest, if they would, that would be an impetus to some poor one of God's unfortunates of earth and perhaps lift him from the slough of degradation and misery to a higher and better condition. Do not be too much absorbed in the cares of this life; so much so that you can not give a few moments of time once a month for the elevation of your brother and sister that has not been as fortunate as you, in the knowledge of the truth. Let your light shine, do not keep it hid under a bushel. ISow is the time to sow the good seed, much of the ground is ready to receive it and if you withhold the sowing you surely ought not expect to reap the harvest, if you do, you will be disappointed as you have been these many years. The Shakers as a body, come nearer the teachings of Christ in practice than any other society that pretends to be his followers, they are inlklel to all other religions; once they were a very progressive people, but after a while they became somewhat bigoted like other sects, thought they had all the truth there was to be had and became fossilized in this belief, It acted like a nar- 82 THE MANIFESTO. cotic that stupifies, and as it is one of the laws of nature that nothing can stand still, it has either to progress or go back from whence it came, so naturally the Shakers began to retrograde. Each and every one has to fight his own battle and be responsible for all his short comings ; there is no escaping it, so it behooves us all that have started in the true and heavenly way to ever be loyal to this beautiful spiritual cause. All that are strong in this blessed way of truth and justice can, from time to time, say some kindly word to those who are more easily discouraged ; we can not conceive what good it will do. There is a wonderful power in a word kindly expressed. Let every one who has the good cause of truth and righteousness in heart make it manifest in his own way, not in some one's else way, for if you attempt to, you will invariably make a failure. Let all strive to make heaven here and now, while on earth, not put it off for some future imaginary heaven. My motto is, to be good and to do good, not under fear of a future punishment by a revengeful God, or any expectation of a future reward by the same God for my good deeds done here, but because it is right to be good and to do good, for the happiness it gives now, and the reward which is always with me when I am being and doing good. This happiness and reward no one can take from me. If I am faithful and true to my honest conviction to the end, my reward will be with me through all eternity. With these few scattering remarks I remain your brother in the cause of righteousness, truth and justice. Simon Emery.