RIGHTEOUSNESS. THE necessity of great and constant care is apparent in the continuance of any system that may have been inaugurated through the labors of interested and active minds for the promulgation of peace and prosperity of any of the family of man. Too much direct interest can not be exercised in holding all these temporal and spiritual blessings to an honorable standard, as it is a work that has already been planned for successful consummation. One writer in illustrating this very vital subject presents the case in a light so clearly that no doubts need be entertained. 'It only takes a few years to change the character of a church. If the converted men and women die off, and unconverted persons come in, or grow up, in a little while new methods and means are used, new results are sought, and the old paths of peace and blessing are neglected.' Whatever the treasure may be that has been obtained by earnest and consecrated labors, it becomes of corresponding value to the effort that has been made in reaching it. Treasures on earth or in heaven are held securely only by constant vigilance. If worldly riches have been obtained and the possessor fails to place them behind bars of iron or within walls of stone, they may at any moment 'take to themselves wings and fly away,' while the inestimable treasures of the kingdom of righteousness, which the hand of a heavenly Father so kindly bestows upon his children, may through neglect of care become motheaten, or ruinously consumed by rust. For the obtaining of only an earthly interest we are told that a man will sell all that he own?, that he may buy a field in which to dig, and possibly in which he anticipates the finding of a precious pearl, and should he be as determined in securing the promise of everlasting life, he will as a resolute soldier of the cross of Christ, valiantly fight the 'good fight of faith.' Neither the earthly nor the spiritual man can be assured of final success unless he works with untiring zeal to build and to hold what may be acquired. For us the foundation has been laid, and 'other foundation can no man lay, than that is laid, which is Jesus the Christ.'1 Cor. iii., 11. The master workman was baptized into the divine spirit of his holy mission, and sacrificed his whole life that his followers might be led into paths of righteousness and peace. Our Mother Ann Lee did no less. She gave herself no rest, day nor THE MANIFESTO. 85 night till she became assured that her mission of the love of God was in the ascendency, and that her life work was under the direct blessing of our heavenly Father and Mother. The Elders who were engaged in the same work of regeneration with Mother Ann, and were baptized into the same spirit of practical righteousness, as was Jesus the Christ, worked with untiring energy to establish the gospel work in the hearts of the children of men. Like the disciples of Jesus, they had left all and entered into the narrow way that they might be able to attain unto eternal life. Their testimony was against the sins of the world, and clothed as they were with the 'whole armor of God,' they were assured of a full victory over all that was wrong. These pioneers of the gospel work made the divine life as preached by the Christ, their life, and a power accompanied their word which carried conviction to the soul. Let your light shine, said Jesus, and these anointed workers in the cause of truth did let their light shine, and they were abundantly blessed of God in their temporal prosperity. Their faithful labors in the house and on the farm not only afforded them a sufficiency for all their daily needs, but enabled them to help those who were less fortunate. Agreeably to the advice of Mother Ann, they gave their hands to honest and industrious toil, and at the same time consecrated their souls and all that they possessed to the work into which God had called them. A practical righteousness was their theme for inspiration, whether engaged in their daily avocations or assembled for the worship of God, the same spirit of devotion was manifested, which secured to them a fullness of all the blessings which God had promised to the faithful soul. Through this a beautiful inheritance was obtained in the land, and the same has passed into our charge for faithful care and protection. If a continual consecration is the life of the gospel work ; then there is in this a bright hope for the future. Shall we say there is now less need of constant care in the bearing of the cross of Christ ? less need of a full consecration before God? less need of a baptism into the holy spirit, then we may as well say that we have gone from the 'middle of the King's highway,' and have left the path of uprightness for conditions that are more congenial to the spirit of the world. The same warning that was given to the Churches by the Revelator, may with equal propriety be given to the churches of to-day, and a careful inspection may readily determine the position that each one occupies.