Books and Papers. The Ladies' Home Journal Dr. Parkhurst's first article to women in The Ladies' Home Journal has proved so popular that the entire huge edition of the magazine was exhausted within ten days, and a second edition of 45,000 copies has heen printed. Journal of Hygeio-Therapy Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. March. Contents. Medical Science; Phrenology; The Journal; The School; The Law of Cure; Reply of Dr. Murphy; Fomentations; A Sermon by a Layman; Letters from Friends, etc., etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford, Kokomo, Ind. The Sunday Magazine and Day of Rest Through the courtesy of the 'International News Company' of New York, we have received a copy of 'The Sunday Magazine and Day' of Rest,' which is under the Editorial management of Rev. Benjamin Waugh. This number for January 1895 has an interesting and liberal page of contents from many contributors of high standing in the religious world. Many of the articles are liberally and pleasantly illustrated. No one will regret the perusal of this interesting work. Price 10 cts. per copy, or $1.00 per year. Address, The International News Co., 83 and 85 Duane St., N. Y. Borax,200 Best Borax Recipes from 250 different Publications. Pacific Coast Borax Co. San Francisco, Cal. From the Anti-Infidel Library, Edited by II. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. Spirit Workings in Various Lands; Familiar Spirits; Spiritual Manifestations Explained; The Depths of Satan; Trying the Spirits; Modern Spiritualism; Primitive Christianity. As these little books are in defence of the Gospel, and only cost five cents each, all who love the Gospel should obtain them and be armed in the day of temptation. Success in raising the earliest vegetables or flowers depends in a great measure on planting seeds grown in our own climate here in New England; having become acclimated to our soils and seasons, they are far better for us to plant than seeds obtained from the Southern or Middle States. New England seeds have implanted in them that same rugged, hardy constitution which has so characterized the sons and daughters of New England from the first landing of the pilgrims to the present day. If you will send your address on a postal to O. M. Richardson &amp; Co., Canton, Me., they will send you by return mail a copy of their beautifully illustrated catalogue of seeds, plants, bulbs, seed potatoes etc. FREE. Each catalogue contains a 25c. premium coupon. If you send the names of four of your friends who are the jnost interested in flowers or gardening, they will send you FREE in addition to the catalogue and coupon, a tine novelty in flower seeds. Don't buy seeds that have lain in stores and been carted from place to place for years, but send for the above catalogue, don't put it off, send to-day. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for March, with an interesting phrenograph of the well-known reformer, MrsElizabeth B. Grannis, editor and proprietor of the Christian Union, and president of the National Christian League for the Promotion of Social Purity. It is from a personal examination by the editor, Dr. Beall, and is illustrated by several portraits. Her leading characteristics are carefully analyzed and the elements pointed out which have rendered her influential. 'Do Men Gossip? ' is an entertaining peep into club life, by Mrs. Jessie M.Holland. Mrs. Charlotte Fowler Wells sketches the life of the Rev. Joel Wakeman, D. D,, a pioneer friend of phrenology. An especially attractive feature is a symposium on 'Phrenology and Unfortunate Marriages,' by Otto B. Falme, Mrs Margarette Allen Fitch, and Ward B. Stevens, Ph. D., with comments by the editor. Prof. Nelson Sizer contributes several illustrated pages on 'Children, Hard and Easy to Manage,' in his vigorous and sprightly style. In the Science of Health department Dr. H. S. Drayton gives timely and instructive opinions on''Anti-toxine, and the Bacillus of Diphtheria.' Dr. A. G. Humphrey writes well on 'Mental Diseases.' In the editoi'ial columns portrait of the Count de Castellane and Miss. Anna Gould are given, with remarks concerning their conjugal fltness, and the editor expresses some radical views on the relations of the State to the production and prevention of crime. The Cosmopolitan TO OUR READERSAny reader of The Cosmopolitan who will do us the favor of securing three yearly subscriptions to the Magazine, at 1.50 each, will receive a copy for one year, free; or, instead! he can have a copy sent to any friend, free, for one year.