HISTORY OF SOUTH UNION, KY. NO. 18. MAY 19, 186.3. A company of two Brethren and six Sisters ride to Bowling Green a distance of fourteen miles. While ascending a hill for the purpose of seeing the fortifications, a bolt broke under the carriage, and the company were all thrown to the ground. Six of the company were quite severely wounded. One Sister had her hand crushed, another a wrist broken and another was badly cut on the head and face. One Sister was brought home on a bed on account of serious injuries. May 24, Sunday. Not less than thirty persons are seen in our field of strawberries. They come armed and so can not be driven away. May '27. General Judah and family with a staff of twenty-five soldiers, and others, in all numbering about fifty persons, are treated to a very excellent, free dinner. A visit from a general of the regular army brings a measure of relief in these perilous times. Companies of lawless creatures are prowling around day and night, and are ready to commit any depredation for their selfish interest. Hardly a day passes that either the Federal or Confederate soldiers are not passing through our village. Some of these ask for or demand whatever they may want, while some are very kind to pay for all they receive. It is difficult to tell who are our friends or our foes by their military dress, as the Confederates are quite often to be seen in the uniform of the Federals. As food is very scarce the whites or blacks will steal whatever may be found and the chicken house is quite a center of attraction. The slaves are now learning a new lesson, and as the masters or overseers are unable to keep a APRIL, 74 THE MANIFESTO. close watch over them, these irresponsible chattels in human form are taking liberties with any property they may find and under cover of the night, make their way, a score at a time, into the free states or where they can be protected by the Northern soldiers. Aug. 8. Two hundred soldiers pass through our village to-day on their way to East Tennessee. A company of some forty men and women leave the train at our station and come to the village on purpose to obtain some food which they understand we keep ready for any who may call. We told them the report was not correct and that we are not able to dispose of our property in that manner. As a deed of charity however, we give this large, disappointed company a free lunch, for which they express many thanks and then leave for their homes. Sept. The government authorities have again taken charge of the railroad that passes by our village and are using it for military purposes. The lawless classes that dare to do as they may wish with the property of others, are patting the Officers to a great deal of trouble. Although they go about in small companies they are difficult to conquer. As strange as this may seem, two of the Brethren have been on a journey of two hundred miles into the southern country, with a span of horses and a carriage and return without the least harm. For this preservation we render thanks. Several of the Brethren have been drafted into the United States' service, but have not yet been ordered into camp. Dec. 31. A Brother goes to Bowling Green to inform the Provost Marshall that the Brethren will not report without further orders. The Marshall said they need not report, as he had just received a dispatch from Washington, as follows: To the Provost Marshall, Bowling Green. Sir ;If there is any religious Community within your district, whose conscientious scruples abjure war, or the payment of commutation fee, you will parole them indefinitely, still holding them subject to any demand from the authority here. (signed) E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War. Washington, D. C. Dec. 30, 1863. This is 'good news and glad tidings' to all in our Community, as our call to follow Christ forbids our Brethren entering the army as soldiers, and we are anxious that the government should recognize the fact and give them an honorable release. 1864. This year opens very much as have passed the last months. Soldiers are constantly passing through our village, but do not make us much trouble. The country is still infested with sneak thieves and robbers and it requires a THE MANIFESTO. 75 constant watch day and night to protect our property. Our neighbors are treated much worse than we are. Their houses are broken into, their lives threatened and their money all taken from them. These lawless characters do not seem to discriminate between Unionists and Confederates. It is money they want and they will risk their lives to obtain it. The negroes are still giving anxiety to their masters. Freedom sounds a little better than slavery, and the negroes are doing their best to find it. One southern woman came to our village in search of her slave. She had been very kind to him and gave him permits to hire out. This time he wanted to work for the Shakers and she came to the village to find him. The Brethren said they had not seen him. He was evidently looking for freedom. One of our neighbors, a rich planter, informs us that two of his slaves left him last Sabbath while he was at Church, and have entered the U. S. army. One of them is very valuable and trusty and the man had no thought that he would leave him. 'My farm,' he said, 'must be idle for want of hands to till it.' [Indeed and this farm had better remain untilled, than that it should be tilled by human beings who will be treated like the brute beasts. Ed.] In March, one of the Brethren made a trip into the state of Tennessee to sell garden seeds. On his return he related the following incident. It was in the early evening and I was driving slowly through a section of woods, when a fierce-looking fellow presented a revolver and ordered me to halt. As I was powerless, I obeyed and the following conversation took place. Guerrilla.Where are you going? Shaker.To Latham's a few miles distant. Guer.What is in your wagon ? Shaker.Garden seeds. Guer.Where do you sell them? Shaker.We have a market for them in the South. Guer.Where do you live? Shaker.In South Union, Ky. Guer.I don't know where that is. Shaker.In Shakertown. Guer.I don't know where that is. Shaker.It is on the State road fourteen miles west of Bowling Green. Guer.That'll do. You have a large mule in your team and a good-looking horse. Shaker.It is an indifferent team and the horse is lame. The fellow then examined the horse's mouth. Guer.He is about eight years old. Shaker.The horse is nearer fifteen. Guer.This mule is a fine animal. 76 THE MANIFESTO. Shaker.His leg has been injured. Guer.Yes, it may have been broken, but he is a good animal and some of these jay hawkers may gobble him up. Shaker.I can travel slowly but I should hate to lose them. Guer.You are going to Latham's to stay over night? Shaker.I am. Guer.Well, go on then. I called at Latham's, but he was from home. A negro boy told me to drive in and stop ; but he said the Yankees might take my horse. They were stealing all round here, they had just stolen two barrels of whiskey and a bale of cotton from his master. Shaker.I fear the guerrillas more than I do the Yankees. Negro.O da'll come ter-night an' steal der hosses. Shaker.Is there any place to hide the horse? Negro.Sometimes Massa hide dem, but dars de wagon an' den da'll break in der house an' make yer tell. I concluded to put them into the stable and when Latham returned he would advise me. After waiting more than an hour the host arrived, and I told him of my trouble. He called the negro boy and told him to take the horse and mule and hide them in one of the negro huts and if any body came and asked where they were, he was to say he did not know, or he might say they were put into the stable and fed. I soon retired for the night, but was suddenly aroused about midnight by the boisterous noises of some one or ones who had called for the master of the house. They were admitted and conducted up stairs to a room. They talked very loud, and I believed tney were robbers and w^ould demand my horses. I slept but little, and was out at the dawn of day, and as soon as the animals had been fed preparations were made to continue the journey. Fortunately I left the place without molestation and started for Dresden, Tenn. When within three miles of the village, I called at a house to see if I could stop till Monday. The man of the place was away from home and the woman was in trouble. She said that the guerrillas and Yankees had robbed them of their horses and of nearly all they had to live on. She said it was of no use to buy seed as they were unable to cultivate the land. I concluded to drive a little nearer to the village and try again. I called at a nice-looking residence, and the story of my last stopping-place was repeated. The man said they had been robbed of everything and had not a thing left on which to feed a horse, but if I could stay on such conditions I should be welcome. However, I concluded to drive on as the horses must have something to eat. When near Dresden I asked a negro if the soldiers were yet in town. He said the soldiers had just gone away. At the hotel I met an old friend and he provided a safe place for both my horse and wagon. I subsequently THE MANIFESTO. 77 learned that both houses where I had called were broken into and robbed that same night. After disposing of my garden seeds, I was fortunate enough to reach home in safety. Through the whole of this year there was but little rest to be found. Although the Southern army did not march through the state as formerly, yet hardly a day passed that the Shakers were not obliged to provide food for Union soldiers and for those who fiercely demanded if. On some accounts the country was in a much worse state and the people suffered more than they did during the invasion of either the Confederate or Union army. There was no hour of safety, day or night. To forcibly enter a house and demand your money, or whatever they might choose, was of daily occurrence. Breaking into the houses at night was so common that it deprived many of their much needed rest. Many years will be required in this part of the country before the ruinous results of the war will have passed away. It has been an ordeal that one would not care to pass through more than once in a life time. Yet South Union with all its suffering has been especially protected. The civil government has kindly recognized the religious principle that governed the lives of the people, and acted accordingly, and it was through the care of an overruling Providence that we were protected from harm during this furious storm of the worst passions of the human mind. (The End.)