NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. March. Thermometer. Itain. Snow. 1894. 39 20 1 in. 5 in. 1895. 24.87 % ' 19 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 52 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 6 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 2 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 8 ' ' clear ' ' ' 12 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 9 C. G. Reed. Center Family. April, 1895. The April number of The Manifesto reached us this evening, well filled with choice reading matter from the various contributors in our sister Societies. It does us good to see so many able and busy brains working to help the cause nearest to our hearts. I am sorry we can not report an ingathering to our Zion home; those who abide the work are loyal and what are numbers compared to invincible integrity? The idea comes that with the starting of a new colony some may be led to inquire what it means. If there be vitality enough in the body to send out missionaries the Church is not dead and while there is life there is hope; we live not only for ourselves but for mankind; our mission is to preach the gospel to the ends of the earth. We are or used to be called the United Society of Believers; I think could we make that title a little more or a good deal more practical it would redound to our glory. Spring time has come again, the harbinger of another busy season. We are making preparations for another winter, by storing fire wood. We hear encouraging news from the Brethren in Florida. May the Lord bless and prosper the good work being done in that far away land of promise. I have been thinking about the Bible story concerning the children of Israel, how before entering the Promised Land, the Leaders of the people sent out twelve spies to view the land they were to inherit, and only two of that number brought back a goodly report, bearing with them the fruits of the land; great clusters of grapes. So much for the story, whether true or false, and it serves to illustrate human nature. We hear many conflicting stories of the sunny south and out of the drift we sometimes see a gem of real worth. Timothy Raynon. North Family. April, 1895. Home Notes are not necessarily a rehearsal of external occurrences, while things of much greater importance seem to present themselvesnamely, our mental and spiritual status. 'The life is more than meat and the body is more than raiment.' True goodness never contracts the mind and soul, but ever tends to broaden thought and action. They whose lives are wholly absorbed in doing good are, as TERMS. 112 THE MANIFESTO. a happy result saved from evil, having risen above it. He who 'maketh his sun to rise on the evil and the good and sendetli rain on the just and on the unjust' would not have us an exclusive people. Let us not hide our light under a bushel and think we shall be benefited thereby or we shall find ourselves narrower than those we look upon as belonging to the lower grade of society. Let us aim to act in accordance with the principles we profess to embody in our lives; aim to advance wisely while so doing, not permit our exalted position to become lowered, or our sacred principles to become desecrated by those who would for selfish and pernicious purposes use our name, or caricature us to our detriment. The Christ spirit which has been made manifest through many personalities as far back in history as we have any record, is as fully alive as ever, and is inspiring the hearts and lives of many to-day. The pessimist, if he will, may enjoy his own dark forebodings; but the optimist, God's own instrument for good, hears amidst the clamor of mental distraction, a voice, telling of better things in the near future) and sees through the smoke of false ideas' grand and ennobling thoughts finding birth all around him. One of the many encouraging signs which we particularly notice is, that minds on the higher strata of life are deeply interested to know more of a true Christian life and to seek more ardently to investigate the principles that govern our Church. This gives opportunity for the distribution of pamphlets and tracts treating upon various subjects pertaining to our faith. Last year we spent over two hundred dollars for missionary purposes, and we look upon it as money well spent. Our good Sister Ann Offord, who has for more than twenty years filled the office of Deaconess, resigns on account of physical indisposition. She is at present, with Sister Louisa Bell, sojourning with kind and loving friends at Enfield, Conn. To heal the soul is one thing, to heal the body is quite another; they both belong together and together they are destined to rise out of old into new conditions. This all important law of healing which Jesus and Mother Ann recognized and practiced upon the people in their time, is working like leaven among a certain class and will be made more manifest as minds are prepared to receive it. Sister Martha J. Anderson resigns Imposition as assistant Eldress and fills the vacancy in the Order of Deaconesses. Sister Sarah Jane Burger is called to the Eldership. We rely upon a spiritual gift and trust all is wisely done. We shall soon plough and plant and believe that God will give the increase. Health of family generally good; having a grip on hygiene, La Gripp finds us fully equipped against him. Love and good-will to our dear friends everywhere. Grace S. Bowers. Shaker Station, Ct. April, 1895. 'Home sweet home, there is no place like home' with the virtuous and true. How many different homes Believers represent, and yet, there is a spirit of union and love existing among the members of each Society, that unites them in the bonds of the gospel, 'for we are members one of another.' How blessed it is to feel that we are under the care of One 'who doeth all things well.' We delight to think on God's promises to those who obey Him. Let us cling to Him who is our refuge and strength, and by the cross make our lives full of brightness and joy and an honor and glory to Him who has enabled us to be heirs to a kingdom that is eternal in the heavens. Love lightens labor, and as we help others, a well-spring of joy and happiness springs up to cheer and encourage, even though our burdens seem heavy. To admire a virtuous life, yet not live it, is sad. Steady growth in the right direction is the growth that tells. ******* THE MANIFESTO. 113 Buying seed requires greater confidence in the integrity of the seller than any other article of merchandise. 'Chicago has twenty-five buildings that are more than twelve stories high.' The whole basis of winter laying hens may be summed up as follows: supply the hens in winter with what they can pick up during summer months. A hen at large, supplies herself with grit in the shape of sharp flinty substance. It is proper care and food that hastens early laying. Hens should have all the milk they can readily drink; no kind of ood is better adapted to egg production. Daniel Orcutt. South Family. April, 1895. Home Notes are again in demand, and the time seems unusually short since the last issue. The return of spring, with its mud and almost impassable roads, is here. We have but little rain, although April is the month for frequent showers, and the cold winds of March have not disappeared, still preparations for gardening are being made. The tomatoes started in boxes are doing well and will be in readiness for transplanting when the time arrives. The bluebirds and robins have come and receive a welcome greeting as we love to hear their musical voices. The past week the fruit trees have received the second application of the spraying apparatus which will prevent the blight that would otherwise spoil the fruit. Some seven hundred trees of different varieties are very soon to be set out, also a new strawberry bed. This is the time of year to find plenty of occupation both in the house and out. Housecleaning is progressing in our home, removing all objectionable objects which have accumulated through a long cold winter. When duties are well performed in their season, peace and rest will follow. A comparatively good degree of health is enjoyed in our family at present, and is the cause of deep thankfulness to the giver of every good and perfect gift. We had a short though pleasant visit the past week with two Sisters from the North family at Mt. Lebanon. These interviews help to strengthen the bond of union between the Societies and so are very profitable. Maria Witham. Enfield, N. H. April, 1895. With the beautiful month of May just dawning, we are glad to greet the- readers of The Manifesto with the cheery salutation, 'God bless you all;' while we chronicle the good news of general good health and prosperity. The bleak winds of winter have dealt fairly with us, having made no inroads on our physical organizations causing lingering illness, which so wrecks human happiness. On March 22nd Br. Simeon Childs took his transition to the Celestial City. 'Where kinilreil ami .-u;: niians are joyful To wi.len the spiritual boni.' Sixty-two years of his life were devoted to the work of regeneration, and no other man more effectually won the palm of victory over self and sin. It may well be said that those loved him most who knew him best. He needs no monument of honor but the one already erected in the hearts of his home relations. Gospel kindred, as one by one our friends ascend, what are we doing to fill the vacancies made? We are in the midst of mr sugar liarvest having tapped 1800 tries. As compared with last season we are having rather a late spring, but acting upon the advice of a very wise philosopher who declared it was always best to let the weather take its course, we are waiting the arrival of summer when we shall exchange the snow shovel for the hoe and rake and toil for those things which though perishable are indispensable to all alike while inhabiting this mundane sphere. On the evening of April 2nd twenty-five members of the Enfield Christian Endeavor 114 THE MANIFESTO. society, spent over two hours at our sugar-camp, enjoying its fruits and in singing hymns and conversing upon profitable subjrcs. As is well known, they are a growing society. George H. Baxter. Sabbathday Lake, Me. April, 1895. March has gone. With us it was a cold disagreeable month, and on leaving roared like a lion. It came in like a lamb but the lamb was soon frozen. Now April comes with its sunshine and showers, making muddy roads and walks. Soon the waters of the lake will yield to the sun's hot rays and come forth sparkling as brightly as ever. These are fine days for the maple trees which are giving us an abundant harvest. It is a pleasure to the young people to be out early, these bright mornings, gathering the sap which is brought to the evaporator in barrels. Our dearly loved Eldress Lizzie Noyes oversees the whole business. The hum of the wood-saw has been heard for the past fortnight. That job is over now. Our portable engine has done its part of the work very faithfully. The banks of the mill pond are piled with logs waiting to be sawed into lumber for the Lewiston market. Many a noble tree lies there whose beauty has been destroyed by the woodman's ax. We manage to get along from year to year by united and consecrated efforts, and have not yet thought of migrating to Florida, but Believers can not be separated in spirit, though their homes may be far apart. Ada S. dimmings. Pleasant Hill, Ky. April, 1895. Beloved Elder Henry:I always read The Manifesto with great interest and am glad we have this exponent of our faith and of the glorious salvation from sin we have found in obedience to the teachings of Christ. I am sure all who have tasted of the joys of the world to come and realized the satisfaction of a selfish life laid down to take up the burden of the Lord, would willingly proclaim to the whole world that 'now is come salvation and the kingdom of our God.' Of the many children for whom we care, it seems that many are led to love the life of Christ, but when the test is applied, 'Except a man forsake all that he hath he can not be my disciple,' many prove moral cowards and are slaves to the passions which rule the heart of the natural man. Yet, how many are thankful they were educated with the Shakers and when stricken with poverty or death, their first thought is that their children be placed with the Shakers to receive a like education. All we can do is to offer to those who come among us, the gospel of love and purity in all its attractiveness, and some good fish will remain while the others go back into the sea from whence they came. May the Lord bless and unite his people and send faithful workers into his vineyard. Lucinda M. Reynolds. White Water, O. North Family. April, 1895. As the cold weather has abated and the warm sun is spreading its rays over our beautiful White Water valley, I thought a few home items might be of interest to our Gospel friends, both east and west. We are at the present time, planting our potatoes. Expect to plant about five acres. The cold weather has not injured our fruit crops as badly as we expected. I presume if we have no more heavy frosts, we may be blest with some fruit, which has been a failure for the past three years. Our good Sisters are very busy at our home cleaning house. The Bible teach- THE MANIFESTO. llo es, 'Cleanliness is next to Godliness,' and we believe it. What a blessing it is to the Brethren that they have kind and willing Sisters ever ready to beautify our gospel home and we know from past experience, that they are glad that there are good and faithful Brethren to help as this season of renovating and repairing comes round. Brother Charles Dixon, our herdsman is very active with the whitewash brush, and I presume when he gets through, we will hardly know our old place. May God bless every soul who is willing to help beautify and build up our gospel homes, both temporally and spiritually. On the 23rd of March we opened a pit of potatoes and found enough new ones there for a dinner for fifteen gi'own persons. I do not know whether our Florida Brethren can excel this or not. We of White Water extend our prayers and love to our gospel friends in Florida. Recently, I had the privilege of visiting at Union Village and enjoyed it very much. La Fayette Parker. Shakers, N. Y. North Family. April, 1895. While pursuing the even tenor of our way, we have with us the blessings of God and it is of very great importance to the mind as we view life from an external point of view. 'The Kingdom of heaven is within you.' There should be laid the foundation on which to build the superstructure in which shall be the dwellingplace of that spiritualized being who has attained the mastery over the rudimentary life; not through the 'conflict with carnal weapons attaining power over fellow mortals and compelling States and Empires to do homage to their will. Spring is very backward comparing it with past seasons. At present writing there are large snow-drifts to be found in the woods though the cleared land is generally free. March showed very little indications of balmy spring, but was typical of the month in maintaining boisterous weather. As far as health is concerned there has been a favorable state with the exception of colds and a few cases of the grip. By the time of the appearance of these Notes your humble correspondent will be busily engaged in the garden. We feel thankful for the privilege to commune with gospel Brethren and Sisters either thivugh The Manifesto or in daily communion. They quicken the spirit and make one feel that 'Life is more than meat and the body than raiment.' Hamilton DeGraw. Harvard, Mass. April, 1895. The long tedious winter has finally left us, after holding us in its icy embrace till the last of the month. Not a spring note was heard during the month, save on one sunny day a bluebird uttered one feeble song, and then disappeared not to come again till it could hail tl.-e month of showers. The farmers have the wo;id securely housed, and are now busily engaged making preparations for seed time. It has been arranged for our South family to remove from their present home to live in our Church family. The removal takes place about the 18th of April. 'ihey will be heartily welcomed. In concentrating our forces ti-ere is strength. Our aged ones have endured the severity of the season remarkably well and all have been free irom illness, with tLe exception of an epidemic of colds which soon left us. Our centenarian, Br. Ezra Newton is very feeble and needs constant care. He has been growing more feeble since the celebration of his one hundredth birthday. In these troublous times we have much cause to offer oblations of praise to the Father of mercy and justice. By living by the revelation of his spirit we have a peace that the world can not give neither can it take it away. Marcia M. Mallard.