SELF-CONTROL. By Edwin P. Sevester. 'TT^ITHER we must master ourselves, and rule our passions and temper, or JLjJelse they will rule us. It is strength of character to live to our principles, to have the moral courage to live out our convictions of right and truth, to stand up against adversity, to be calm and self-contained even when the arrows of malice pierce us most cruelly. It is strength to perform our whole duty to man without hope or any prospect of reward. The man or woman of unbending moral principle is a real hero. The one who stands erect with his heel on the demon of temptation, is nobler and stronger than the most gifted statesman or the conquering chief. The taint of sin gives all of us THE MANIFES TO. 101 passions and opens a hundred avenues to the tempter. To close them all, and live true to ourselves, and to the right, is to exalt our most divine life and be a blessing to mankind. Our choracter is to be built like a dam in a river. While being compacted and solidified, the restrained waters, like evil passions and wicked impulses, seek to break through; a single breach and it widens, and at last the torrent destroys the whole dam. Guard against the smalk st fracture, and it is safe and strengthens year by year, until at last, firm as the anchored rock it breasts the mightiest floods or freshets unharmed. Without this unyielding self-control, our life is like a ship without a rudder or compass, blown about hither and thither by every wind and at last wrecked. But with it, it is like the same ship, with a safe and strong arm at the helm, that holds her to her course, when the storm-clouds lower or the angry gales seek to drive her toward the breakers ; that avoids the hidden rocks and shoals, bringing her safely into port. In this endeavor, we fail not to war against vice in all its myriad forms. Evil is often robed in splendor, but however dazzling the outer, within is but corruption and decay. 'Whited sepulchers which indeed appear beautiful outward, but within are full of dead men's bones and all uncleanness.' If the canker worm is at the core of an apple, it is destined to decay and no earthly power can avert its fate. It is the first encroaches which should be most sternly repulsed. Each temptation, which moral rectitude enables us to resist, leaves us stronger for the next encounter. But woe to him who yields to the tempter; at each successive attack the moral stamina grows weaker and weaker for the walls of even a Sebastopol lose their protective value, whenever a single breach is made in them. How truthfully a gifted poet has declared : 'We are not bad at once. The course of evil Begins so slowly, and from such slight source An infant's hand could stem its breach with clay. But let the stream grow deeper, and Philosophy, Aye and Eeligion too will strive in vain To stem the head-long torrent.' . Religion is fully able .to 'stem the head-long torrent' of sin if only the wicked will be released from his wickedness, because man is a free agent, able to accept or refuse at his own free choice the means God has offered him in the gospel to be redeemed from sin. We are born into this world, with good and evil mysteriously combined within us. The soul is the immortal, divine, and we are created in the image of God. But after a little time, comparatively, the child's passions develop ; self-will, defiance, anger and revenge in a greater or less degree, and this compels that parental restraint, so valuable and necessary in every household, be exercised. Thus the Spirit of good and the spirit of evil struggle for the mastery in every heart. With every 102 THE MANIFESTO. good impulse drawing us toward the right, and with every evil impulse drawing us toward the wrong we commence the endless, ceaseless battle of life. Our birth is but a starting place, Life is the running of the race. Properly trained and conscientiously directed, the child grows up an affectionate, enlightened, energetic, self-denying man, an honor and a blessing to the community where he resides, beloved while living and when life is ended, remembered and regretted by many hearts. Shakers, N. Y.