NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. March. Thermometer. Itain. Snow. 1894. 39 20 1 in. 5 in. 1895. 24.87 % ' 19 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 52 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 6 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 2 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 8 ' ' clear ' ' ' 12 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 9 C. G. Reed. Center Family. April, 1895. The April number of The Manifesto reached us this evening, well filled with choice reading matter from the various contributors in our sister Societies. It does us good to see so many able and busy brains working to help the cause nearest to our hearts. I am sorry we can not report an ingathering to our Zion home; those who abide the work are loyal and what are numbers compared to invincible integrity? The idea comes that with the starting of a new colony some may be led to inquire what it means. If there be vitality enough in the body to send out missionaries the Church is not dead and while there is life there is hope; we live not only for ourselves but for mankind; our mission is to preach the gospel to the ends of the earth. We are or used to be called the United Society of Believers; I think could we make that title a little more or a good deal more practical it would redound to our glory. Spring time has come again, the harbinger of another busy season. We are making preparations for another winter, by storing fire wood. We hear encouraging news from the Brethren in Florida. May the Lord bless and prosper the good work being done in that far away land of promise. I have been thinking about the Bible story concerning the children of Israel, how before entering the Promised Land, the Leaders of the people sent out twelve spies to view the land they were to inherit, and only two of that number brought back a goodly report, bearing with them the fruits of the land; great clusters of grapes. So much for the story, whether true or false, and it serves to illustrate human nature. We hear many conflicting stories of the sunny south and out of the drift we sometimes see a gem of real worth. Timothy Raynon. North Family. April, 1895. Home Notes are not necessarily a rehearsal of external occurrences, while things of much greater importance seem to present themselvesnamely, our mental and spiritual status. 'The life is more than meat and the body is more than raiment.' True goodness never contracts the mind and soul, but ever tends to broaden thought and action. They whose lives are wholly absorbed in doing good are, as TERMS. 112 THE MANIFESTO. a happy result saved from evil, having risen above it. He who 'maketh his sun to rise on the evil and the good and sendetli rain on the just and on the unjust' would not have us an exclusive people. Let us not hide our light under a bushel and think we shall be benefited thereby or we shall find ourselves narrower than those we look upon as belonging to the lower grade of society. Let us aim to act in accordance with the principles we profess to embody in our lives; aim to advance wisely while so doing, not permit our exalted position to become lowered, or our sacred principles to become desecrated by those who would for selfish and pernicious purposes use our name, or caricature us to our detriment. The Christ spirit which has been made manifest through many personalities as far back in history as we have any record, is as fully alive as ever, and is inspiring the hearts and lives of many to-day. The pessimist, if he will, may enjoy his own dark forebodings; but the optimist, God's own instrument for good, hears amidst the clamor of mental distraction, a voice, telling of better things in the near future) and sees through the smoke of false ideas' grand and ennobling thoughts finding birth all around him. One of the many encouraging signs which we particularly notice is, that minds on the higher strata of life are deeply interested to know more of a true Christian life and to seek more ardently to investigate the principles that govern our Church. This gives opportunity for the distribution of pamphlets and tracts treating upon various subjects pertaining to our faith. Last year we spent over two hundred dollars for missionary purposes, and we look upon it as money well spent. Our good Sister Ann Offord, who has for more than twenty years filled the office of Deaconess, resigns on account of physical indisposition. She is at present, with Sister Louisa Bell, sojourning with kind and loving friends at Enfield, Conn. To heal the soul is one thing, to heal the body is quite another; they both belong together and together they are destined to rise out of old into new conditions. This all important law of healing which Jesus and Mother Ann recognized and practiced upon the people in their time, is working like leaven among a certain class and will be made more manifest as minds are prepared to receive it. Sister Martha J. Anderson resigns Imposition as assistant Eldress and fills the vacancy in the Order of Deaconesses. Sister Sarah Jane Burger is called to the Eldership. We rely upon a spiritual gift and trust all is wisely done. We shall soon plough and plant and believe that God will give the increase. Health of family generally good; having a grip on hygiene, La Gripp finds us fully equipped against him. Love and good-will to our dear friends everywhere. Grace S. Bowers. Shaker Station, Ct. April, 1895. 'Home sweet home, there is no place like home' with the virtuous and true. How many different homes Believers represent, and yet, there is a spirit of union and love existing among the members of each Society, that unites them in the bonds of the gospel, 'for we are members one of another.' How blessed it is to feel that we are under the care of One 'who doeth all things well.' We delight to think on God's promises to those who obey Him. Let us cling to Him who is our refuge and strength, and by the cross make our lives full of brightness and joy and an honor and glory to Him who has enabled us to be heirs to a kingdom that is eternal in the heavens. Love lightens labor, and as we help others, a well-spring of joy and happiness springs up to cheer and encourage, even though our burdens seem heavy. To admire a virtuous life, yet not live it, is sad. Steady growth in the right direction is the growth that tells. ******* THE MANIFESTO. 113 Buying seed requires greater confidence in the integrity of the seller than any other article of merchandise. 'Chicago has twenty-five buildings that are more than twelve stories high.' The whole basis of winter laying hens may be summed up as follows: supply the hens in winter with what they can pick up during summer months. A hen at large, supplies herself with grit in the shape of sharp flinty substance. It is proper care and food that hastens early laying. Hens should have all the milk they can readily drink; no kind of ood is better adapted to egg production. Daniel Orcutt. South Family. April, 1895. Home Notes are again in demand, and the time seems unusually short since the last issue. The return of spring, with its mud and almost impassable roads, is here. We have but little rain, although April is the month for frequent showers, and the cold winds of March have not disappeared, still preparations for gardening are being made. The tomatoes started in boxes are doing well and will be in readiness for transplanting when the time arrives. The bluebirds and robins have come and receive a welcome greeting as we love to hear their musical voices. The past week the fruit trees have received the second application of the spraying apparatus which will prevent the blight that would otherwise spoil the fruit. Some seven hundred trees of different varieties are very soon to be set out, also a new strawberry bed. This is the time of year to find plenty of occupation both in the house and out. Housecleaning is progressing in our home, removing all objectionable objects which have accumulated through a long cold winter. When duties are well performed in their season, peace and rest will follow. A comparatively good degree of health is enjoyed in our family at present, and is the cause of deep thankfulness to the giver of every good and perfect gift. We had a short though pleasant visit the past week with two Sisters from the North family at Mt. Lebanon. These interviews help to strengthen the bond of union between the Societies and so are very profitable. Maria Witham. Enfield, N. H. April, 1895. With the beautiful month of May just dawning, we are glad to greet the- readers of The Manifesto with the cheery salutation, 'God bless you all;' while we chronicle the good news of general good health and prosperity. The bleak winds of winter have dealt fairly with us, having made no inroads on our physical organizations causing lingering illness, which so wrecks human happiness. On March 22nd Br. Simeon Childs took his transition to the Celestial City. 'Where kinilreil ami .-u;: niians are joyful To wi.len the spiritual boni.' Sixty-two years of his life were devoted to the work of regeneration, and no other man more effectually won the palm of victory over self and sin. It may well be said that those loved him most who knew him best. He needs no monument of honor but the one already erected in the hearts of his home relations. Gospel kindred, as one by one our friends ascend, what are we doing to fill the vacancies made? We are in the midst of mr sugar liarvest having tapped 1800 tries. As compared with last season we are having rather a late spring, but acting upon the advice of a very wise philosopher who declared it was always best to let the weather take its course, we are waiting the arrival of summer when we shall exchange the snow shovel for the hoe and rake and toil for those things which though perishable are indispensable to all alike while inhabiting this mundane sphere. On the evening of April 2nd twenty-five members of the Enfield Christian Endeavor 114 THE MANIFESTO. society, spent over two hours at our sugar-camp, enjoying its fruits and in singing hymns and conversing upon profitable subjrcs. As is well known, they are a growing society. George H. Baxter.