WHICH CHOOSE YE? By Earnest Pick. AS followers of Christ, true servants of God, we have no time to be idle, morose nor unchristian, nor can we pass our time in silly gossip or poisonous slander; neither in slighting nor being slighted, but it behooves us to be awake to the use we make of each moment of our life ; to know but one thing ;the Christ spirit; to have and keep but one aim before our eyes : that justice and equality be established in the earth. Count not our labors, burdens and crosses; think not of ourselves, our ease and comfort, but have our faces set like a flint heavenward, toward the sun of everlasting righteousness. Neither consider whether or not we derive any benefit or reward for our labor, immediately, for the reward will be with us. There are two powers at work in this world of ours. One is like unto a man who came into the possession of a fertile valley and wooded hillside and forthwith he begins to cut down the inhabitants of the foi'ests and woods , and sells them, thinking in his mind, that he will have profit enough as long as he liveth. After all the trees are cut down, the rains of the summer and the snows of the winter find no more impediment to check their course and absorb their moisture and they wash the hillsides bare and carry off the fertile soil of the valley within their course. Time passes, a few years roll by and they find the hillsides barren and naked, the valley dry and sterile ; desolation is written on the face of the plane, desolation is echoed back from the mountains. The other power is like unto a man who comes into this same valley and resolves to make the wilderness blossom like a rose. He, too, engages in hard work ; for every tree that the first man spnt down the valley he sends one up the hill, for each tree that has been rooted up, he planteth one. He never grows weary in his up-hill work, spending all his means, strength and all the days of his life. A shrewd man passes by saying : 'He is a fool.' But time passes ; a few years roll by and they find the hill-side clothed with verdure and shade, the valley blooming in the pride of its gardens and fields. Prosperity is written on the face of the valley, prosperity is echoed back from the mountains. In which of these two powers are we moving? In the one which looks at immediate profit and gain and after all labor, anxiety and planning leaves but a curse to posterity ? or in the one that cares naught for immediate reward and after all labor, anxiety and planning leaves a blessing to posterity and generations after ? Which work are you engaged in, brother, pray, which is your choice, sister? Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.