GLEAMS FROM THE DIVINE INMOST. By Oliver C. Hampton. /^ORGANIZATION is the primal energy of pure being. It is even beV_y hind all Evolution. Again, systematic arrangement underlies all esoteric existences and phenomena. All things visible and invisible are one; therefore the law of differentiation is only in degrees, not in variety of substance for there is none. The greater the energy the greater the results : the less, the less and no matter what directions they take. A greater amount of energy plus a lesser, will produce a greater result than either separately. If God's love and wisdom are greater than mine and he imparts a measure to me I am blessed and bettered thereby. If I have more than another and impart to him, the same result follows. If an inmate of the slums of New York or London has, and imparts, more love and wisdom than a scullion the latter will be blessed and bettered. This seems to be a comforting confirmation of St. Paul's remarkable saying 'Without ah1 contradiction the less is blessed of the better.' This sublime law of the universe when brought into practical requisition and systematic arrangement of Ministry, Elders, Trustees, Deacons and all members in the Church does work wonders. One of these THE MANIFESTO. 99 is, that it gives room for the faculties and talents of the members in all directions of usefulness. No one can appreciate nor even calculate the immense value of this sublime arrangement only by an actual experience of long duration in obedience to its dictates. The results of this obedience are the gradual expansion of that little spark of the Kingdom of Heaven in each one of us into a genial fire and which Jesus declared consisted of righteousness, peace and joy in the Holy Spirit. What greater Heaven than this can be found here or hereafter? At the risk of being thought a fool (albeit for Christ's sake,) I will point out one of the paths of evolution I have found through the instrumentality of this systematic arrangement. I discovered man in his rudimental condition to be not much better than an animal. The secretions of his blood, his animal energies and lower impulses led him directly to a life of generation: but when I confessed my sins I became convinced that these secretions were capable of re-absorption and of being carried to the front and top brain there to give amazing energy to pure sweet and holy impulses to higher intellectual energy to higher aspiiations for love and good will to others. This was a regeneration of all the animal instincts into a vastly higher type of energy. Then came the tug of war, for 'Greek had met Greek.' I was confronted with the solemn alternative, 'Choose ye this day whom ye will serve' the inexorable demands of generation or the higher call for regeneration? My own will and choice must arbitrate this awful question. I must choose for myself. Jesus had not come unto me for it was now dark and he was asleep in the hinder part of the ship, and so after much wrestling I decided once and forever for a life of regeneration ; to lay down and abandon forever the world, the flesh and all negative issues. O what immortal glories I receive glimpses of, as I progress in this sublime evolution from flesh to spirit or from lower to higher existence. I sometimes exclaim with the poet 'In thy goodness O God what a victory is this Over all evil passions to reign, With a Heaven here on Earth and the bright fields of bliss, And sin can not come with its pain. As the green waving tree or the still autumn sky Is the Holy serene of the souls Who have fought the good fight and ascended on High Where the river of Love ever rolls.' In more and more love and better and better wishes for The Manifesto and all its managers and manipulators I close. Union Village, O.