Books and Papers. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health lor April leads with a character study of the Hon. Thomas C. Platt, the eminent political manager. It is from a personal examination by the editor, Dr. Beall, and is commendable for its cool impartiality and close analysis. Two portraits are given which clearly illustrate the qualities described. 'Education for Every Day,' by Caroline BLeRow, -will be appreciated by practical people; and 'Temperament and Faculty,' by W. P. Underwood, will interest students of Phrenology. 'My&amp;terie^ of To-day,' by Anna Olcott Commelin is a story of experience in occultism. Dr. H. S. Drayton contributes a valuable paper on the scientific standing ofGall and SpurzIieim. Mrs. Wells gives a fine sketch of William Walton, with illustrated extracts from his writings on the English poets, eomparingheads with their literary productions. Professor Sizer presents a galaxy of 'young hopefuls' in the Child Culture Department, with numerous handsome illustrations of special value to parents. Under Science of Health are a number of excellent articles on Magnetism, Elements of Blood, and other hygienic questions of importance. The Editor has an illustrated physiognomical study of the mouths of Archbishop Satolli and Mary Anderson, and an earnest, eloquent protest against the whipping post in the light of phrenological philosophy, etc., etc. Current Events Current Events, the new magazine printed at Rockville, Conn., gives a complete review of the important news of the world every month, with timely illustrations, for 30 cents a year. It tells of the progress of the world in an accurate, interesting way, and it is therefore used by many teachers as a supplementary reader for school use. The publishers send sample copies free on receipt of postal. A feature of the April number is an up-to-date review of the China-.]apan war. THE WORK OF ALBERT LYNCH THE WORK OF ALBERT LYNCH. A lbert Lynch, whose work is becoming so much more generally known to Americans through his drawings in Scribner's Magazine and his cover designs for The Ladies' Home Journal is Peruvian by birth, but of English parentage. He is only thirty-three years of age, and of extremely retiring disposition. He is unmarried and lives in Paris. The young artist commands the highest prices for his work, his smallest water-color paintings read ily selling for $600 to $900 each. In 1893 he received the Salon's first prize for his beautiful panel of 'Spring,' showing a single figure. This picture won the admiration of the French art critics and the public to such an unusual degree that the painting was sold for a fabulous sum to a private Paris buyer. Recently The Ladies' Home Journal acquired all publication rights to this painting, and it will serve as one of the cover designs for that magazine. The next issue of the Journal will also have a design by Lynch, portraying his. conception of a woman's ideal costume. A succession of other cover designs by Lynch will follow these two. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. April. Contents. Primary Facts for Doctors; How to live Properly; Testimonies against Tobacco; Cancer and Vaccination; The Garden; Phrenology; A Sermon by a Layman: Substitutes for Flesh Moats, etc., etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co., Kokomo, Ind. Bible Rhymes and Bible Lessons Bible Rhymes and Bible Lessons, by Anna Bell, is published by H. L. Hastings, 49 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. This interesting and illustrated little work has for its object the stimulating of the minds of all, old and young, in the more careful study of the Bible. It is a work of some eighty pages, of excellent paper and beautiful type. The largest part is devoted to questions and answers on subjects of special interest to be found in the Scriptures, as'The Books of the Bible.' 'The Angels.' 'The Manna.' The 'Wisdom.' 'The Food, Clothing and Hair.' 'The Bible Children.' 'The Bible Mountains,' etc., etc. Sunday Schools and families would find in these carefully prepared lessons a Book of extended information, and one which would on examination be appreciated.