OBEDIENCE. By George H. Kirkley. If ye love me keep my commandments.John, xiv., 15. OUR whole duty to God is built upon a foundation of obedience to his laws. The whole creation is based upon laws which can not be disobeyed without bringing destruction to the portion that is in disobedience. We know that a disregard of the laws of hygiene is sure to be followed with consequences, that none of us are pleased to experience, and just as surely as punishmemt follows the transgression of the law of physics, just so surely will it follow a disregard of the moral laws that have been framed for the good of society, or the higher spiritual laws governing our relations to each other as religious beings. The question naturally arises, Whom and what are we to obey? Is it 106 THE MANIFESTO. our duty to obey every person who may have a seeming authority over us? Are we obliged to obey any and every rule or regulation drawn up by such authority, regardless of our personal feelings in the matter? The Declaration of Independence asserts that 'all men are created free and equal,' and this no one can deny. We all enter this world as free and independent beings, each with a distinct individuality. What we may become, depends in a measure on our early instructions, what we may wish to be, on the way we direct our youthtul ambitions, and what we are in after life, ' depends on the obedience we render to the laws of God, that have come to our knowledge, both by instruction and observation. As a Society, or as individual members of Society, our success depends, on the obedience we render to the vital piinciples involved in our 'Church Covenant,' as well as to the less important rules and precepts that govern each famity. All of us who are old enough to choose for ourselves, understand, that our presence in Society is the strongest profession we can make of obedience to its rules and regulations. The fact of our church membership is a guarantee that we are honestly professing an obedience to the laws of God as interpreted in the tenets of the Church, and an acceptance of the principles upon which the law and order of the Church are based. There is no obligation that compels one to become united with any church, or to believe in any form of worship ; but every person whose mind is developed, arrives at certain fixed ideas, wh'ch at last form a belief in the mind, which can not be doubted. Whether the belief is Christianity, Mohamedism or Atheism, it is only by living strictly to what we profess, that will bring satisfaction. It is a love for the principles that we wish to demonstrate, that gives us our greatest inspiration to obedience. Jesus said, 'He that hath my commandments and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me; and he that loveth me, shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself unto him.' Jesus has given us an example of this spirit of obedience. We read of his suffering in the garden of G-ethsemane, on the night before his crucifixion and how with the dread of his agony before him, he prayed,'O my Father, if this cup may not pass away from me except I drink it, Thy will be done.' Yet the next day, he betrayed no sign of fear, as he was led to the cross. He rendered unquestioning obedience to his Father's will, hence he is able to exhort his followers to keep his commandments; not fearingly, but with a loving cheerfulness, evidences that we have perfect love in our hearts that casteth out fear. Thus while our obedience should be inspired by a love for the principles and spirit of the work which we have undertaken, we should bear in mind, that, 'No half way work, no vain pretense, can satisfy the soul.' Enfield, N. H.