SOWING AND REAPING. By Sarah F. Bodine. T I ^HE natural or physical world is only an external manifestation of the JL spiritual, which is the archetype ;'it is the effect of which God is the cause.' All life develops from within outward. The spirit or life is eternal therefore existed before it found expression in physical organisms ; but how and when is a problem which many philosophical and scientific minds have endeavored to solve and have arrived at the conclusion that their powers of investigation and comprehension were too weak to vie with the Almighty or to measure the Infinite. That life is the vitalizing spark, burning in the heart of creation, and that it is of God we are certain ; that there are many degrees of its development we readily perceive. No manifestation of life is despicable ; go search out the ways of the Almighty; the lowest unfoldment is important and holds a relationship to the Creator according to its rank. So we are encouraged to cherish the spark that lives in humanity to toil for it and even anticipate its perfection. The sowing and reaping periods are momentous, as is also the time of cultivation. Before each of us lies a fieldthe field of destiny. The parable of the sower perfectly represents the conditions in life of every individual. We are all sowers. In this field are places as sterile as the steppes of Siberia ; spots where the refreshing dews of Divine love, and the plenteous showers of heaven's blessing never descend to moisten the parched soil, but THE MANIFESTO. 105 there are places fertile and beautiful where all that is virtuous and lovely grows. With the knowledge which we possess concerning the field wherein we are called to labor, should we not strive to understand fully the responsibility that rests upon us? We sow in the field of another as well as in our own. The sterile place must be cultivated and seeds of love, trust and purity sown therein; but the soil that yields the rose also produces the thorn, and in the ground where the wheat matures we find also the tares. The wheat we liken to that which is good, while the tares represent the evil, 'evil is the abuse of good,' the result of ignorance in the misdirection of the life forces. The great secret of our happiness lies, in directing these forces aright, in other words, sowing the seeds that will yield fruits of joy and peace. The enemy that sows tares is within ; he that heeds and watches closely every manifestation of growth, will easily discern by their formation whether they will develop into the precious and graceful wheat that bends and sways in the sunshine of God's free blessing, or into tares which are certain to yield a harvest of disappointment. 'Sow in faith, Sow the good seed, another after thee Shall reap.' We may wait long and late for the harvest of our soul efforts ; the sun may shine and the dew fall over and over again before we realize the harvest. Some thought germs may well be compared to the century plant, others to biennials, annuals etc; but as surely as the sun rises and sets in each successive day, when the harvest time comes, we shall reap that which we have sown. The law of retribution is just, and is the great power that governs life; 'whatsoever a man soweth that shall he also reap.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.