THEY MINISTERED OF HOLY THINGS. By Annie R. Stephens. Do ye not know that they which minister about holy things, live of the things of the temple? and they which wait at the altar are partakers with the altar? 1 Cor. ix., 13. WHAT a broad vista of thought this beautiful passage of Scripture opens up to the mind ! Right here I am impressed with this idea ; how much we are indebted to the Jews as a race of people; no one can read the Bible understandingly without perceiving much that is noble and grand in their history; superior in many respects to our present system of civili- THE MANIFESTO. 103 zation ; but many with ardent hopes and faces turned toward the sunrise of the coining day, are apt to discard everything of the past as worthless, in comparison with present developments. But not so; God's truth is eternal, no matter in what age of the world it was first revealed. It is well for us to perceive the good of the past, as well as the present and future. We Lave many records of this peculiar people that are truly wonderful. Moses was ordained of God as their law-giver; Aaron, his brother, their High-priest, who ministered to their spiritual necessities. They believed in one invisible God, with whom Moses held communion at various times. It is statc-d that the Lord commanded that the chief of the twelve tribes of Israel should bring a branch of almond tree to Moses, who was to write every man's name on the branch and deposit it in the Tabernacle, for the Lord would show them by a miracle which tribe should hold the office of the priesthood. In the morning, the branch that Aaron deposited had budded, blossomed and borne fruit. Thus the family of Aaron and his descendants became the hereditary priesthood, and this was the most honored office that a Jew could hold. In the sanctuary of the Temple was a secret place,the Sanctum Sanctorium, or Holy of Holies. Here was placed the Ark of the Covenant, whose golden cover was the Mercy Seat; over this the cherubim, with outstretched wings called the Throne of God; above this a visible cloud, the Sheckinah or Divine Presence, in which Jehovah was supposed to be actually present, to hear and answer prayer and make known his holy will. The High-priest alone was allowed to come into the Holy of Holies; he stood in God's presence as a 'day's-man between heaven and earth,' and communicated the law of God to tiie, people. This most sacred office required great sanctification of soul and body, for if they ministered of holy things, they must live the spiritual life of the Temple, and if they wrait at the altar they must be partakers of the Divine grace that rests over the altar. All forms, ceremonies and symbols in the lapse of ages lose their life and are destined to be succeeded by others, but the spiritual ideas that they represented, all that made them a thought of God will last forever, as Emerson so beautifully expresses it, 'The heedless world hath never lost One accent of the Holy Ghost.' We, as members of the Virgin Church of Christ, are called to be 'Priests and Priestesses unto God.' Ancient forms have passed away, but to us is revealed their deeper meaning. We have found the altar of sacrifice, so beautifully typified in the Jewish religion, whereon we sacrifice the lower life of self to gain the life of the Spirit,the eternal life. We have found the Mercy Seat covered with the overshadowing wings of a heavenly Father and Mother, where we may feel their divine benedictions; to us is revealed the Holy Presence, the light of Revelation that shows where our feet must walk 104 THE MANIFESTO. in paths of purity, self-denial aud integrity, proving by our devotion our loyalty to the cause. 'They which minister about holy things, live of the tilings of the temple, and they which wait at the altar are partak rs with the altar.' Ours is a holy faith, an exalted calling; we are to be light bearers to the world. With this sacred mission upon us, our duty is imperative to be trui' to our profession, and if we minister of holy things we must also live of holy things for 'faith without works is dead.' To render every sacrifice of self willingly, that the Truth may have its perfect work, developing the immortal faculties of the mind and uniolding that purity of soul by which alone we see God and gain eternal life, should be our life long aim. Only through obedience to divine light, and loyalty to our high principles can we bear aloft the banner of holiness and prove our heaven-sent commission. Let the fires of Truth be rekindled upon the altars of our hearts, then indeed, can we be the ministers of the holy things of the temple of which we have been made partakers. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.