TRUTH AND FICTION. By Alonzo G. Hollister. A RECENT writer has said; Man may be defined as an animal that readily believes a lie. Ancient wisdom says, In vain the net is spread in sight of any bird. 'But man not only waits patiently to have the snare woven around him, but will turn and aid its completion.' He reads or listens to fiction assuming it to be real, or quasi-real, till it takes the place of the real to him, and the real seems fancied or imaginary. We toil hard, early and late, to gain earthly pelf for the support and shelter of our bodies. Why spend those painfully coined life drops for gin, hock and whiskey, which poison the blood, or to encourage the makers of fiction to feed the mind on lies, husks and trash as a substitute for the true and the real which is ever spread out around and within us in abundance. If the latter costs more exertion and self-denial to acquire, being real and permanent, it is of a thousand-fold more value than the tissues of fiction that lazy people weave from their disordered fancies and perverted talents, to gain the means of subsistence from careless dawdlers, whose leisure is not prized as opportunity for spiritual culture, and whose labor is wasted on trifles. There is no healthy mental nourishment in fiction. It forms an element in which the good seed of the gospel will not grow. People feed their own spiritual craving and the minds of children, on tales of ogres, brownies, elves and pixies that have no existence outside of a delusive fancy, rather than receive instruction upon the mode of spiritual existence, the laws which govern our conditions hereafter, put in operation by our own free moral agency, and the knowledge which our departed friends MAY, 98 THE MANIFESTO. are able to give us through spiritual communication. Thus they feed on delusion till they are led to believe that all spirit manifestations me pretended and unreal, and having but slight experience of any other kind they seem to have an utter disrelish and disbelief of the true. Exciting fiction has an effect upon a sensitive, nervous temperament which may be compared to that of intoxicating beverages upon the body. It tends to pervert the reason, stimulate imagination to excess and to unbalance the judgment, substituting false criterions and false concepts for original and true. A good rule to follow for those who are cur.-ed with the habit, or who have temptations in this line, is to refuse to read any work known to be fictitious, be it long or short, and no matter how great or little the genius or fame of the writer. If you desire to reap the most satisfactory harvest, let fiction alone till you have exhausted all other sources of knowledge and you will lose nothing of value by so doing. This condemnation does not apply to moral allegories, similitudes and parables used by sages, philosophers and prophets to convey religious and spiritual truths to their hearers. These invariably appeal to, stimulate aud feed those superior faculties of mind which the fictions of the lower life narcotize and benumb. Whoever by the truth is made wholly free, will have no use for the delusive shadow called fiction. Chaff is more than fiction because it serves a need, a use, while the good seed is growing, but even that must be burned with unquenchable fire. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.