Shaker Station, Ct. April, 1895. 'Home sweet home, there is no place like home' with the virtuous and true. How many different homes Believers represent, and yet, there is a spirit of union and love existing among the members of each Society, that unites them in the bonds of the gospel, 'for we are members one of another.' How blessed it is to feel that we are under the care of One 'who doeth all things well.' We delight to think on God's promises to those who obey Him. Let us cling to Him who is our refuge and strength, and by the cross make our lives full of brightness and joy and an honor and glory to Him who has enabled us to be heirs to a kingdom that is eternal in the heavens. Love lightens labor, and as we help others, a well-spring of joy and happiness springs up to cheer and encourage, even though our burdens seem heavy. To admire a virtuous life, yet not live it, is sad. Steady growth in the right direction is the growth that tells. ******* THE MANIFESTO. 113 Buying seed requires greater confidence in the integrity of the seller than any other article of merchandise. 'Chicago has twenty-five buildings that are more than twelve stories high.' The whole basis of winter laying hens may be summed up as follows: supply the hens in winter with what they can pick up during summer months. A hen at large, supplies herself with grit in the shape of sharp flinty substance. It is proper care and food that hastens early laying. Hens should have all the milk they can readily drink; no kind of ood is better adapted to egg production. Daniel Orcutt. South Family. April, 1895. Home Notes are again in demand, and the time seems unusually short since the last issue. The return of spring, with its mud and almost impassable roads, is here. We have but little rain, although April is the month for frequent showers, and the cold winds of March have not disappeared, still preparations for gardening are being made. The tomatoes started in boxes are doing well and will be in readiness for transplanting when the time arrives. The bluebirds and robins have come and receive a welcome greeting as we love to hear their musical voices. The past week the fruit trees have received the second application of the spraying apparatus which will prevent the blight that would otherwise spoil the fruit. Some seven hundred trees of different varieties are very soon to be set out, also a new strawberry bed. This is the time of year to find plenty of occupation both in the house and out. Housecleaning is progressing in our home, removing all objectionable objects which have accumulated through a long cold winter. When duties are well performed in their season, peace and rest will follow. A comparatively good degree of health is enjoyed in our family at present, and is the cause of deep thankfulness to the giver of every good and perfect gift. We had a short though pleasant visit the past week with two Sisters from the North family at Mt. Lebanon. These interviews help to strengthen the bond of union between the Societies and so are very profitable. Maria Witham.