RIGHT LIVING. IN a Christian church, it would seem that the principle of righteousness should stand foremost, and that the general influence of the body of the church should stimulate a pleasant action in that direction. The Teacher was very emphatic in his remarks on this subject, and gave it a conspicuous place in all his lessons of instruction. The most simple and satisfactory definition of this talismanic word is, right living, and this includes right thinking, right speaking and right acting. Those who attempt to mystify the word as something almost unattainable in the ordinary course of life, that may or may not be received by imputation according to theological rules, do a great harm to the upward progress of the Christian world. The whole journey of life is a wonderful lesson, and this may include , experiences of still more wonderful variations. The advantages or disadvantages that may come through birth, through education and through association, will tell upon the mind with the most powerful effect as the pilgrim moves along from degree to degree, over the King's highway. Moses was very decided in saying that these conditions of the mind and body would be visited upon the children down to the third and fourth generation. In this example of retribution we might well say that 'the way of the transgressor is hard,' as his unrighteousness after enforcing a severe penalty upon the violator of God's law, inflicts a corresponding penalty upon others through several generations. The same law of God holds good even to the present time and the errors of one generation, or family, or church are seriously visited upon those that are to come forward on the stage of action at a much later date. A clearer insight into the workings of this peculiar law might be the means of saving many persons from suffering, from disease and even from death. Sins of every degree and of every shade are found to be more or less actively developing in the minds of those who neglect the opportunities of doing good. Jesus did not hesitate to credit the Scribes and Pharisees with the works of righteousness, and he evidently found many among them who were honorable and honest men,faithful in the performance of every obligation, and in this they were sure of their reward as was promised to the righteous man. But they were not Christians and had not accepted the more advanced light. 'Learn of me,' said the divine Teacher, and then, 'except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the Scribes and Pharisees ye shall in no wise enter into the kingdom of heaven.' As the light of God THE MANIFESTO. 10l increases the light in man must increase in corresponding ratio. This must continue, whatever the length of time may be, till that crucial test has been reached 'when the prince of this world cometh and hath nothing in me,' as said Jesus. In this arises a demand for spiritual inspection. Unrighteousness can not lead to God, ncr protect the soul in the light. Every deviation from a right course must culminate in a corresponding state of darkness. This is as unchnnging as is the scripture testimony through the inspiration of the apostle,'Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.' In his reaping his reward for ill doing, he may force many others to suffer' innocently through his transgression. He has sown to the wind and is now reaping the whirlwind. As this law so thoroughly follows individuals and inflicts upon them the penalty of their transgressions, it also follows as directly the lives of a family or a church or a community, and they suffer from every violation of right, in exact proportion to the transgression and in accordance with the law which also might read with equal propriety,Whatsoever a community soweth that also shall it reap. If we are not reaping the fruits of an active Christian righteousness, then there is great need of a more careful investigation that we may discover the source of our declension. O.ir hope of salvation for either soul or body must be in a life that is vitalized with living truth. Righteousness must be laid to the plummet with the same exactness as it was by our divine Teacher, and as thoroughly as it was by Mother Ann Lee and the Elders. Our prosperity can only be revived by rraking tiie gospel work of the first importance. 'Seek first the Kingdom of God and its righteousness,'and when this begins to stand first in our thoughts and words and in our whole life, then will spring up a spiritual prosperity filled with life from God. 'For the Lord shall comfort Zion, he will comfort all her waste places, and he will make her wilderness like Eden, and her desert like the garden of the Lord; joy and gladness shall be found therein ; and the voice of thanksgiving and melody. Therefore the redeemed of the Lord shall return, and come with singing to Zion, and everlasting joy shall be upon their heads, they shall obtain gladness and joy, and sorrow and mourning shall flee away.' Isaiah, Ji., 3, 11. A faithful continuance in well-doing will insure for us the prosperity of everything over which we may exercise a care. 'God is no respector of persons.' The righteous man will receive the righteous man's reward.