EXCHANGES. Progressive Thought Progressive Thought is published in Olathe Kansas 'in the interest of Progress and Humanity.' E. Z. Ernst, Editor of Progressive Thought is an earnest advocate for reformatory measures, in the interest of the workingman. It believes that a better day is dawning nnd urges its readers 'not to be blind to their own interests.' The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy Edited by Dr. T. V. Gifford is a welcome messenger. Lessons in life are among the most valuable, and when they are so clearly presented to the reader, most certainly should they be appreciated. Most of us who have seen one half of the journey of life could tell a wonderful story of our experience in the 'Wilderness of pills and powders.' This subject can never have too much light thrown upon it. Our Animal Friends Our Animal Friends is a beautiful periodical sent out by the 'American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.' This great kindness that is extended to the animal creation is a strong evidence of the upward march of the human race. 'Blessed are the merciful,' was not spoken in vain, and the merciful man rests assured that in his care over these animal friends he is approved of God. This beautiful work is published each month at 10 East 22nd St., New York City, at $1.00 a year. The Fire Brand The Fire Brand is from Shenandoah, Iowa. C. S. Hanley, Editor. It is a religious journal and admits no advertisements to its columns The Editor says, 'The firm name is God, the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. We are responsible to God for what we put in this paper, on 'which our readers are to feed their never dying souls.' The Altruist The Altruist is published in St. Louis, Mo, and is the exponent of the principles held by the Society. Alcander Longley is the Editor and also the President of the organization. It allows equal rights and privileges to all its members and makes no interference with the marriage relations, nox- with religious or political opinions. We hope Br. Longley will soon be able to register the onehumlred men and women that he wishes to enter his Community. Every such effort is doing good in the world and we wish for it great success. The Humane Journal The Humane Journal is published in Chicago, 111, by Albeit W. Landon. The mission of the Journal is to promulgate the law of kindness and certainly that mission must be from God. Literature of an elevated order like that found in the Humane Journal, must have a beneiicial and moulding influence on all who are privileged to read it. The paper is beautifully illustrate:! anl will be sent to any address for $1.00 a year.