Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. April. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1894. 44.3 1 in. 7 in. 1895. 44.44 5 ' 0 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 76 above 0 Lowest ' . ' ' ' 20 ' Number of rainy days ' ' 10 ' ' clear ' ' ' 10 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 10 C. 6. Meed. May, 1895. 'So, then, the year is repeating its old story again: we are come once more, thank God! to its most charming chapter. The violets and Mayflowers, are its inscriptions and vignettes.' So said Goethe, and so we say. An old story, yet forever new. We never tire of the beautiful freshness of such a spring. After so long and cold a winter we ex pected a tardy spring but like the Dutch man 'we can not nearly always sometimes tell' for surprises seem to be in order. On the fifth instant we found that we were but rive days later than the very early spring of last year; and the past warm days make the difference still less. On the 29th ult., we parted with Sisters Minerva Reynolds, and Anna Lane, of our family, and Sister Nancy Dow of the Center family, who will for the present make their home in Florida to care for the Brethren there, and give the essential requisites of 'home sweet home' to the nucleus in that southern' land. They were all loved and trusted members of our home, and the parting was sad; yet we hope that by casting our bread upon the waters, there may after many days, be a returned blessing. Charles Preston a young Brother from Canaan also accompanied them, and our earnest prayers were offered for a safe and prosperous journey, which we have since learned was accomplished in four days by steamer from New York to Jacksonville, and by rail from there to their home in central Florida. This includes also a halt of a few hours at Charleston, S. C. We trust that as soon as possible our Florida Community will be represented in the Home Notes. The present health of our family is a kind that has 'go' in it. From the eldest to the youngest, all are busy and as far as time and strength will permit, seem to be embued with the 'Public Spirit' so clearly denned by our loved Sister Martha J. Anderson, in the February No. We have always observed that the busiest people find the most leisure for making home happy, while the care and worship of self, produces a total eclipse of the comforts of home and friends. Amelia J. Calver. North Family. May, 1895. One swift leap from winter to spring brings high pressure on the few upon whose exertions we are dependent for the good things from orchard and garden. In addition to the usual work of the season TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 137 improvements are being made in our kitchen garden by draining the boggy end and arranging for irrigation on the other end. The suddenness with which the seared meadows and bare trees have clothed themselves with fresh robes of beauty, seems indeed a wondrous miracle, and gives our hearts courage to believe that through the long period of spiritual inertia divine powers have been concentrating which before long will burst forth in new spiritual life for humanity. As a people we realize the necessity of this, and the vitality latent within is reaching upward for the warmth and light of a new inspiration. We gladly let fall to earth the shriveled leaves from the tree of more than a century,old customs and forms which served well in their time, but must now give place to those better adapted to the needs of to-day. Any tree which can not renew its foliage and put forth new shoots is in process of decay. We must have fixed principles, but no stereotyped customs or patterns to hinder the future from giving those principles higher and broader expression. 'The letter killeth but the spirit giveth life.' 'Lord send by whom thou wilt,' if we may but receive the truth which alone maketh free. The letter printed in The Manifesto of July 1894, from Br. Arthur Dowe, and some later ones from other pens, justly admonish us. We bless the burning words of truth so boldly spoken. As a spiritual people we prosper only by 'seeking first the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness,'our own higher interests and those of our fellow beings. Our predecessors who labored so heroically to lay the foundation of our church, though often suffering for the common necessities of life, were never too poor to spend time and substance in spreading the light and truth of the gospel. It is a source of deep regret to us that the earnest appeal for help from California, in starting a society there did not meet with response, but the calls keep coming from others in the same region where there seems to be material p repared. The little colony in Florida have our best wishes for growth and prosperity. Now that something new has been done we hope that by another year some effort will be made to answer the calls from the Pacific coast. We have heard many words of praise for The Manifesto of May. Thanks to all to whom we are indebted for its continuance, especially to the beloved Editor. Catherine Allen.