OUR MISSION By Florence M. Peck. WHEN we think of our mission, we are naturally inclined to think of it as being in two forms; first the mission of our Church and second the mission of each one individually. The original purpose of the founders of this Church was to establish the mission of our Savior, upon a plan so simple and easy to be understood, that any one of common intelligence could be able to live the life which Jesus taught. Separation from the world, community of interest, confession of sin, and a virgin life ; these vital principles were taught and lived by Jesus and where they have been kept alive in our hearts the real mission of our founder has been established. To-day, as well as one hundred years ago, it is the mission of our Church to obey the ever increasing light that comes to us, and shed this light abroad that others may see some of the beauties of the highei life, and to 'glorify our Father which is in Heaven.' As our calling is so much above and beyond that of many others, we should be earnest as individuals to raise and keep our standard high and in this way be helping ourselves and those around us. We can not realize how far our influence may affect others or how lonoour mission may live after we think that our part is done. Ruskin tells us that 'every noble life, leaves the fibre of it interwoven forever in the work of the world. Life is so short and the good that we might do is so little that all of our life MISSION THE MANIFESTO. 131 forces must be brought to bear upon whatever talents we may possess. I believe that God will just as surely bless those who have only one talent, faithfully used, as he will those with more talents. Some may say that their mission is to do just whatever they may be called to do; another may say that each one has some especial mission to perform, that in God's great plan, each one has some especial work to do. I love to think that this is true, that our heavenly Father's care is so constant and loving that each one however situated, has a share of divine fore-thought. May my life not be a failure, but may I be given light to see and know what my especial mission is and in the strength that our Father can give, be able to perform it. We know that: 'There's never a rose in all the world, But makes some green spray sweeter. There's never a wind in all the sky, But makes some bird's wing fleeter. God gives to us all, a mission small, With which to make earth brighter.' Enfield, N. H.