INSPIRATION. By Frank Theobald. OF what use would be a piano without the marvelous touch of a master hand to bring out the sweetness and harmony which it is capable of giving? So is it with the human mind and soul. Unless touched by the inspiring hand of God we would be dead ; it is his Spirit that gives us strength and ability to give to each other our best thoughts, as in the case of all true prophets and sacred writers who, by the influence of the spirit of God, were led to prophecy and write of divine things with a certainty that leaves no room to doubt their supernatural origin. Every thought and word that tends to strengthen our care for each other and for things good and pure, is an inspiration from God ; and all reforms whether in religion, science, art, politics, mechanics, or in any of the various walks of life, if they are in the interest and for the betterment of humanity, the person through whom this work is brought about has received an inspiration from God. We may not all think alike as to the source from which the inspiration comes. For instance we would suppose that all reforms would come through agents especially prepared for the work; mortals whose lives have been filled with good deeds, love to God, and their fellow-men. This is true to THE MANIFESTO. 125 a certain extent. God works in various channels, and it is not best to judge that of which we are uncertain; but if it is the means of bringing that soul or another to the Christ life, then we can say it is the work of God. I think we should labor for this inspiration, in good fellowship; aspire for an ambition, a purpose in life, by which we can give our best thoughts, words and works, for the good of mankind. We read that the Scriptures are the Word of God, and every thoughtful, intelligent mind would be led to so believe, as they read the sacred writings which have stood the test of time, and are to-day accepted as truth. Jesus was inspired to bring salvation in his time. The inspiration which came through Mother Ann, and her fidelity to.light and truth as revealed to her, gives us the Father and Mother in Christ, as recognized in the natural order of things, and if this union is preserved, in the spirit and teaching of Mother Ann, and the first leaders of our faith, with a kindly regard for the rights and duties of each other, remembering that we are to love our neighbor as ourselves, blessing and prosperity will be our portion. All inspirations which have come from God through man, which have been proved by a practical test, as truth, will forever be accepted as such. The laws of man are changeable, but the laws of God are the same, now and forever. The power for doing good, which has made so many men and women famous, we all have, to a certain degree, and let us use this inspiration for the benefit of all, that God in His goodness, may use us, for His own honor and glory, in whatever way he deems best. Enfield, N. R.