FAITHFUL IN DUTY. A WRITER of recent date makes this remark, 'Aggressive evangelism jLjL is the only thing that will make any religion successful.' The above is so very true and so in harmony with the testimony of Jesus the Christ, that it is worth repeating many times for the especial benefit of those who have accepted the cross of Christ. To be aggressive has at first an unpleasant sound for peacemakers, as it indicates an attack, or an assault upon some other party. At first thought it seems much better adapted for the business of the sinner, rather than for tl e saint. By some it has been thought that the Christian should stand only on the defensive, and be able to protect himself again-st any form of enemy that might chance to be manifested, and let all fighting of enemies be done by those who hated each other. Opening the New Testament we at once caught sight of this peaceful solicitation, 'Come unto me all ye that are weary and heavy laden, and I will give rest unto your souls.' Such a beautiful invitation does not sound very aggressive, and it would require considerable time before either the muscular or the theological fires could be brought into action for either offensive or defensive warfare. The spirit that invades the domestic circle for the sake of arousing religious thought and enquiry, suddenly enters those hearts that are weary of the sins of the world and are anxious to find the promised rest, and yet the still small voice is far more potent in leading souls through the exaltation of divine Love. We have happily learned that God is love, and that the son of God is designated as the Prince of Peace. 'Love,' says the apostle, 'beareth all things,' and certainly can harbor no retaliation or even a wish of unkindness. To follow the Prince of Peace would be to discriminate the gift of love throughout the whole world. 'Follow peace with all men,' is another admonition from the same higher light, and demands of us a personal sacrifice for the blessing of others. In connection with these Christian influences which so thoroughly hold conscience to its duty, there is the strong predisposition in many individuals to submit to almost any disadvantage, rather than to contend for what may be termed their rights. Age also has a strong ameliorating influence over the mind, and anything that savors of contention becomes very disagreeable. A devoted life in the interests of a Christian Community can not otherwise than less- THE MANIFESTO. 133 en all the contending elements for peace, and develop more fully the better qualities of a religious mind. It is this love which is moving quietly away from the spirit of the world and imparting 'peace and assurance forever,' in a'beautiful, consecrated home while on the earth, and the anticipated hope of love and joy in the world beyond. All this love and peace and quietness and assurance may do valuable service for the world at large, and make any family or Community the abode of loving and peaceful spirits, giving them songs of joy and gifts of praise that would carry them most lovingly through the gatts into the holy City. Jesus may have thought of all this and held it in anticipation, but his direct work was quite the reverse, as he publicly remarked that he had not a private, selfish abode where he could lie down to rest. With a home, or without a home the soldier of the cross of Christ must battle against the sins of the world, for the protection of his own spirit and for the salvation of others. An aggressive warfare must be continued so long as ignorance and indolence may be found to exist, and any Community or even any individual to maintain a successful prosperity must become actively engaged in this vitalizing work, Tl e zeal that was manifested by the Apostle in his exhortation to the; Ephesians is the lesson for every Christian to have fixed in his own heart. 'Put on the whole armor of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. For our wrestling is not against flesh and blood, but against the principalities, against the powers, against the worldrulers of this darkness, against the spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places. Wherefore take up the whole armor of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day ; and having done all- to stand. Stand therefore, having girded your loins with truth, and having put on the breastplate of righteousness, and having shod your feet with the preparation of the gospel of peace ; withal taking up the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the evil one. And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God.' Enough has been left on record for us to become familiar with the course that Jesus pursued. Here is one of his lessons of aggression and yet it is a lesson of love. 'Woe unto you Scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites, for ye shut up the Kingdom of heaven against men ; for ye neither go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them that are entering to go in.' 134 THE MANIFESTO. To be able to use such language as this, a man must, indeed, have on the whole armor of God or his safety would be at a fearful discount, as these Scribes and Pharisees occupied prominent places in the government. In observing the ordinances of their religion they acknowledge no superiors. They believed that God had accorded to them wonderful privileges and made their nation a powerful representative of his divine favor, and they felt assured that no power could ever displr.ee them from their religious, exalted position. That they should be incensed at these remarks of Jesus and denounce him as under the influence of the devil, can not be thought strange, but when he took a still more aggressive position and attacked them in their selfish and sensual lives and made prominent the domestic ciicle, then they were ready to crucify him. Subsequently listening to his exhortations of peace they felt assured that he could do them no special harm, and probably anticipated that he would soon fall from sight. But suddenly they heard from him again ; 'Think not that I am come to send peace on earth ; I came not to send peace, but a sword, for I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and a man's foes shall be they of his own household.' This stands as our highest lesson in aggressive evangelism. It was the striking of the ax at the root of the tree. It was the thrusting in of the sharp sickle to reap the harvest of the earth. Paul like Jesus was assured of his spiritual success as he had 'fought the good fight of faith,'7 and contended against the principalities and powers, and against all wickedness in spiritual places. He then says, 'Our weapons are not carnal, but mighty through power to the pulling down of the strongholds of Satan. To do less for the cause of righteousness than did the apostle, after having more extended privileges, would be very much to our discredit. In accepting the call to be a disciple of Christ, we must accept the life of the Teacher. When he says 'learn of me' he evidently means that we must do as he had done, in that he denied himself of all ungodliness and every worldly lust. There can be no compromise with wrono-, and no lukewarmness in the bearing of the Cross of Christ.