-Alfred., Me. May, 1895. Afteb patiently waiting, the frosty air of winter and late spring has at length left us, and the genial rays of 'Old Sol' are resurrecting the vegetable creation, and clothing Mother Earth with a green mantle. Our days of waiting were well improved, with the duties appropriate to the season, not one day for sloth or indolence; and now comes the seed sowing. Likewise, if we patiently work and wait, the Sun of Righteousness will, in the appointed time, warm the hearts of the children &gt;f men and prepare them to receive the good seed which shall spring up and grow, increasing many fold, if the weeds of sin and selfishness are not permitted to grow and crowd out the plants of virtue. As it would not have hastened the harvest, if we had planted before the earth was warmed and prepared for the seed, let not an unwise impatience cause us to forget that the material world is a type of the spiritual, each having its seasons of sowing and harvesting. Father Joseph, whom Mother Ann esteemed as a wise man, said our Church was to have seven degrees of travel; and the counsel to us has been to keep up with the increasing growth of the Church. But each degree of travel will bring its increasing degree of crossmore denial of self and not less. A wise man of old declares that 'God hath made man upright,' but they have sought out many inventions. The Shakers, like the Apostle, 'Glory not save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ,' by whom the world is crucified unto us, and we unto the world. Anything that leads away from this cross is but progression like that of a crab. While the farmers are busy preparing and seeding the land, three painters are painting the buildings. One coat of paint every five or six years is cheaper than two coats every ten or twelve years. We have all heard that when the moun tain would not go to Mahomet, he went to the mountain. It is reversed with us, We would not go to Florida, so the Florida climate has come to us. To-day, the 10th of May, it is above 90 deg. in the shade, and has been for a number of preceeding days. If I have exceeded the 350 words, will the Editor kindly charge it to the space not occupied last monih. Fannie Casey.