Books and Papers. THE PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL AND SCIENCE of Health THE PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL AND SCIENCE of Health for May contains the lu-ual variety of excellent iratter. The editor, Dr. Beali, gives an interesting and instructive phrenograph of Mary A. Livermore, one of the greatest women of the United States, It is from a personal examination, and will serve as a fine lesson in the art of reading character. 'The Great Minority,' L&gt;y Alice E. Ives, is a brilliant nd powerful arraignment of the shams in modern social aims and habits. Mrs. Charlotte Fowler Wells continues her illustrated sketch of William Walton, explaining the relations of special talents to poetic composition. 'Phrenology in Theory and Practice,' by the Rev. N. F. Douglas, is very timely. Anna OlcottCommelin concludes her psychic story, 'Mysteries of To-Day.' A study of the late Robert Louis Stevenson, the brilliant and eccentric author, with fine portraits of himself and wife, is given by the editor, and is a lesson in character reading from photographs. Dr. H. S. Drayton contributes an erudite, scientific anil historical article. Parents will be greatly benefitted and delighted with Professor Sizer's character sketches of fifty-eight children, with engravings, among which they will certainly see, if not their own little ones, many familiar faces. The Science of Health Department is strong and the editorials are of value for their technical information and wholesome advice to young authors, with a peculiar coincidence regarding Bismarck, Gladstone and Li Hung Chang. Sketches in Wonderland Sketches in Wonderland is a beautifully illustrated Pamphlet, issued by the Northern Pacific Rail Road Company. A careful study of the life like illustrations is next best to a journey through that land of magic wonders. The Pamphlet can be obtained by forwarding six cents in stamps to Charles S. Fee, General passenger agent, St. Paul, Minn. 5000 Books THE 5000 BEST BOOKS. When a woman sends her subscription to The Ladies' Home Journal special privileges seem to go with it, besides getting her full money's worth in the magazine. She can take the fullest advantage of a perfect educational plan by which she can educate her daughters or sons at the best colleges in the country free of charge, and now the Journal has arranged it so that she can buy her bookseven a single book at a timeat prices heretofore obtained only by large buyers. There comes to us from this magazine a very artistically gotten-up illustrated booklet of ovei'250 pages, called '5000 Books,' which serves as an easy guide to the best books in any department of reading. This guide is very well done. The best literary experts of New York, Boston nnrt I'hiladelphia were engaged by the Journal to select the five thousand books which it presents as the most desirable fora home library, and their work has been admirably carried out. Very clear, explanatory comments are given by these men of books, and besides there are given not less than 160 portraits of leading authors. No book will, perhaps, do so much to extend good reading as this guide, so carefully gotten up, so beautifully printed, and so generously offered, free of any charge, by the publishers of The Ladies' Borne Journal. '5000 Books' is unquestionably the best and easiest guide to a wise selection of books that has been issued for a long time. Atheism and Arithmetic Atheism and Arithmetic. This is a singular combination and we well might ask, Whs't has Atheism or Christianity to do with Arithmetic? The author H. L. Hastings, however, is quite at home in the illustration of his subject and has called our attention to the 'Arithmetic in Plants and Planets.' 'Mathematics in musical Science.' 'Number in Vital Action.' He has even illustrated the wonderful work of God by noticing the 'Arithmetic in a Corn Field.' Books like this of such careful, useful and correct representation are valuable in any home, and could be read with profit by either young or old. Fourteen Nuts for Sceptics to Crack Fourteen Nuts for Sceptics to Crack. This little book of sixteen pages contains fourteen very pleasant articles and although written especially for those who stand outside of the church, they might be a good accompaniment to the hymn book or even the prayer book, for many who sit in front of the pulpit. The articles are all interesting and instuctive, but the illustration of 'The hen and the Egg' is just cute. Published by H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass.