West Pittsfield, Mass. May, 1895. Spring, with its multiplicity of duties both in and out of doors, was rather late in its arrival. Large piles of snow were seen on the mountains on the first of May. Still, much has been accomplished by the farmers and by others. Oats are sown and gardens planted. All are busily employed in some way to help make our home pleasant and comfortable. As we see many young tret s set out this spring, and that older trees have been trimmed and grafted, it gives encouragement for new effort. Within the buildings the brooms, mops, and utensils of the busy cleaner, are being almost constantly wielded, so that the spring cleaning will soon be accomplished. A great and much needed improvement has been made in the entrance hall at our Brick dwelling. With a new spruce ceiling, finished with shellac and varnish; a fresh coat of light paint on the walls, and one of varnish on the woodwork, the hall is transformed into a new place. It has been decided to enlarge our Trustees' Office on the west or front side. On May 1st, work commenced on the foundation. Carpenters are also at work on the window frames and such other work as is to be done in the shop. A description of the new addition can be given better at a later date. The State Road surveyors were here last week and surveyed the ground one mile west of us. We expect a road will be built this season. This, with the mile east already commenced will give us two miles of as good road as can be found in the state. On April 20th two car loads of Western cattle, numbering 57 head, arrived at our station, bought by Br. Ira Lawson, in Chicago. Some little trouble was experienced by him in bringing them into the state, caused by the Mass. Cattle Commissioners neglecting to forward the permit to East Albany where they arrived. They came through, however, after a vexatious delay without any extra expense to us. The beloved Ministry left us on the 1st inst. for a sojourn at their home in Connecticut. Our visit with Eldress Louisa Greene of Harvard will long be remembered. We have observed that an acquaintance with a Believer makes each renewal of intimacy a very pleasant and desirable event. We are again proving the truth ot the above assertion by a pleasant visit, of a few days duration with Sister Emily Offord, of Canaan, N. Y. The inmates of our home send loving greetings to all, both far and near. In the early twilight and at other times we like to talk with one another of the various homes of Believers. Not one is forgotten, in Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York, Ohio and Kentucky. The little settlement in Florida, and the one in Philadelphia where Sister Rebecca Jackson and her companions are toiling so patiently and faithfully. All these dear friends have our best wishes. May the blessing of Heaven rest upon them. Emoretta Belden.