Beloved Elder Henry;--The April Manifesto... Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. April, 1895. Beloved Elder Henry ;The April Manifesto for 1895 has quite a sprinkling of conflicting opinions relating to Florida. As every one has an opinion, whether true or false, in regard to this enterprise, which is expressed, and which is being promulgated through some one of the circulating media of communication, I concluded to give expression to my source of knowledge, sincerely hoping not to offend even the least. On the evening of Feb. 7th 1895, having finished writing my journal of the day's proceedings, also some other matters, I prepared myself for a quiet repose in the arms of Somnus. Sleep, sweet, soothing sleep was what most possessed my feelings, but a sudden and unexpected change of mind took the entire possession of me, so.that for two hours not a particle of sleep came to me. Soon after I had extinguished the light, Elder Giles A very placed himself at the east end of my room. I saw him as plainly as though he possessed a material body. At his right hand, but a little behind him stood Elder Daniel Boler. In company with the two Elders were several Brethren and Sisters who were once our companions in the earth sphere. Suddenly they all joined in singing this old familiar song: 'O what came we together to do? We'll sing the love of Mother to you, For this will all our spirits renew, And bring New earth and Heaven to view. Pure love so fresh from Mother to me, It makes me feel so happy and free, I never did feel so joyful before; O I want more love, Mother's love more.' Having finished singing this piece, they sang the anthem, 'Parents Blessing,' which commences, 'Ho, this is the hour wherein I can rejoice and be glad.' The anthem was finished and then Elder Giles, who appeared to be the leader of the company assembled turned to me and said, I want you to say to Elder Joseph, that the Florida enterprise did not originate in the earth sphere, it was ministered from the Spirit world. We inspired those outside of our Community to engage in the prosecution of the enterprise. This has influenced and moved them to accept conditions and work with you for its consummation. 128 THE MANIFESTO. We in the Spirit sphere feel in earnest to have you, Elder Joseph, press the prosecution of the work with your untiring energy. We will work with you and bless your earnest efforts. We wish you to be assured that your gospel relation in the Spirit world are with you heart and soul, to strengthen you and to bless you. We can see clearly what to your vision is obscure. Sometime after this interview I fell into a quiet repose which held me until about midnight, when it seemed that some one was pressing on my feet, but not succeeding in waking me, they came to the head of the bed and struck me a heavy blow on the shoulder which suddenly awakened me. So real was the shock, that I turned saying ; 'What do you want? ' No one answered, and 1 saw no one, but the following stanza was vividly impressed upon my mind as though some one was repeating the words, and I arose, lighted a lamp and sketched them. O work ye my people, O work saith the Lord; Work ye in my Spirit, You will have your reward. A house I am building, 'Tis the Temple of Love, In a land of bright promise, Blessed by heaven above. There are others in our Community who have seen the spirit of the Lord has cast a halo of blessing on our investment in Florida. Those who think that God has especial respect for any place upon his footstool to the exclusion of all other places must upon more mature reflection, blush that they have such poor conception of the wisdom and benevolence of the divine Creator. Even mediums outside of our Community see glory and the hand of God in our Florida plantation. Brother Alonzo Hollister received a letter from a friend in Lancaster, O. on March 11, 1895, as follows; Deak Friend and Brother;I received a communication from the greatest medium in the world. She says that the Society which goes south, will be a spiritual success, and will get the greatest spiritual demonstrations the world has seen. She said the light blinded her eyes. I thought this of so much consequence to you and yours that I send it right along. The name of the medium is Dr. Amy Little. Respectfully, - - - - - - -'In the mouth of two or three witnesses every word shall be established.' Matt, xviii., 16. In kindest love now and forever. Your Brother, Calvin G. Reed.