Books and Papers. THE PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL AND SCIENCE of Health THE PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL AND SCIENCE of Health for May contains the lu-ual variety of excellent iratter. The editor, Dr. Beali, gives an interesting and instructive phrenograph of Mary A. Livermore, one of the greatest women of the United States, It is from a personal examination, and will serve as a fine lesson in the art of reading character. 'The Great Minority,' L&gt;y Alice E. Ives, is a brilliant nd powerful arraignment of the shams in modern social aims and habits. Mrs. Charlotte Fowler Wells continues her illustrated sketch of William Walton, explaining the relations of special talents to poetic composition. 'Phrenology in Theory and Practice,' by the Rev. N. F. Douglas, is very timely. Anna OlcottCommelin concludes her psychic story, 'Mysteries of To-Day.' A study of the late Robert Louis Stevenson, the brilliant and eccentric author, with fine portraits of himself and wife, is given by the editor, and is a lesson in character reading from photographs. Dr. H. S. Drayton contributes an erudite, scientific anil historical article. Parents will be greatly benefitted and delighted with Professor Sizer's character sketches of fifty-eight children, with engravings, among which they will certainly see, if not their own little ones, many familiar faces. The Science of Health Department is strong and the editorials are of value for their technical information and wholesome advice to young authors, with a peculiar coincidence regarding Bismarck, Gladstone and Li Hung Chang. Sketches in Wonderland Sketches in Wonderland is a beautifully illustrated Pamphlet, issued by the Northern Pacific Rail Road Company. A careful study of the life like illustrations is next best to a journey through that land of magic wonders. The Pamphlet can be obtained by forwarding six cents in stamps to Charles S. Fee, General passenger agent, St. Paul, Minn. 5000 Books THE 5000 BEST BOOKS. When a woman sends her subscription to The Ladies' Home Journal special privileges seem to go with it, besides getting her full money's worth in the magazine. She can take the fullest advantage of a perfect educational plan by which she can educate her daughters or sons at the best colleges in the country free of charge, and now the Journal has arranged it so that she can buy her bookseven a single book at a timeat prices heretofore obtained only by large buyers. There comes to us from this magazine a very artistically gotten-up illustrated booklet of ovei'250 pages, called '5000 Books,' which serves as an easy guide to the best books in any department of reading. This guide is very well done. The best literary experts of New York, Boston nnrt I'hiladelphia were engaged by the Journal to select the five thousand books which it presents as the most desirable fora home library, and their work has been admirably carried out. Very clear, explanatory comments are given by these men of books, and besides there are given not less than 160 portraits of leading authors. No book will, perhaps, do so much to extend good reading as this guide, so carefully gotten up, so beautifully printed, and so generously offered, free of any charge, by the publishers of The Ladies' Borne Journal. '5000 Books' is unquestionably the best and easiest guide to a wise selection of books that has been issued for a long time. Atheism and Arithmetic Atheism and Arithmetic. This is a singular combination and we well might ask, Whs't has Atheism or Christianity to do with Arithmetic? The author H. L. Hastings, however, is quite at home in the illustration of his subject and has called our attention to the 'Arithmetic in Plants and Planets.' 'Mathematics in musical Science.' 'Number in Vital Action.' He has even illustrated the wonderful work of God by noticing the 'Arithmetic in a Corn Field.' Books like this of such careful, useful and correct representation are valuable in any home, and could be read with profit by either young or old. Fourteen Nuts for Sceptics to Crack Fourteen Nuts for Sceptics to Crack. This little book of sixteen pages contains fourteen very pleasant articles and although written especially for those who stand outside of the church, they might be a good accompaniment to the hymn book or even the prayer book, for many who sit in front of the pulpit. The articles are all interesting and instuctive, but the illustration of 'The hen and the Egg' is just cute. Published by H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. The Cosmopolitan Magazine LATE LITERARY NEWS. Rudyard Kipling to Revisit India. Much interest will be felt by the public in the return of Rudyard Kipling to India. He has just agreed to furnish a regular contribution to The Cosmopolitan Magazine for the coming year, beginning his work upon his return to India. India has never been critically considered by such a pen as Kipling's, and what he will write for The Cosmopolitan will attract the widest attention, both here and in England. Perhaps the most beautiful series of pictures ever presented of the Rocky mountains will be found in a collection of fourteen original paintings, executed by Thomas Moran for the May Cosmopolitan. To those who have been in the Rockies, this issue of The Cosmopolitan w ill be a souvenir worthy of preservation. This number contains fifty-two original drawings, by Thomas Moran, Oliver Herford, Dan Beard, H. M. Eaton, F. G. Attwood, F. O. Small, F. Lix, J. H. Dolph, and Rosina Emmett Sherwood, besides six reproductions of famous re- THE MANIFESTO. 145 cent works of art, and forty other interesting illustrationsninety-eight in all. Though The Cosmopolitan sells for lout fifteen cents, probably no magazine in the world will present for May so great a number of illustrations specially designed for its pages by famous illustrators. The fiction in this number is by F. Hopkinson Smith, Gustav Kobbe, W. Clark Kussell, Edgar W. Nye, and T. C. Crawford. THE STANDARD DICTIONARY. A Beview by Charles B. Corning. We do not hesitate to pronounce this work as the most useful, the most comprehensive and the Best ever placed before the English speaking people. In every point of view this dictionary merits the highest consideration and praise and the name given to it by the makers is happily appropriate for The Standard marks an epoch in the intellectual advancement of the world. Abreast, even in advance, of the critical and scholarly researches of the age; especially when compared with two and perhaps three of our late dictionaries, the Standard has planted itself in a position whence it may safely await not only the judgment of its rivals but the verdict of the world. The public at large have little or no knowledge of what the making of a dictionary means but the public will understand the measurement of time and the expenditure of money. Five years and a million of dollars are surely clearly intelligible and this, the publishers tell us has been the cost of making the Standard Dictionary. In the preparation of the work nearly 300 office Editors and specialists have found constant employment, and in addition to these there have been twice that number engaged in reading proofs, collecting authorities and in defining the meaning of words. Not only this country but all countries have contributed the ripest thoughts of their most distinguished scholars to the making of this really wonderful work, and if, by any possibility any thing has been omitted, it has been because of the utter impossibility of securing it. The Excellence of his dictionary is beyond dispute, it is an enduring monument to the persistence, the liberality and, we do not hesitate to say, to the patriotism of its publishers. IT. One of the potent charms of liufus Choate's oratory consisted in the richness of his vocabulary and his marvellous choice in the use of words. It was due to his profound knowledge of the exuberance of the English language that he achieved such high distinction in tiie forum and on the platform. His was the master hand whose touch brought forth the exquisite beauties of the good old mother tongue.. Choate was free to acknowledge the debt he owed to the dictionary and its constant study, and it was this that caused Mr. Justice Wilde of the Massachusetts Bench to exclaim, when some one told him that Webster had just published a dictionary containing 10000 new words, 'For God's sake don't tell Choate of this.' Ten thousand new words made an epoch in Choate's time but here is a dictionary which contains many fold more words than the best of dictionaries fifty years ago. But this would be saying a trifling thing by no means creditable to the present age which has been prolific of so many good and substantial lexicons, if comparisons as to size of the respective lexicons is to be made between the more recent works on this common subject. Assuming that the vocabulary is the principle test of a work of this kind, it is interesting to see just where the Standard stands in relation to its rivals. It occupies the first position and is many lengths ahead of its nearest competitor. Its collection of words exceeds that of the six volume Century by the thousands and the Century holds a most distinguished position among scholars. Within the past ten years a remarkable quartet of lexicons has been published in the United States, namely; Worcester, Webster International, The Century and The Standard. And the last shall be first. The vocabulary terms in Worcester are 105,000; in Webster Inter- 146 THE MANIFESTO. national 125,000; in The Century (six volumes) 225,000, while in The Standard are 301,865 besides 47,469 entries in the appendices. Why this is so needs no explana lion. How often we have searched for the definitions of electrocution and of appendicitis, and searched in vain until The Standard came to our relief. Now we find these current terms and countless others for the makers of this work have been to indefatigable care to gather and define all the new words and expressions which the advancement of science and of general knowledge have brought into every day use. III. No English lexicon ever devoted so much space to synonyms as The Standard has done and no lexicon that we ever saw contained a list of autonymes arranged so admirably as in this dictionary. To discriminate between the shades of mean ing is the sine qua non of a good writer, but how to arrive at precisely that point of selection has always been a most difficult thing for the writer to do. Now comes The Standard to his assistance and lays him under a debt of everlasting gratitude. To this important department the Editors have given immense labor and made it the leading feature of a work replete with features. All English literature from Chaucer to Kipling has been ransacked and more than 100000 volumes have been studied in order to bring about the desired result. As in the vocabulary so in the synonymes, The Standard surpasses its rivals an arrows flight. We need not speak of the more purely scientific departments comprised in this marvelous work, each is complete and leaves nothing to be added; it is one grand whole, a magnificent master piece of research and learning; a magnificent mosaic of the beauties, the richness and the strength of theEnglish language. Nothing is more necessary to the completeness of the table than tea or coffee; if that does not begin the repast it must either end or accompany it. (See 'adv.'J