SPECIAL PROVIDENCES. By Hamilton DeGraw. IN dealing with this subject we will apparently be treading on forbidden ground. 1 he infinite spirit does not turn to right or left to favor finite existences. Admitting the truth of the foregoing statement, we are sure that the divine Spirit gives to its children according to their needs, and according to their merits. When in the process of human evolution conditions arise that require a special line of action, instrumentalities arise to meet the demand and the current of events is turned from the course that it had been pursuing. To illustrate;In the upheavals and revolutions that have changed the destiny of nations, individuals have appeared on the scene as prominent actors who before were in obscurity and would have so remained had not the necessity arisen for the use of those mental and spiritual faculties that they possessed. Abraham Lincoln illustrates this principle. He became the heritage of our whole country regardless of party. Reared in obscurity nevertheless his life training and discipline supplementing his inherent faculties fitted him for the ordeal that he was called to pass through in after years. The conditions of human society then existing called for those special faculties to serve his nation and they moved to the front. The question is asked, 'Does divine Providence favor some more than others?' We would say that while those laws are unchangeable he who complies with them ; moves in concord and attunes his life in harmony with the Divine, receives special blessings that the violators of those laws fail to receive. JUNE, 122 THE MANIFESTO. The old adage 'God helps those who help themselves,' is true, and those who fail to make exertion in their own behalf do not receive the Divine aid. Without transcending the boundaries of the immutable, unchangeable Infinite, the revelation that the law of worth is one of the Divine attributes, and that merit alone will insure special blessings needs to be understood. 'The prayer of the righteous availeth much.' If there were no rewards of merit to be given then the efforts of human life for advancement would be useless. The lazy and shiftless, especially in a spiritual sense, would be on equal footing with the industrious; but it is not so, 'Whatsoever a man soweth that shall he also reap.' By moving in the current of those spiritual forces the special benefits accrue that those who are side-tracked lose. Every intelligent person, who thinks in the line of intellectual and spiritual growth, has at times experienced a necessity for an especial manifestation of providential aid in his behalf and although granted according to a fixed law of the spiritual world, yet to the casual observer, viewing the circumstance from an external position it seems like a changing of Divine law to suit the whims of mortality; but not so. The supplicant realizing his need enters into a labor to bring his spirit into perfect accord with the Divine; and the very fact of its wrestling with the powers of good makes a realization of his desires possible. In the spiritual world there is no such thing as chicanery or sophistry. Each individual must stand for just what he is, and receive just what he has earned and no more. AVhatever has been gained of a spiritual treasure will be an inheritance more lasting than the rock of ages, for it will never fade away neither can it be wrested from him. Shakers, N. Y.