THE STANDARD DICTIONARY. A Beview by Charles B. Corning. We do not hesitate to pronounce this work as the most useful, the most comprehensive and the Best ever placed before the English speaking people. In every point of view this dictionary merits the highest consideration and praise and the name given to it by the makers is happily appropriate for The Standard marks an epoch in the intellectual advancement of the world. Abreast, even in advance, of the critical and scholarly researches of the age; especially when compared with two and perhaps three of our late dictionaries, the Standard has planted itself in a position whence it may safely await not only the judgment of its rivals but the verdict of the world. The public at large have little or no knowledge of what the making of a dictionary means but the public will understand the measurement of time and the expenditure of money. Five years and a million of dollars are surely clearly intelligible and this, the publishers tell us has been the cost of making the Standard Dictionary. In the preparation of the work nearly 300 office Editors and specialists have found constant employment, and in addition to these there have been twice that number engaged in reading proofs, collecting authorities and in defining the meaning of words. Not only this country but all countries have contributed the ripest thoughts of their most distinguished scholars to the making of this really wonderful work, and if, by any possibility any thing has been omitted, it has been because of the utter impossibility of securing it. The Excellence of his dictionary is beyond dispute, it is an enduring monument to the persistence, the liberality and, we do not hesitate to say, to the patriotism of its publishers. IT. One of the potent charms of liufus Choate's oratory consisted in the richness of his vocabulary and his marvellous choice in the use of words. It was due to his profound knowledge of the exuberance of the English language that he achieved such high distinction in tiie forum and on the platform. His was the master hand whose touch brought forth the exquisite beauties of the good old mother tongue.. Choate was free to acknowledge the debt he owed to the dictionary and its constant study, and it was this that caused Mr. Justice Wilde of the Massachusetts Bench to exclaim, when some one told him that Webster had just published a dictionary containing 10000 new words, 'For God's sake don't tell Choate of this.' Ten thousand new words made an epoch in Choate's time but here is a dictionary which contains many fold more words than the best of dictionaries fifty years ago. But this would be saying a trifling thing by no means creditable to the present age which has been prolific of so many good and substantial lexicons, if comparisons as to size of the respective lexicons is to be made between the more recent works on this common subject. Assuming that the vocabulary is the principle test of a work of this kind, it is interesting to see just where the Standard stands in relation to its rivals. It occupies the first position and is many lengths ahead of its nearest competitor. Its collection of words exceeds that of the six volume Century by the thousands and the Century holds a most distinguished position among scholars. Within the past ten years a remarkable quartet of lexicons has been published in the United States, namely; Worcester, Webster International, The Century and The Standard. And the last shall be first. The vocabulary terms in Worcester are 105,000; in Webster Inter- 146 THE MANIFESTO. national 125,000; in The Century (six volumes) 225,000, while in The Standard are 301,865 besides 47,469 entries in the appendices. Why this is so needs no explana lion. How often we have searched for the definitions of electrocution and of appendicitis, and searched in vain until The Standard came to our relief. Now we find these current terms and countless others for the makers of this work have been to indefatigable care to gather and define all the new words and expressions which the advancement of science and of general knowledge have brought into every day use. III. No English lexicon ever devoted so much space to synonyms as The Standard has done and no lexicon that we ever saw contained a list of autonymes arranged so admirably as in this dictionary. To discriminate between the shades of mean ing is the sine qua non of a good writer, but how to arrive at precisely that point of selection has always been a most difficult thing for the writer to do. Now comes The Standard to his assistance and lays him under a debt of everlasting gratitude. To this important department the Editors have given immense labor and made it the leading feature of a work replete with features. All English literature from Chaucer to Kipling has been ransacked and more than 100000 volumes have been studied in order to bring about the desired result. As in the vocabulary so in the synonymes, The Standard surpasses its rivals an arrows flight. We need not speak of the more purely scientific departments comprised in this marvelous work, each is complete and leaves nothing to be added; it is one grand whole, a magnificent master piece of research and learning; a magnificent mosaic of the beauties, the richness and the strength of theEnglish language. Nothing is more necessary to the completeness of the table than tea or coffee; if that does not begin the repast it must either end or accompany it. (See 'adv.'J