ADVENTURE AMONG THE ROSICRUCIANS, NO 1. By Franz Hartmann. [Contributed by William C. Ayer.] (A member of the Theosophical Society, and published in the Society'1 s Magazine.) THE obstacles which arise from the external world are intimately connected with those from the inner world, and can not be separated; because external temptations create inward desires, and inward desires call for external means for gratification. Still, there are many people who do not crave for the illusions of life, but who have not the strength to resist them. Many have a desire to develop spiritually and to gain immortality, but they believe themselves forced by external circumstances, which they dare not resist, to employ their time and energy for the attainment of worthless things, instead of using their strength to dive down into the depths of the soul to search for 126 THE MANIFESTO. the priceless pearl of wisdom. Thousands of people have not the moral courage to break loose from social customs, ridiculous habits, and foolish usages, which they inwardly abhor, but to which they nevertheless submit because they are customs and habits to act against which is considered to be a social crime. Thus thousands sacrifice their immortality to the stupid goddess of fashion. Who dares to break loose from the bondage imposed upon him by fashion, and to exchange for it the freedom of eternal life? Who dares to face the calumny and the comtempt of the ignorant, to obtain iu its place the applause of the wise ? Who has the courage to incur the sneers of the imbecile, the ridicule of the ignorant, the laughter of the fool, and gain thereby a light of whose existence those who live in eternal darkness know nothing ? But the vast majority of people drown the voice of reason by the speculating power of the intellect. Rather than have their vanity suffer, they allow the spirit to starve ; rather than be crucified and to resurrect into immortal life, thiy submit to the galling chain; they lose their appreciation of liberty, and, becoming used to their chains, begin to love them and to impose them upon others. I am not a believer in total depravity of the human nature ; I know that man's animal principles, on account of their inherent instinctive efforts for the preservation of their existence, are opposed to the development of his higher principles, because the life of the higher involves the death of the lower ; but I also know that in each human being is contained a power for good, which may be made to develop if the proper conditions are given. There are elements of good and elements of evil in every man, and it depends on ourselves which class we desire to develop. From a cherry-stone nothing can grow but a cherry tree, from a thistle seed nothing else than a thistle ; but man is a constellation of powers in which all kinds of seeds are contained ; you may make him grow to be a hog or a tiger, an angel or a devil, a sage or a fool, according to your own pleasure. The continual rush after more money, more comfort, more pleasure, after we already possess all we require, and which characterizes our present civilization, is not necessarily a sign of greed, viciousness, and moral depravity ; but it is rather caused by the instinctive impulse, inherent in the constitution of man, to reach something kigher and better, which expresses itself on the physical plane. Man intuitively knows that, no matter how rich in money or fame he may be, he has not yet reached a state in which to be contented and to rest; he knows that he must still keep on striving for something, but he does not know what that something is. Not knowing the higher life, he strives for more of those things which the lower life affords, and thus wastes his energies for the attainment of things which are useless to him. Thus we may see a bug or a butterfly falling into a lake, and in its vain efforts to save itself from drowning swimming away from the shore, because it does not know in which direction the means for salvation exist. Thus the curse THE MANIFESTO. 127 of the world and the root of all evil is ignorance. The curse of man is his ignorance of his essential nature and final destiny, and the efforts of a true system of religion and science should be above ail to remove this ignorance. {To be continued.)