SOCIAL IMPROVEMENT. THE Social Improvement Society of the North family held its regular meeting Wednesday evening, April 10th, which was rendered very interesting by reason of the discussion of the vital question,Will there be a new order in society and if so will the same be communistic .or co-operative? Elder Daniel Offord led the discussion by an able paper in which he held that the long pent up and enslaved powers of mind and soul will of absolute necessity break the fetters that have for so long held them in bondage. The dial of time plainly indicates to all discerning minds that the hour has already struck and a new order of society is being formed. He believes that the higher or celibate order in the coming social regime will be communistic, and the generative order co-operative. Sister Catherine Allen read a paper treating of the same subject in which she claimed that all the movements of the day, for evil as well as for good clearly indicate that in the near future there will be a new order in society. The wide-spread social and industrial troubles, the increasing misery of the masses resulting from the concentration of wealth in the hands of the few are creating the upheavals and overturnings which are shaking our present civilization to its very center. Brother Charles Greaves made a short address on the question under discussion, contending that as land was the seat of wealth, free land would be absolutely essential to any substantial social reform. ' A paper by Brother Ezra J. Stewart advanced the idea that at the close of 124 THE MANIFESTO. each century unusual commotion in both business and social circles seemed to be in order and that out of the present movement must accrue communism and co-operation. Brother William Bassett said that in a new social order money would be unnecessary to carry on the business of the world and that this means of commerce would be destroyed. Sister Sarah Burger read a selection on the subject from The Manifesto. The writer was Robert Stevens. Brother Charles J. MacLaughlin followed with a brief address pointing to the fact that biblical prophecy indicates a new heavens and new earth which were about to dawn. Selections were read by Sisters Rosetta Stevens, Lucy Bowers, Julia Lincoln and Mabel Lane touching on the question of social reform. Short original paragraphs were read by all the members of the society. A paper on,Does the press mould public opinion or does public opinion mould the press? by Cora C. Vinneo. The question selected for discussion at the next monthly meeting was, How would a union of Church and state affect our national liberties? The speaking was interspersed with beautiful hymns. The sixth of next August is selected as the date to commemorate the life and work of the founder of the Order of Believers, Mother Ann Lee.