Correspondence. Beloved Elder Henry;--The April Manifesto... Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. April, 1895. Beloved Elder Henry ;The April Manifesto for 1895 has quite a sprinkling of conflicting opinions relating to Florida. As every one has an opinion, whether true or false, in regard to this enterprise, which is expressed, and which is being promulgated through some one of the circulating media of communication, I concluded to give expression to my source of knowledge, sincerely hoping not to offend even the least. On the evening of Feb. 7th 1895, having finished writing my journal of the day's proceedings, also some other matters, I prepared myself for a quiet repose in the arms of Somnus. Sleep, sweet, soothing sleep was what most possessed my feelings, but a sudden and unexpected change of mind took the entire possession of me, so.that for two hours not a particle of sleep came to me. Soon after I had extinguished the light, Elder Giles A very placed himself at the east end of my room. I saw him as plainly as though he possessed a material body. At his right hand, but a little behind him stood Elder Daniel Boler. In company with the two Elders were several Brethren and Sisters who were once our companions in the earth sphere. Suddenly they all joined in singing this old familiar song: 'O what came we together to do? We'll sing the love of Mother to you, For this will all our spirits renew, And bring New earth and Heaven to view. Pure love so fresh from Mother to me, It makes me feel so happy and free, I never did feel so joyful before; O I want more love, Mother's love more.' Having finished singing this piece, they sang the anthem, 'Parents Blessing,' which commences, 'Ho, this is the hour wherein I can rejoice and be glad.' The anthem was finished and then Elder Giles, who appeared to be the leader of the company assembled turned to me and said, I want you to say to Elder Joseph, that the Florida enterprise did not originate in the earth sphere, it was ministered from the Spirit world. We inspired those outside of our Community to engage in the prosecution of the enterprise. This has influenced and moved them to accept conditions and work with you for its consummation. 128 THE MANIFESTO. We in the Spirit sphere feel in earnest to have you, Elder Joseph, press the prosecution of the work with your untiring energy. We will work with you and bless your earnest efforts. We wish you to be assured that your gospel relation in the Spirit world are with you heart and soul, to strengthen you and to bless you. We can see clearly what to your vision is obscure. Sometime after this interview I fell into a quiet repose which held me until about midnight, when it seemed that some one was pressing on my feet, but not succeeding in waking me, they came to the head of the bed and struck me a heavy blow on the shoulder which suddenly awakened me. So real was the shock, that I turned saying ; 'What do you want? ' No one answered, and 1 saw no one, but the following stanza was vividly impressed upon my mind as though some one was repeating the words, and I arose, lighted a lamp and sketched them. O work ye my people, O work saith the Lord; Work ye in my Spirit, You will have your reward. A house I am building, 'Tis the Temple of Love, In a land of bright promise, Blessed by heaven above. There are others in our Community who have seen the spirit of the Lord has cast a halo of blessing on our investment in Florida. Those who think that God has especial respect for any place upon his footstool to the exclusion of all other places must upon more mature reflection, blush that they have such poor conception of the wisdom and benevolence of the divine Creator. Even mediums outside of our Community see glory and the hand of God in our Florida plantation. Brother Alonzo Hollister received a letter from a friend in Lancaster, O. on March 11, 1895, as follows; Deak Friend and Brother;I received a communication from the greatest medium in the world. She says that the Society which goes south, will be a spiritual success, and will get the greatest spiritual demonstrations the world has seen. She said the light blinded her eyes. I thought this of so much consequence to you and yours that I send it right along. The name of the medium is Dr. Amy Little. Respectfully, - - - - - - -'In the mouth of two or three witnesses every word shall be established.' Matt, xviii., 16. In kindest love now and forever. Your Brother, Calvin G. Reed. Not in the environments of the past... Not in the environments of the past, but in the freedom of consciousness that seeks its own expression, do we unfold that divine self-hood that individualizes our existence. M. J. A. Vincens Hansens, Our Kind Friend... East Canterbury, N. H. April, 1895. VlNCENS HANSENS, Our Kind Friend ;Your letter of Feb. 23rd received and by no means has been forgotten. The remittance also received and the papers sent as requested. Agreeably to your request, one of the Sisters addressed a kind letter to the lady of whom you wrote several weeks ago, hoping thereby to open a correspondence if agreeable to her but we still wait a reply. We are happy to learn that The Manifesto proves a messenger of glad tidings, in your household. We think it should be as a burning and shining light which by its illuminating power and testimony of truth is able both to judge and save the lost. The pure gospel of Christ in the combined excellence of its first and second appearing will, we believe, eventually shake the whole earth; then will the ripened grain fall into the garner of God. The end of the world will come to those by whom the new life in Christ is accepted and lived. How can one who reads the prophecy in Matt, xxiv., 6, and compares it with the signs of the present fail to believe that its fulfillment is near,even at the very door. A powerful manifestation of the increasing wrork of God seems inevitable to meet the moral and spiritual needs of the present. The pioneer Shakers or Believers in Christ's second appearing were accused of breaking up family ties. 'Was it the Shakers or the truths of the gospel of regeneration which created this revolution? Making the old commandments of none effect, thus placing the soul in a position where it will be possible to love God with might, mind and strength. Wherever this condition is reached the Savior's word in Matt, x., M, will no doubt be verified. Then 'the oue may be taken and the other left.' We seem to read between the lines of your epistle a sincere hungering and thirsting for spiritual nourishment, 'the bread and water of life' and bid you God speed in your efforts to secure the soul-sustaining food. May you be encouraged to maintain the 'everlasting right.' As a Church we sincerely cherish the spiritual welfare of all such in our daily prayers. 'He that endureth to the end the same shall be saved,'endureth to the end of all controversy with the truth which is to free us from the thralldom of worldly principles. A spiritual Christian Church is established on the earth. The house is set in order promised by the Comforter. That the Christ spirit may be manifest in every individual claiming to be a follower thereof, is our fervent desire ; while our universal prayer is ; 'Hasten the time, when the laborers shall be, Many in thy vineyard, Lord, Sowing and reaping the harvest for thee Filled with the power of thy word.' We fully agree with your statement that it will be no easier to live the 130 THE MANIFESTO. Christ life in a future state. We believe that greater glory will crown such as deny self, while it is in their power to be ruled thereby. No soul c;in be justified in defening the day of salvation, by self-crucifixion, after hearing distinctly the call of the good Shepherd,'Follow thou me.' We realize the momentous work of the mission we have undertaken, to represent practically the principles of the Christ life. Whenever you think of our Church and its people you must feel assured that as all good is related, you are entitled by good efforts to a place in our visible kingdom of heaven on earth for we think an entrance thereto may be as accessible in Norway, as in New Hampshire, but we will do our part iu prayer to extend the bond of Christian fellowship across the wide waters, as no distance can saver the union of the spirit. Last but not least we express the kind love and remembrance of our Brethren and Sisters to the worthy mother and children. Respectfully, Sarah F. Wilson.