NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. April. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1894. 44.3 1 in. 7 in. 1895. 44.44 5 ' 0 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 76 above 0 Lowest ' . ' ' ' 20 ' Number of rainy days ' ' 10 ' ' clear ' ' ' 10 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 10 C. 6. Meed. May, 1895. 'So, then, the year is repeating its old story again: we are come once more, thank God! to its most charming chapter. The violets and Mayflowers, are its inscriptions and vignettes.' So said Goethe, and so we say. An old story, yet forever new. We never tire of the beautiful freshness of such a spring. After so long and cold a winter we ex pected a tardy spring but like the Dutch man 'we can not nearly always sometimes tell' for surprises seem to be in order. On the fifth instant we found that we were but rive days later than the very early spring of last year; and the past warm days make the difference still less. On the 29th ult., we parted with Sisters Minerva Reynolds, and Anna Lane, of our family, and Sister Nancy Dow of the Center family, who will for the present make their home in Florida to care for the Brethren there, and give the essential requisites of 'home sweet home' to the nucleus in that southern' land. They were all loved and trusted members of our home, and the parting was sad; yet we hope that by casting our bread upon the waters, there may after many days, be a returned blessing. Charles Preston a young Brother from Canaan also accompanied them, and our earnest prayers were offered for a safe and prosperous journey, which we have since learned was accomplished in four days by steamer from New York to Jacksonville, and by rail from there to their home in central Florida. This includes also a halt of a few hours at Charleston, S. C. We trust that as soon as possible our Florida Community will be represented in the Home Notes. The present health of our family is a kind that has 'go' in it. From the eldest to the youngest, all are busy and as far as time and strength will permit, seem to be embued with the 'Public Spirit' so clearly denned by our loved Sister Martha J. Anderson, in the February No. We have always observed that the busiest people find the most leisure for making home happy, while the care and worship of self, produces a total eclipse of the comforts of home and friends. Amelia J. Calver. North Family. May, 1895. One swift leap from winter to spring brings high pressure on the few upon whose exertions we are dependent for the good things from orchard and garden. In addition to the usual work of the season TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 137 improvements are being made in our kitchen garden by draining the boggy end and arranging for irrigation on the other end. The suddenness with which the seared meadows and bare trees have clothed themselves with fresh robes of beauty, seems indeed a wondrous miracle, and gives our hearts courage to believe that through the long period of spiritual inertia divine powers have been concentrating which before long will burst forth in new spiritual life for humanity. As a people we realize the necessity of this, and the vitality latent within is reaching upward for the warmth and light of a new inspiration. We gladly let fall to earth the shriveled leaves from the tree of more than a century,old customs and forms which served well in their time, but must now give place to those better adapted to the needs of to-day. Any tree which can not renew its foliage and put forth new shoots is in process of decay. We must have fixed principles, but no stereotyped customs or patterns to hinder the future from giving those principles higher and broader expression. 'The letter killeth but the spirit giveth life.' 'Lord send by whom thou wilt,' if we may but receive the truth which alone maketh free. The letter printed in The Manifesto of July 1894, from Br. Arthur Dowe, and some later ones from other pens, justly admonish us. We bless the burning words of truth so boldly spoken. As a spiritual people we prosper only by 'seeking first the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness,'our own higher interests and those of our fellow beings. Our predecessors who labored so heroically to lay the foundation of our church, though often suffering for the common necessities of life, were never too poor to spend time and substance in spreading the light and truth of the gospel. It is a source of deep regret to us that the earnest appeal for help from California, in starting a society there did not meet with response, but the calls keep coming from others in the same region where there seems to be material p repared. The little colony in Florida have our best wishes for growth and prosperity. Now that something new has been done we hope that by another year some effort will be made to answer the calls from the Pacific coast. We have heard many words of praise for The Manifesto of May. Thanks to all to whom we are indebted for its continuance, especially to the beloved Editor. Catherine Allen. Shakers, N. Y. May, 1895. 'The world is in commotion and human hearts are stirred.' The varied emotions that are stirring human society illustrate the development that the individual, society or nation has attained in their intellectual and spiritual growth. 'When ye shall hear of wars and rumors of wars, then know ye that the time is at hand.' This certainly is applicable to the present. That the time is even at the door for the old heavens and earth to pass away, we fully believe. Not by might or power, but by the spirit of truth; as the work will be one that will call for each soul to enter the temple and see that it is made clean; a fit place for the abiding of the holy Spirit. Our Society meetings have lately been blest with the special ministrations and presence of the veteran souls who have passed over the river, who have made themselves known visibly to our mediums. It is a comforting assurance to know that we can not be separated wherever our earthly habitation may be from their presence and power. The month of May has to date, the 8th, given us some very warm weather. The temperature several times ranging above eighty. Our weather prognostications are an average high temperature for the summer. How correct it will be time will prove. Indications are good for a bountiful fruit year. Hamilton DeGraw. West Pittsfield, Mass. May, 1895. Spring, with its multiplicity of duties both in and out of doors, was rather late in its arrival. Large piles of snow were seen on the mountains on the first of May. Still, much has been accomplished by the farmers and by others. Oats are sown and gardens planted. All are busily employed in some way to help make our home pleasant and comfortable. As we see many young tret s set out this spring, and that older trees have been trimmed and grafted, it gives encouragement for new effort. Within the buildings the brooms, mops, and utensils of the busy cleaner, are being almost constantly wielded, so that the spring cleaning will soon be accomplished. A great and much needed improvement has been made in the entrance hall at our Brick dwelling. With a new spruce ceiling, finished with shellac and varnish; a fresh coat of light paint on the walls, and one of varnish on the woodwork, the hall is transformed into a new place. It has been decided to enlarge our Trustees' Office on the west or front side. On May 1st, work commenced on the foundation. Carpenters are also at work on the window frames and such other work as is to be done in the shop. A description of the new addition can be given better at a later date. The State Road surveyors were here last week and surveyed the ground one mile west of us. We expect a road will be built this season. This, with the mile east already commenced will give us two miles of as good road as can be found in the state. On April 20th two car loads of Western cattle, numbering 57 head, arrived at our station, bought by Br. Ira Lawson, in Chicago. Some little trouble was experienced by him in bringing them into the state, caused by the Mass. Cattle Commissioners neglecting to forward the permit to East Albany where they arrived. They came through, however, after a vexatious delay without any extra expense to us. The beloved Ministry left us on the 1st inst. for a sojourn at their home in Connecticut. Our visit with Eldress Louisa Greene of Harvard will long be remembered. We have observed that an acquaintance with a Believer makes each renewal of intimacy a very pleasant and desirable event. We are again proving the truth ot the above assertion by a pleasant visit, of a few days duration with Sister Emily Offord, of Canaan, N. Y. The inmates of our home send loving greetings to all, both far and near. In the early twilight and at other times we like to talk with one another of the various homes of Believers. Not one is forgotten, in Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York, Ohio and Kentucky. The little settlement in Florida, and the one in Philadelphia where Sister Rebecca Jackson and her companions are toiling so patiently and faithfully. All these dear friends have our best wishes. May the blessing of Heaven rest upon them. Emoretta Belden. Shaker Station, Ct. May, 1895. 'Every man that hath this hope in him, (that is the hope of being like Christ,) purifieth himself even as He is pure.' Let us hope on and hope ever. Let us be strong, be brave and manly, believing that, 'He doeth all things well.' Let us be sure we are sowing good seed in the heart; sure that we ought to do just what we are doing, and all will be well with us. In forming a true Christian character, purity is the chief corner stone. Let us be virtuous and heavenly joy will flow into our hearts. Impure people poison their associates by evil examples and are moral ulcers and plague spots. Let us shun the malaria of vice as we would a pestilence. How sweet are the hours spent in God's service. 'Good thoughts are blessed visitors, and should be heartily welcomed and much sought after. Like rose leaves they give THE MANIFESTO. 139 out a sweet savor if laid away in the jar of memory.' 'A friend in need is a friend indeed; but a friend, indeed, is never in need.' 'The first Bible printed in America was in 1663. It was translated by John Elliot into Algonkin language for the Indians. At the sale of the Brinley library in New York, March 1879 an Elliot New Testament brought $7.00. At the same sale a Bible of 1663 sold for $1,000. At an auction in 1884 a Bible of 1685 brought $950. The Bement copy of the Elliot Testament of 1661 sold in London in 1820 for less than a dollar. The same copy at a sale in New York in 1890 brought $610. The total amount of Indian Testaments and Bibles of this period now known to exist is 125.' 'The Chinese not only cultivate their land, but all of their lakes, ponds and marshes are gardens in which aquatic plants, suitable for food are largely raised. Among these the water chestnut is preeminent and is said to be of a very palatable and wholesome nature.' Daniel Orcult.