Shaker Station, Ct. June, 1895. 'Watch and pray that ye enter not into temptation,' is wise counsel and if heeded will save many wrong steps and much misery. Those who are ever watchful are always strong. If we follow the spirit of truth it will lead us safely. Let us form this link of communion with the angelic host and commit all our trials and burdens to One, who has promised to protect and guide those who trust in Him, However zealous or earnest we may be, if we cease to watch and pray we shall be overcome by the adversary of souls. We should live so each day that God and our conscience can approve. Many persons tell what a lovely place they picture heaven to be, but do nothing to make a present heaven. The virtuous and true find heaven here. Let us be true to our trust and God will give just compensation. Live but for ourselves and we live in vain, but live for Christ and the human brotherhood and we shall reign with him. One half of the year is gone forever, let us wisely improve the remaining months. There is nothing like pure air and clean water for hens. Corn alone will not make good chickens it is most valuable for its fattening qualities. Wheat one part, corn one part and oats one part will produce a fast growing chicken. Daniel Orcutt. South. Family. June, 1885. 'We are enjoying delightful weather. June, with all its admirable scenery has thus far been cool and bracing, with some showers which were much needed. The strawberries were not injured by the frosts and are fast ripening. The vegetables are also coming forward rapidly and our daily supply for the table will meet our expectations although the dry season was severe in this locality, while in some places too much rain damaged the crops. Our mowing fields are looking well and the prospects are encouraging. The many improvements which have been going on around our home have resulted satisfactorily, the fruit trees have all lived and are looking finely. A few years will give evidence of the industry and perseverance which has not been sparingly laid out. The new method of raising chickens has also proved successful as over a hundred are in good growing condition. For all the varied blessings which are daily bestowed upon us, we render thanks and praise to the giver of every good and perfect gift. Forgetting self, we are striving for the wealth that is not of earth, and endeavoring to fill the moments with deeds of love and principles of right, which will prove our discipleship. Maria Witham.