HANNAH BRONSON. By Elder Henry C. Blinn. [The following article has been put in type agreeably to the system of 'The Spelling Reform Association,' as found in 'The Standard Dictionary.' Ed.] SUM one has been so interested in the 'Address to Old Age,' that was written by Sister Hannah Bronson as to send it to us for publication. In memory of the dear Sister, who for many years gave her life to God and to his people, we shal not only find a place for these few lines but wil ad other interesting matter for the pleasure of many of the frends still living who bear in fond remembrance the subject of this skech. Hannah Bronson was born in the town of Norwich, Vt., Jan. 13, 1781. Fortunately for us we hav found sum autobiografical notes which wil aid us very much in the illustration. 'In my childhood I became frightend when I lernd that everybody must die, and askt my mother if I should certainly die. My mother very thoughtfully answerd, 'Yes, my child, but if you ar a good girl and wil say the Lord's prayer every night, you wil be happy after death and go to heaven.' I carefully regarded this advice for several weeks, but as I grew older I joind in the foolish conversation of idle companions and became careless. In a dream I saw that the day of judgment had alredy commenct, and 150 THE MANIFESTO. that I should soon be calld to giv an account of how I had spent my time. I had red in the Bible that for every idle word I must render a full account, and I knew I had spoken a great many, and that for several years there was not much change. When I had reacht the age of seventeen years I felt a conviction for wrong doing, and obtaind sum relief by again carefully reading the Bible. At this time I made a resolv to forsake all my sinful ways. I attended the church as often as 1 could, but its great distance from my home prevented my attendance only at long intervals. Once while engage! in prayer and asking to know the wil of God, the spirit gav me this answer, 'Deny yourself, take up the cross and follow me.' In 1798 I was baptized and enterd the church with a full purpose of giving my heart to God, and in this I found a measure of salvation. Subsequently I lernd of a revival that was being held but a few miles distant from my home. I was anxious to attend, and to my surprize, found that sum of the members of the Shaker Community had been present. On lerning that sum of the pepl had accepted the faith as taught by the Shakers, I felt very sorry, as I had herd that the Shakers were sadly deluded. Indeed, I was strongly prejudist against them, and yet was at the same time quite anxious to hear them for myself. I now made arrangements with one of our neighbors to inform me should the Shakers cum into that vicinity again. My father also wanted to see and hear the Shakers, and in this he was like the Athenians, who were always interested in new things. On the loth of January, 1799, several persons from the Communities of Canterbury and Enfield were invited to our house, by my father. As they were engagd in conversation I listend very attentivly. When opportunity offerd I also converst with the Shakers and brought forward all the objections that occurcl to my mind, stil believing them to be sadly in error in regard to a religious faith and life. The Shakers were very social and plezant and wanted me to understand fully the object of their mission. On leaving us they invited those present to visit them at their home in Enfield, and as sum of my frends were expecting to make them a visit, I was invited to be one of the company. This visit changd my mind, and I found myself among beutifully anticipated frends and became so wel pleased in this new home that I had no wish to return to Norwich. However, I did return to attend to sum bizness that was left unfinisht. Many of my frends and relativs were much opposd to the course I had taken. My dres, my language and my religious observances were all objectionabl. Two persons who had formerly livd with the Shakers, came to see me. One was bitterly oppozd and made a great many unplezant remarks about my Shaker frends, while the other spoke kindly of the pepl. A family living about one half mile from my father's had joind the Shak- THE MANIFESTO. 151 ers, and were holding meetings in their house. I visited them that I might attend the meetings. A storm detaind me from Sunday til Tuesday, and when I reacht home my father and frends could hardly wait for each other, in their anxiety to oppoz me. As I could find no place for an answer, I quietly busied myself with sum work. A younger brother changd the subject by reading a few passages from the Scriptures, and their reverence for the Book had, at this time, a good effect. In 1800 my brother and his family united with the Believers. I obtaind board with him and gave instruction to his children and to those of another family. 1 subsequently movd into the family of Bennett Libbey, in Strafford who livd at a distance of seven miles., Bennett was very kind and his charity was unbounded. After the Believers had lernd that Bennett would like to enter one of the Societies they made arrangements to cum to Strafford on the 3rd of March, 1801 and assist us in the moving of our goods. We reacht Enfield quite late on Saturday p. in. and remaind there til Monday, when we drove on to Canterbury. Bennett movd into the house formerly owned by the Muffetts' and I reremaind as one of the family. After being here a few weeks I movd into the family of Joshua Wright, at the 'West Place,' and was appointed to teach the children of the Believers. As there was no scool-houz at this date I was accommodated with a room in the blacksmith shop. As the opportunity for attending scool was very limited thruout the town, the Believers were obligd to accommodate themselvs as best they could for the benefit of their children. As a general thing they could spare but a few hours in a day and but few weeks in a year for purposes of education. The pupils at the Church family, were no better accommodated than were those in the smaller families, and it was not til 1823 that the Community felt abl to bild a scool-houz and conduct the scool agreeably to the town law. At the opening of the next term a much better place was provided, and the scool was kept in one of the rooms of the family dweling. My next mov was into the family of James Fisher to teach his children. As was the custom I movd from place to place as occasion required. In 1805 I movd into the family of Jeremiah Garland. Here I kept the scool on the driving floor of the barn. As the place was destitute of furniture, the children were seated on the floor, except those who were fortunate enuf to find a box or a block of wood. These children, in the summer scool did not weary themselvs with multiplid studies, but had primers, Webster's speling book and the New Testament. Ink was too expensiv to be bought, and what little was used was made from the berries found in the pasture. Very little time, however, was given even by the oldest pupils to penmanship. 152 THE MANIFESTO. A short time, each day, was spent in the setting of card teeth, so that the boys when tired of study were not left in idlness. The employment of children at sum kind of work was not uncommon in the District scool, and the girls often biought their sewing and knitting work. The time for play was generally during the intermission at noon. This season I was taken sick and for several weeks was not expected to live. Thru the care of a kind Providence and loving frends, however, I recivd a healing gift on the 16th of May, and on the following Sunday attended religious service with the family. On receiving this gift I refusd al medicin, and on the fiist day of June collected al the pils, powders, drops, and lotions, and carried them to the physicians who had orderd them. Several persons calld to see me, and were surprizd at my sudden recuvery. Dea. Zadock Wright said he was as pleasd to see me, as he would be to see the President of the U. S.; it seemd so like a miraculous recuvery. While living in the family of Brother Garland we attended religious service at the West family, twice each week, and the walk up that steep hil to my home, after a long evening meeting, seemd a great deal farther than it did going down. In 1806 I taught scool in the West family and occupied a room in the laundry. I again became a member of the family, and was appointed to care for the sick. My first patient was a daughter of Bennett Libbey. She was fifteen years of age and wasting away with consumption. After suffering for another month she past quietly to her rest. My care for the sick requird my constant attention and much of the time, both day and night. On moving to the North Family in 1818 I continued my labors at the Infirmary, and for several years, made this my only buziness.' Hannah Bronson was a beautiful sister in the Shaker Community. Her mind was of the first quality. She possesst a fund of information, and took great plezure in extending the same to others. She was gifted as a poetess and the Society has often shard the blessings of her thoughts from her pen. In 1836 she was appointed Eldress of the Novitiate order, which place she held with honor, til age and failing helth obligd her to find a place of retirement from so many arduous dutes. Her life so peacefully wrought out, clozd plezantly on the 23rd of Feb. 1870 at the age of 89 yrs. lmo. and 10 days.