NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. June, 1895. Our promised early spring was suddenly retarded by a fortnight of unusually cold weather for the month of May. Notwithstanding this, the cherry, plum, pear and early apple trees which were abundantly covered with blossoms, escaped without injury although we had several successive frosts. Sr. Anna Dodgson said we had twelve nights of frost; we presume that an anxiety for her flowers seemingly intensified the cold. But it was a curious fact observed by her, that just before sunrise the frost would gather on the flat roof of the gas house when perhaps none was seen elsewhere. We attended our first Society meeting June 9th and were blessed with many inspirational gifts from both Brethren and Sisters of different families, and from the beloved Ministry of Canterbury, Eldress Joanna J. Kaime and Eldress Eliza A. Stratton. What a joy and blessing to meet such loved ones. We always feel a special ministration of good on such occasions. Sr. Mary Ella Briggs of Enfield, N. H. is also with us enjoying the beautiful mountain air, and we hope that she may return home renewed in strength for dailj duties. Thanks to Sr. Nancy llupe for her interest in our Florida enterprise, as expressed in the April number. Being a native of tlie Western states we always read with interest what is written from that locality. We have received letters from our Florida friends stating all are well. They seem to have the interest necessary to pioneers. Sr. Anna Lane has just sent us a sample grasshopper. Its body measures three inches and a half in length; its hind legs are five inches long, which look like the walking beams of a steam engine; it has feet half an inch in length, and beautiful pink wings. As he survived the journey we shall be very careful that he does not escape confinement, for we would not like an addition of such monsters to our over supply of voracious insects. Neva Martin. Center Family. June, 1895. Since writing our last Home Notes the blossoms have come and gone. Fruit trees of all kinds with the exception of plums gave evidence of bearing a full crop the coming season. Cherries have already put on considerable size and if nothing injures them we shall have a large yield. The weather just now is extremely warm and a cool place at the White mountains would be very agreeable. At 9 p. m. Friday, May 31st, the mercury stood at 84 deg. in our sitting room. Health of family fairly good. Timothy Raysov. South Family. June, 1895. 'Beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of those who bring tidings to the house of Israel.' And 'beautiful for habitation is Mount Zion.' TERMS. 162 THE MANIFESTO. June in all its beauty, glory and grandeur has smiled her most lovely smile upon the inhabitants of tins and other homes dotted over our broad universe. The frosts of May have proved less destructive to vegetation than was at first supposed. There is now a good outlook for fruit and labor for busy hands will be the demand of the season. There continues a constant demand for the famous 'Shaker Chairs,' sofas, footrests, and numerous other articles manufactured by the family. We are quite positive that the South family at Mt. Lebanon is the Champion Chair Maker of the world. The work is of the very best and it is well known that They're useful,ornamental Two grand principles combined, You may search the wide world over Xor better chairs you'll finci. Then their sofas, and their foot rests Are the best this world can give; Do not try to find their equal For you can not while you live. The past month was rendered delightful by a brief visit with Sr. Louisa Greene of Harvard, Mass. May others of the sa'me Society come and do likewise. We are always interested in reading The Manifesto; the Notes about Home, are a choice melody completing a charming harmony. Genevieve DeGraw. Pleasant Hill, Ky. May, 1895. Eldeb Henry;I am interested to inform you that Eldress Betsey Spalding, Br. J. Brown and the writer made a visit to Union Village. We left home one lovely morning and had a most pleasant journey to the beautiful City of Cincinnati, thence to the village of Lebanon, about four miles from the home of the Believers. Elder Joseph Slingerland, and Eldress Elizabeth were waiting with horses and carriage to receive us. We shared bountifully in the love and good will of all. Our own home in Kentucky is a beautiful place, and doubly dear to all who hold it as a consecrated home for Believers. We are having a nice crop of strawberries, and the farm and other business is in a prosperous condition. With kind thoughts for all the readers of The Manifesto. Mary J. Settles.