AGGRESSIVE CHRISTIANITY. TFjHAT the testimony of Jesus the Christ is that which the abuv titl JL would convey to the mind of any interested Christian, and nothing less, is quite evident. That it is a work which intensifies the whole being and thru its demanding sacrifices, promises exalted privileges, is at once an incentiv to do and to dare for the Kingdom of heaven's sake. John the Revelator, thru the spirit of inspiration saw the aggressiv work of the Christian so clearly illustrated that he presents it as a conqueror riding upon a beutiful white horse. The warrior is equippt with a bow and arrows, as he goes forth conquering and to conquer. The representation, is indeed, like a warrior upon the earth, and on this account may impres itself more forcibly upon the mind, as a vivid picture of a living Christian in his duty for his God. Some, however, may look upon it as a work in the spirit of the Lord, and contemplate the time when the Kingdoms of the whole world shal becum the Kingdoms of our Lord. Possibly the profetic order of life may see more clearly just how this is to be accomplisht, and writh that form of solution it must now rest. The good apostl who had consecrated himself to the spirit of Christ, has also illustrated this interesting feature of his life in language not to be misunderstood, as he makes this record. 'I hav fought a good fight, and hav kept the faith.' In these few words the whole of a religious experience is most beutifully concentrated. Thru this contest with weapons not carnal, he had obtaind a victory over all the enemies of God, and equally as essential, he had kept his faith in God, that he might be protected and prosperd. This contest against evil and the securing of a victory over the foes of our own household was so like a warfare against the enemies of our common country that the apostl represented it in the language that was best understood. When he addresses the Christian in the fulness of his life duties, he instructs him to make as careful a preparation against the enemies of his own soul, as the Roman soldiers would make against the enemies of their country. Nothing short of an aggressiv contest against the worldly element, either at home or abroad, wil ever accomplish any satisfactory result for a religious person or for a religious Society. It makes but litl difference how we may wish to hav this religious system accomplisht, if we fail to act in accordance with its general plan, THE MANIFESTO. 154 while it makes all difference in the ultimate by the course we are led to pursue in its development. No one disputes the point of the continuance of God's laws in the heavens and in the earth, or in the hearts of the children of men. The sun, moon and stars go unerringly on their way, regardless of all the wars and rumors of wars that may agitate the Kingdoms of this world. Seedtime and harvest are with us agreeably to the early promise, and we share in all the blessings which they may develop. Over all these wonderful works of God, and over many others equal]}' as wonderful, man very fortunately has no control. The sunshine and the rain belong to no privilegd class, and the just and unjust are made welcuni recipients of all these good gifts from the hand of an over-ruling Providence. Whatever course may be pursued by an individual or by a nation in the cultivation of selfishness, the race of man must be moving upward toward higher and better degrees of goodness, and thru this, up to the Kingdom of God. These laws whether adapted to our understanding or not, wil evidently move on without molestation. The Christian's life interest, however, has all these blessings, and then we hav an extended blessing, the basis of which is the spirit of godliness. This great journey with its trials and burdens, is in all clearness up toward God, to a better disciplind order that shal make men more like the sons of God, and this earth more like a home that is ruld in righteousness. Jesus brought this work of the Kingdom into the very homes of all his followers. It was like the voice of a trumpet that gives no uncertain sound. 'If any man wil cum after me let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me.' This confirms the testimony of the apostl who had receivd a disciplin in the life of Jesus the Christ. This, said he, teaches us to deny ourselvs 'of all ungodliness and every worldly lust.' It requires no studied effort to be abl to comprehend the full effect jf such a clear cut declaration. No words ar wasted in the presentation, and no time need be wasted in the transposing of a singl sentence. It is the unalloyd formula of the Christian religion, and is the sure foundation of Christianity. It is the baptizm of the holy Spirit, and of fire, which came with the Advent of Jesus the Christ. A neglect in securing this most important treasure would be to any individual the falling away from a spiritual protection and equally so, the wasting away of any society that has ever been blest with the revelation of light and truth from God.