THE MISSION OF SHAKERISM. By Annie R. Stephens. i4T I ^0 every one has been given a measure of the Spirit of God.' Can -L we doubt that the spiritual truths set forth in the Shaker system are a portion of that Spirit? Can we doubt that it has a God appointed mission to humanity? We think not. We have been accused, and perhaps truthfully so, of hiding our light under a bushel. We may be at fault for the widespread ignorance concerning our faith; but being a spiritual people, is it not, as Paul declared unto the Corinthians? 'The natural man discerneth not the things of the Spirit.' In this day all things pertaining to human welfare are subject to the most unsparing test of investigation ; let us search and see what panacea for the ills of suffering humanity we can offer. The foundation stone upon which the structure of Shakerism rests, the primal principle that has held the system intact, is Virgin Purity, or in other words, a life of celibacy. This principle has been kept unsullied for over one hundred years of successful communism. How often are we confronted with the cry, 'If all should become Shakers the race would become extinct.' But we believe the great sin of the age is the destructive force of sensualism, and~'only by a return to the law of God through chastity in the relationship of men and women, can human beings be delivered from the curses of want and disease, and the great train of evils that so afflict modern society. 'An angel came out of the temple crying with a great voice to him who sat on the white cloud : send forth thy sickle'and reap, for the harvest of the world is over-ripe ; and he who sat on the white cloud (purity) cast his sickle upon the earth and the earth was reaped.' We hold that Virgin celibacy is the harvest of the world, and celibate communities, the garners into which the JULY 148 THE MANIFESTO. 'wheat shall be gathered. When at least a small portion of earth's inhabitants realize, that a life of Virgin purity is the higher lifethe God-like lifecertainly there must be a law and purpose in it. Another primal principle is communism, patterned after the Pentecostal Church. A community is the outgrowth of the divine in man; it cin not exist in the worldly order, because the emotions and affections of the natural man are antagonistic to it; it can only be sustained by being built upon the 'Rock,'Christa divine life, 'loving the neighbor at the expense of self.' Does not this present an ideal vision to the soul? men and women who have gaiiKd the mastery over selfishness; risen above all sordid and grasping ambitions; so inspired with a sublime love for others, that they consecrate all they possess to the good of all, thus inaugurating upon earth that Kingdom of Hi aven for which souls in all ages have prayed. In the distressing conditions that are an outgrowth of our present system of civilization, we discern the vast fruitage of selfishness; it is the mainspring of our savage competition, running through all industrial systems, and its direful results, poverty and crime, are yet to be confronted by the higher law of love. Here we see little communities, like green oases, dotting the land in various sections, which have not only been delivered from wrong effects, but are removing the causes and environments that produced them. Surely, this alone holds the 'prophecy of better things' for struggling humanity. We can but present a birds-eye view upon a few minor points. Never having had a written creed we are not bound by any theological dogma; believing in a continual revelation from Grod as the Spirit prepares human hearts to receive it. Our religion, therefore, not only contains a vital element of progress, but we are ready to accept the broadest interpretation of life, in the light of the highest truth. We believe in God as Father and Mother, Wisdom and Love. This is not a strange idea, when all through nature we perceive two distinct forces, positive and negative; from the centripetal and centrifugal forces that hold the stars in their orbits, to the lowest forms of animal life. When the maternal principle of Deity is universally recognized, we shall have more of the love of God in the soul. Some one has said, that the civilization of a nation is known by the development of its women. In a Shaker home the Sisters stand on a perfect equality with their Brethren in all the affairs of life, both temporal and spiritual. The ballot has not procured them their rights, but it is the liberty of Christ that has made them free and equal, no rich, no poor, no high, no low; it is the virginity of their souls that has enfranchised them. Is humanity prepared to receive the philosophy of Shakerism ? It is neither fanaticism nor asceticism, but stands a bulwark against the surging, engulfing flood-tide of sensuality;stands for the broadest interpretation of life, and for the fullest unfoldment of the soul in the light of the Divine. Shak- THE MANIFESTO. 149 erism has given to the world a spiritual impulse. None can measure the force of that divine, esoteric power that has gone, and is still going out from silent unostentatious lives. There have been those among us, who, clothed with the prophet's mantle, have foretold of a time when a wave of Pentecostal baptism would descend upon humanity; then souls would flock to our homes as 'doves to the windows ;' and we have been waiting, (but not with folded hands,) for the fulfillment of the prophecy, that 'God would pour out his spirit upon all flesh.' God and the angel world are rolling away the rock of a base sensuality from the sepulcher.of the sleeping spirit; and obedient to the voice of Omnipotent Love, it is coming forth in the renewed power of a risen humanity.' Surely 'old things are passing away and all things are becoming new.' In the many inquiries coming from near and from distant lands, concerning our faith, principles and order of life, we have an evidence that there is to be a renewal of the Christ baptism in another form. Our hearts and our homes stand ready and open to receive the sin-sick and Godward aspiring soul, and fain would we reach out our hands to bemired and struggling humanity. The call is,Come and partake of the spiritual treasures stored up in the Kingdom of God. Shaker Communities are established for the redemption of the race, and whosoever will may come. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.