Enfield, N. H. June, 1895. I keceivkd a letter recently from Texas purporting to be from a reader of our paper, The Manifesto, showing appreciation of the various subjects discussed in the Home Notes, also expressing the further idea that a knowledge of our life in the Communities would be enlightening and very satisfactory. ISTot a difficult request to grant as to the general routine of duty in a Shaker family, for it is quite similar to that of any weil regulated home, but of the inward peace found by a conscience void of offence toward God or man we can say but little in this small space, it must be found by each one. The signal bell for rising peals forth at 5 a. m. and breakfast follows at 6 o'clock and then preparations for the work of the clay. Some of the Sisters are busy with domestic duties which make home so comfortable; others are engaged in various kinds of sale work in the line of sewing and knitting. The Brethren find employment in sawing of lumber and shingles; some follow the Tailors' trade, and others work in the garden. Our time is thus well rilled in performing the general work of a family of over seventy members, of all ages. We aim to supply, not only the physical needs of the being, but offer to the soul sin-sick and weary the true bread of life. May 16. We enjoy a concert given by our young people. Here was exhibited musical ability and attention to lessons pleasing to the many interested friends, such occasions greatly enhance the pleasure of our lives. THE MANIFESTO. 163 May 17. James Moyer, of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, gives us an excellent entertainment through a phonograph. It was given by contract and was a rare treat and a marvel of wonderment. During the past month many of our people have been vaccinated in compliance with state laws. Undoubtedly this precaution will prevent certain physical diseases, but there arises the thought that if the government were as ready to enforce the laws for temperance and education, how many homes now darkened by vice would know of the cleansing power of a Christian life. George H. Baxter.