NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. June, 1895. Our promised early spring was suddenly retarded by a fortnight of unusually cold weather for the month of May. Notwithstanding this, the cherry, plum, pear and early apple trees which were abundantly covered with blossoms, escaped without injury although we had several successive frosts. Sr. Anna Dodgson said we had twelve nights of frost; we presume that an anxiety for her flowers seemingly intensified the cold. But it was a curious fact observed by her, that just before sunrise the frost would gather on the flat roof of the gas house when perhaps none was seen elsewhere. We attended our first Society meeting June 9th and were blessed with many inspirational gifts from both Brethren and Sisters of different families, and from the beloved Ministry of Canterbury, Eldress Joanna J. Kaime and Eldress Eliza A. Stratton. What a joy and blessing to meet such loved ones. We always feel a special ministration of good on such occasions. Sr. Mary Ella Briggs of Enfield, N. H. is also with us enjoying the beautiful mountain air, and we hope that she may return home renewed in strength for dailj duties. Thanks to Sr. Nancy llupe for her interest in our Florida enterprise, as expressed in the April number. Being a native of tlie Western states we always read with interest what is written from that locality. We have received letters from our Florida friends stating all are well. They seem to have the interest necessary to pioneers. Sr. Anna Lane has just sent us a sample grasshopper. Its body measures three inches and a half in length; its hind legs are five inches long, which look like the walking beams of a steam engine; it has feet half an inch in length, and beautiful pink wings. As he survived the journey we shall be very careful that he does not escape confinement, for we would not like an addition of such monsters to our over supply of voracious insects. Neva Martin. Center Family. June, 1895. Since writing our last Home Notes the blossoms have come and gone. Fruit trees of all kinds with the exception of plums gave evidence of bearing a full crop the coming season. Cherries have already put on considerable size and if nothing injures them we shall have a large yield. The weather just now is extremely warm and a cool place at the White mountains would be very agreeable. At 9 p. m. Friday, May 31st, the mercury stood at 84 deg. in our sitting room. Health of family fairly good. Timothy Raysov. South Family. June, 1895. 'Beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of those who bring tidings to the house of Israel.' And 'beautiful for habitation is Mount Zion.' TERMS. 162 THE MANIFESTO. June in all its beauty, glory and grandeur has smiled her most lovely smile upon the inhabitants of tins and other homes dotted over our broad universe. The frosts of May have proved less destructive to vegetation than was at first supposed. There is now a good outlook for fruit and labor for busy hands will be the demand of the season. There continues a constant demand for the famous 'Shaker Chairs,' sofas, footrests, and numerous other articles manufactured by the family. We are quite positive that the South family at Mt. Lebanon is the Champion Chair Maker of the world. The work is of the very best and it is well known that They're useful,ornamental Two grand principles combined, You may search the wide world over Xor better chairs you'll finci. Then their sofas, and their foot rests Are the best this world can give; Do not try to find their equal For you can not while you live. The past month was rendered delightful by a brief visit with Sr. Louisa Greene of Harvard, Mass. May others of the sa'me Society come and do likewise. We are always interested in reading The Manifesto; the Notes about Home, are a choice melody completing a charming harmony. Genevieve DeGraw. Pleasant Hill, Ky. May, 1895. Eldeb Henry;I am interested to inform you that Eldress Betsey Spalding, Br. J. Brown and the writer made a visit to Union Village. We left home one lovely morning and had a most pleasant journey to the beautiful City of Cincinnati, thence to the village of Lebanon, about four miles from the home of the Believers. Elder Joseph Slingerland, and Eldress Elizabeth were waiting with horses and carriage to receive us. We shared bountifully in the love and good will of all. Our own home in Kentucky is a beautiful place, and doubly dear to all who hold it as a consecrated home for Believers. We are having a nice crop of strawberries, and the farm and other business is in a prosperous condition. With kind thoughts for all the readers of The Manifesto. Mary J. Settles. Enfield, N. H. June, 1895. I keceivkd a letter recently from Texas purporting to be from a reader of our paper, The Manifesto, showing appreciation of the various subjects discussed in the Home Notes, also expressing the further idea that a knowledge of our life in the Communities would be enlightening and very satisfactory. ISTot a difficult request to grant as to the general routine of duty in a Shaker family, for it is quite similar to that of any weil regulated home, but of the inward peace found by a conscience void of offence toward God or man we can say but little in this small space, it must be found by each one. The signal bell for rising peals forth at 5 a. m. and breakfast follows at 6 o'clock and then preparations for the work of the clay. Some of the Sisters are busy with domestic duties which make home so comfortable; others are engaged in various kinds of sale work in the line of sewing and knitting. The Brethren find employment in sawing of lumber and shingles; some follow the Tailors' trade, and others work in the garden. Our time is thus well rilled in performing the general work of a family of over seventy members, of all ages. We aim to supply, not only the physical needs of the being, but offer to the soul sin-sick and weary the true bread of life. May 16. We enjoy a concert given by our young people. Here was exhibited musical ability and attention to lessons pleasing to the many interested friends, such occasions greatly enhance the pleasure of our lives. THE MANIFESTO. 163 May 17. James Moyer, of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, gives us an excellent entertainment through a phonograph. It was given by contract and was a rare treat and a marvel of wonderment. During the past month many of our people have been vaccinated in compliance with state laws. Undoubtedly this precaution will prevent certain physical diseases, but there arises the thought that if the government were as ready to enforce the laws for temperance and education, how many homes now darkened by vice would know of the cleansing power of a Christian life. George H. Baxter. Shakers, N. Y. June, 1895. IN reviewing the obituaries in the June Manifesto, we find it recorded of one of the saints that has journeyed on, that she was 'faithful unto death.' In the conflict of life it is grand and glorious to be able to have it said when we enter into rest that we were worthy to be counted with those who are faithful. The boy who, taken prisoner was ordered to sound the retreat on his bugle under penalty of death, and sounded the charge dying like a hero at his post with his face to the enemy was 'faithful unto death.' Since our last we have had very changeable weather; the month of May giving us some frosty nights, injuring gardens more or less according to the advanced condition of the crops. We escaped with slight damage when compared with the loss of crops in some sections. We have been favored with a visit from our beloved Sister Ann Cummings of Enfield, N. H. and also we hear it reported that the Ministry Sisters from East Canterbury are expecting to visit Watervliet. We enjoy these seasons of social and spiritual communion with our gospel relation, they are our interest and our treasure. We have had a delightful rain that has refreshed vegetation and made us realize how dependent we are, and how grateful we should be for the care extended over us by the hand cf divine Providence. The editorial in June Manifesto is timely, 'Aggressive evangelism' is absolutely necessary in the advancement of the truths of the Divine Life with a strong emphasis placed on Aggressive. That spirit is far removed from the one that seeks to breed contention. Only by a vigorous promulgation of the advocates of the truth are the advocates of the higher life able to stand the assaults of the opposing powers that seek to hold down to the lower stratum of thought and life the expanding powers of the soul. Hamilton DeGraw,. East Canterbury N. H. June, 1895. It is even at this date too early to foresee what may be expected of the several orders of fruit trees. The frosts and rains and continued cold wether ar al unfrendly to the prosperity of fruit growing. A writer in the 'People and Patriot'' says that there ar no Blu birds in NewHampshire tills season, and he is at a loss, to solv the problem. I am quite sure that I saw one, several weeks since and herd him sing. I hav also observd that the English sparrows, driv the blu birds away from the places, where they formerly made their nests. Last month we made extended reference to the 'Standard Dictionary.' In this; number of The Manifesto several articls ar publisht in which we hav attempted to follow the rules of the International Spelling Eeform Association, as they ar set forth in this new work. The advantages of the reformd system so essentially simplifid, especially in the suppression of so many silent letters, will at once present themselvs to those who may hav occasion to write, Ji. C, Blinn, Shaker Station, Ct. June, 1895. 'Watch and pray that ye enter not into temptation,' is wise counsel and if heeded will save many wrong steps and much misery. Those who are ever watchful are always strong. If we follow the spirit of truth it will lead us safely. Let us form this link of communion with the angelic host and commit all our trials and burdens to One, who has promised to protect and guide those who trust in Him, However zealous or earnest we may be, if we cease to watch and pray we shall be overcome by the adversary of souls. We should live so each day that God and our conscience can approve. Many persons tell what a lovely place they picture heaven to be, but do nothing to make a present heaven. The virtuous and true find heaven here. Let us be true to our trust and God will give just compensation. Live but for ourselves and we live in vain, but live for Christ and the human brotherhood and we shall reign with him. One half of the year is gone forever, let us wisely improve the remaining months. There is nothing like pure air and clean water for hens. Corn alone will not make good chickens it is most valuable for its fattening qualities. Wheat one part, corn one part and oats one part will produce a fast growing chicken. Daniel Orcutt. South. Family. June, 1885. 'We are enjoying delightful weather. June, with all its admirable scenery has thus far been cool and bracing, with some showers which were much needed. The strawberries were not injured by the frosts and are fast ripening. The vegetables are also coming forward rapidly and our daily supply for the table will meet our expectations although the dry season was severe in this locality, while in some places too much rain damaged the crops. Our mowing fields are looking well and the prospects are encouraging. The many improvements which have been going on around our home have resulted satisfactorily, the fruit trees have all lived and are looking finely. A few years will give evidence of the industry and perseverance which has not been sparingly laid out. The new method of raising chickens has also proved successful as over a hundred are in good growing condition. For all the varied blessings which are daily bestowed upon us, we render thanks and praise to the giver of every good and perfect gift. Forgetting self, we are striving for the wealth that is not of earth, and endeavoring to fill the moments with deeds of love and principles of right, which will prove our discipleship. Maria Witham. Harvard, Mass. June, 1895. ISTow is the time to remember The Manifesto, and as we enjoy the contributions of others to its support, we should be willing to give our mite, as far as ability permits to the enjoyment of others. Through its pages we become acquainted with distant Societies and an interchange of living thought is profitable to stir up our minds by way of remembrance, not only of kindred spirits but perhaps of neglected duties the performance of which is necessary for a further growth into the religion of Christ which teaches us to love our neighbors as ourselves. The month of roses came with mercury dancing among the nineties; but only for a few days and a cold wave from the rock' ies ran it so low we feared a repetition of May's frost which ruined the prospect of small fruits. Thus our lives are checkered with sunshine and shadow, hopes and disappointments. Herein is manifest the patience of the saints,to meet life's varied changes with Christian resignation. The present rains are seasonable to give the grass a free growth that we may be able to replenish our barns and in a meas- THE MANIFESTO. 165 ure repair the loss of last year's fire. I fear it will take several years to make the loss good. Seed time is past, and has been well improved, and the laborers are busy making war on the noxious weeds, that like little evils, will destroy the tender plants if not exterminated. Now that we have planted and watered we look to nature's god to give an increase, and pray we need not look in vain. Afarcia M. Dullard,. Sabbathday Lake, Me. June, 1895. June comes with all her beauty; the most perfect month of the year! The birds commence their songs of rapture early in the morning and sing throughout the long day. We are having fine sunny weather; just what the vegetation needs. A few days since the gardener came into the kitchen with a large basket of spinach saying 'Who wants to goto Florida?' It had grown from seed in twenty-eight days. We think that is doing well for this state&gt; especially as the weather has not always been favorable. The Maine State Building from the World's Fair, Chicago, is now erected at Poland Springs and will be dedicated the 26 inst. Some ot the Officers and a great many people will be present. The Proprietors have very kindly invited us to come with our fancy work; a privilege which we shall gladly accept. Of this eventful day we will tell you in our next Notes. Ada S. Cummings.