ACROSTIC. The Psalmist's prayer Alphabetically arranged. By Emoretta Belden. As the hart panteth after the water-brooks so, panteth my soul after thee, O God. xlii., 1. Be thou not far from me, O Lord, my strength.xxii., 19. Cause me to hear thy loving kindness in the morning; for in thee do I trust. cxliii., 8. Deliver the poor and needy: defend the afflicted and fatherless.lxxxii., 3, 4. Every day will I bless thee; I will praise thy name forever and ever.cxlv., 2. For thou art my rock and my fortress; therefore for thy name's sake lead me, and guide me.xxxi., 8. Give ear to my prayer, O God; and hide not thyself from my supplication. lv., 1. Help us, 0 God of our salvation, for the glory of thy name.lxxix., 9. I will praise thee, O Lord, with my whole heart; I will show forth thy marvelous works.ix.,1. Judge me, O Lord, my God, according to thy righteousness.xxxv., 24. Keep me as the apple of the eye; hide me THE MANIFESTO. 167 under the shadow of thy wings. xvii., 8. Let the words of my mouth, and the meditation of my heart, be acceptable in thy sight, O Lord, my strength and my redeemer.xix., 14. Make thy face to shine upon thy servant: save me for thy mercies' sake.xxxi., 10. Nevertheless I am withthee: thou hast holden me by my right hand.lxxiii., 23. O God, thou knowest my foolishness; and my sins are not hid from thee lxix., 5. Purge me with hyssop, and I shall be clean.li., 7. Quicken me, O Lord, for thy name's sake: for thy righteousness' sake bring my soul out of trouble.cxliii., 11. Redeem Israel, O God, out of all his troubles.xxv., 22. Save thy people, and bless thine inheritance: feed them, and lift them up forever.28., 9. Thou ci'ownest the year with thy goodness.lxv., 11. Unto thee, O Lord, do we give thanks: for that thy name is near thy wondrous works declare.lxxv., 1. Verily there is a reward for the righteous. lviii., 11. We have thought of thy loving-kindness, O God, in the midst of thy temple. xlviii., 9. Yea, let none that wait upon thee be ashamed.xxv.. 3. Zion heard, and was glad; and the daughters of Judah rejoiced because of thy judgments, O Lord.xcvii., 8. West Pittsfield, Mass.