Books and Papers. THE PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL AND SCIENCE of Health THE PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL AND SCIENCE of Health for .June will be especially interesting to all tlie editors of the country, sis well as to general reader!*, us its special feature is a phrenograph of the fim.ous journalist, Cluis. A. Dana, of the New York Sim. Severn] portraits! illustrate his salient tiaitsof character and their agreement with the principles of phrenology. The analysis is from a personal examination by the editor, Dr. Bcall. Cheiro the palmist, well known in New York, contributes a fascinating article on c heirosophy. Dr. II. S. Drayton writes learnedly of 'The Scientific Relation, Past and Present.' Mrs. Charlotte Fowler Wells concludes her sketch of William Walton, and introduces a most interesting study of Shakespeare, illustrated by a fine picture of the celebrated Kesselstadt death mask of the master poet. 'Contrasted Heads' is a conclusive argument for phrenology, by the. editor, accompanied by fine drawings of Charles Bradlaugh and Daniel Drew. Prof. Nelson Sizer continues his charming studies of children. In the Science of Health Department there is the usual variety of excellent hygienic advice, etc. Other well-known writers discuss 'Human Nature' and 'The Temperaments,' etc. There are editorials on the 'Status of Phrenology,' 'Science of the Hand,' and other matters of current interest. Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio Tiiekapv. May, Contents. Phrenology; The Graduating Thesis; Ueply to a letter; Pure Vaccine points; Plant Something; Disintegrating Theory; Dr. T. V. Gifford, Kokomo, Ind. The Ladles' Home Journal A NEW ART EDITOR. William Martin Johnson, who illustrated the 'Garfield' edition of 'Ben Hur' for the Harpers, and also their editions of 'The Cloister and the Hearth' and 'Hypatia,' becomes the art editor of The Ladles' Home Journal on June 1st, leaving New Y'ork to reside permanently in Philadelphia. Mr. Barton Cheyney, a clever newspaper man who has been attached to the press of Delaware and Pennsylvania is also added to the Journal's editorial staff as one of Mr. Bolt's principle associates. The Separated Nation The Separated Nation by H. L. Hastings is a work of some 225 pages. This separated nation is a brief historical account of the Jewish people and written largely from a religious standpoint, with the leading thought that they were at one time a race especially favored of God. The object of the writer is to prove that God was the direct counselor of this nation and that under this inspiration, Moses and other anointed officers directed the people by divine commandment, and that their history throughout the whole earth is the most wonderful, in every respect, of any nation that ever has or that now exists. To all biblical students this little work will prove to be very interesting and equally as instructive. Published at 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass.