THE RIGHT OF SELF-DEFENCE. Christianity is the only infallible or perfect standard by which the right or the wrong of any and all questions in morals may be determined. Hence consistency on the part of persons who profess belief in the Christian Scriptures requires the rejection of all other standards so far as they may differ from the teachings of the New Testament. 1. No man is his own. Having been bought with a price, the man belongs to Christ, who bought him with his own 'precious blood.' 2. A man thus bought is bound to do as his owner commands, be the commands what they mayactive or passive, to do or to suffer. In thus obeying, the man in his body and in his spirit, glorifies God 'manifests the life of Jesus in his mortal flesh,' which is a 'reasonable service.' 3. A man has no right to endanger or lose his life except it be for the sake of Christcovered by command to do or to suffer, and governed by the Spirit of Christ. 'Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despite fully use you and persecute you.' 'Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus.' 'It any man have not the Spirit of Christ he is none of his'be what else he may. 4. A man has no right to give offense to any person. *'Be ye therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves.' ''Give none offense, neither to the Jews, nor to the Church of God.' 5. In associating with his fellows a man has no right to carry about his person deadly weapons. 'The weapons of our warfare are not carnal.' 'Take unto you the whole armor of Godloins girt about with truthbreastplate of righteousnessfeet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peaceshield of faith helmet of salvationthe sword of the Spirit, which is the word of Godpraying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit.' Thus armored 'fight the good fight of faith''war a good warfare.' In taking carnal weapons to defend himself a man thereby forfeits the protection of Him who said, 'they that take the sword shall perish with the sword.' Obedience to the Scriptures quoted will give to a Christian all the right of selfdefense which he can consistently claim, and no man in Christendom has any right not to be a Christian. 'To him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin.' While obedience to Christ does not ensure against violence and death by wicked hands, yet it does ensure a divinely ordered protection which would not otherwise be afforded. If faithfulness be 'unto death,' the chief end of manto glorify God, is attained, and to enjoy Gud forewr is made sure. The ''glory' with which men cover themselves on a battle-field is but a bloody bubblean abomination in the sight of God'but the man who loses his life for the sake of Ciirist shall find it, and shall have given him 'a crown of life.' Self-defense or self-exposure is with the Christian, a question of small import when compared with the controlling purpose of life which is well expressed by the faithful Paul: 'Christ shall be magnified in my body, whether it be by life, or by death.' If faithful to Christ does not secure against death by wicked hands, then is it better 'to depart and be with Christ' than to deny Christ and live a while longer with a tormenting conscience. Christian Neighbor.