SOCIAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. (Leading paper by Catherine Allen.) Question. HOW far is it the duty of Believers, and to what extent will it be profitable for them to co-operate with and sustain the various reform movements of the outside world, and through what means should they co-operate? Answer. As a people, we believe we have received revelations of spiritual truth which in some lines are in advance of any other religious body, and this truth gives us power to lay the ax at the root of evil, which enables us to live that new life wherein are embodied, as a whole, most of the reforms now in progress among mankind. If this be true, we can only maintain our rightful position by leading the religious thought of the world, which is always progressive; for it is only the husk of theology which grows old, while in the kernel of true religion inheres a vitality which will eternally renew and expand itself in the life of humanity, ever evolving from the dogmatic and 15 6 THE MANIFES TO. superstitious to the rational and comprehensive. If we have received light, is it for ourselves alone? is it not our duty to let it shine? Every evil is a form of bondage. If we have found emancipation from one or from many evils, then in obedience to the command to k'love one another,' should we not do all in our power to disenthrall our brother man? As part of the great life of humanity it is impossible for us to advance alone. No separate good can an}'where exist, we can only live by loving, by serving one another; therefore is it not vitally necessary to our existence as a people to interest ourselves in every movement which tends toward reform and the general progress of the race? As to active co-operation therewith, some will say;'We are too few in number; too limited in means and not sufficiently educated in the required measure for public work, either to honor our cause or to be helpful to those whom we would gladly assist. Others may remind us of our calling to 'come out and be separate' from the world, fearing lest sympathetic action, even in a good cause, would lead us to condescend to the standards of the earthly order and so we would lose sight of our own especial work. These objections we will separately consider. First :As to our being few in number. The strength of principle is not measured by the number of those who sustain it. One on the side of truth is always a majority. We believe that to us has been revealed a testimony in whose potency is the hope of the world for salvation ; should we not therefore embrace every opportunity to publish it? and through channels most favorable for reaching leading minds such as would open to us through efforts to support the many worthy movements of our time ? Second:Are we too limited in means ? Shall we cozily enjoy the accumulated comforts which have been bequeathed us through the sacrifices of those who sought 'first the kingdom of heaven,' and in our abundance allow material interests to absorb those of a higher nature? If so, the earth will kindly give us a burial place, while another people, braver, truer and less selfish will herald our testimony to the world. Third :It is true that, as a people long accustomed to seclusion, we are not at present educated in those lines which are necessary to give us a leading or even helpful influence, where we would be glad to add our strength. This is because so few among us have recognized our relation and duty to the outside world, or have kept sufficiently informed of the many living themes and organized efforts for human advancement, to be in touch with the new thought, new modes of expression and of action, which would be essential for successful co-operation with leading minds of to-day. We must allow our customs and habits of thought and life to be remolded, not in conformity to the spirit of the world, but by the progressive spirit of the age, while we renew the sources of spiritual life within ourselves, by studying and applying more closely those divine truths which alone are the vitality of our Order. THE MANCFESTO. 157 The longer we refrain from this and from active expressions of sympathy with such movements as tend to raise the standard of life in any direction, the less capacity we will have for united action in our Community, and the less opportunity to make our life and principles known to that of people to whom we look for the perpetuation of our Societies, also the less prepared we will be to receive such as members. Fourth :Of the objection to assimilation with the world. We think that the love of truth and of humanity which gives impulse to the reformer, and that self-denial which is the underlying principle of every true reform, are not of the world, but of the Christ spirit. All good is from the great central Good, the goal of every progressive movement. Shall we then receive harm by affiliated effort with those who are thus prompted? Lastly :By what means shall we co-operate with or sustain the various movements with which we are in sympathy ? We suggest, by writing articles for such publications as give them voice ; when petitions are to be presented to the Legislature or to Congress, to sign our own names and use our influence to get signers among outside friends; by cultivating ourselves in a clear and concise expressions of opinions so that we ma}T occasionally be acceptable speakers at conventions. Although in intellectual attainments we can not at present approach many of the workers in the fields of reform, nevertheless there are many well organized societies who would gladly enroll us as honorary or contributing members. They would look to us as a stronghold of moral and spiritual strength if we would but extend to them the hand of fellowship. Could we not thus increase our power for good without in any degree participating in the worldly spirit of party strife and division, or otherwise departing from our most pure and holy faith? Are we fulfilling our calling, or can we consider our past existence successful, if by the efforts of more than a century there has not been conserved enough individual strength and vitality to enable us now to take this step in advance ? Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.