ADVENTURE AMONG THE ROSICRUCIANS, NO 2. By Franz Hartmann. [Contributed by William C. Ayer.] BUT it is also true that ignorance and conceit are closely connected together, and that the ignorant hate him who is wiser than they. If one man, knowing more about the requirements of his nature, and desirous to employ all his energies for the attainment of a higher state, were to dai*e to assert his manhood and to rebel against the chains of fashion, could he continue to live unmolested in his community? and if he were to emigrate to another, would he not be exposed there to the same troubles? He would still come in contact with men who hated the light because they were educated in darkness, who would misunderstand him, suspect his motives, and persecute him; and woe to him if he had any human failings upon which the snake of slander could fasten its poison fangs. Wherever darkness exists, there exists abhorrence of light. Where ignorant man enters, there enter his imperfections. Wherever ignorance resides, there are her attending angels, suspicion, envy and fear. Would it not be more within the scope of true science to enlighten man about his true nature, than to invent theories regarding the causes of phenomena which she does not know and which she can not prevent? 'That which is almost impossible by the unaided efforts of a single individual, may often easily be accomplished by the co-operation of many, and this law seems to prevail in all departments of nature. If a sufficient number of people were determined to retire from the harlequin stage of the world and to turn away from the tomfooleries of a fashionable existence, they may if they can harmonize with each other, form a power sufficiently strong to repel the attacks of the monster which would devour them all if they were all separated and unaided by each other. ' 'There have been at previous times as there are now, numerous people who became convinced that there was a higher and inner life, and who desired to surround themselves with such conditions as were most favorable for its attainment. Such people were not merely to be found in Christian countries, but also among the 'heathen;' and thousands of years ago lamaseries THE MANIFESTO. 155 and lodges, orders, monasteries, convents, and places of refuge have been established, where people might strive to attain a higher life, unimpeded by the aggressions and annoyances of the external world of illusions. Their original purpose was beyond a doubt very recoinmendable. If in the course of time many such institutions have become degraded and lost their original character; if instead of being places for the performance of the noblest and most difficult kind of labor, they have become places of refuge for the indolent, idle and superstitious ; it is not the fault of that principle which first caused such institutions to be organized, but it is the consequence of the knowledge of the true nature of man and his powers and destiny having been lost, and with the loss of that knowledge the means for the attainment, the original aim was naturally lost and forgotten. 'Such a degradation took place in Europe, especially during and after the Middle Ages when, enriched by robberies and endowed by dying thieves who wanted to buy salvation, they amassed great wealth and lived a luxurious life, feasting on the fat of the land. They then knew nothing more of the conditions of a higher existence; they became centers of attraction for the hypocrite and the idle. They passed away their idle hours in pious amusements and in striving to gain material wealth. Instead of being centers from which blessings should spread over the'country, they became a plague to the land. They robbed the rich and vampire-like, they sucked the last drop of blood out of the poor. They continued in this manner until the cup of their crimes was full, when the great Reformation caused the downfall of many and the reform of the rest.