ENVY. By Julia M. Lincoln. AMONG the many vices inherent in the human heart, there is none perhaps, which yields more unhappiness, unrest and dissatisfaction than envy. Like a rank weed, which springs up and destroys the growth of valuable plants, so is this evil, if left to become deeply rooted in the heart; it saps the life of those noble virtues that should adorn the Christian character. Envy is an outgrowth of selfishness, and springs from the love destroying elements of pride, deceit and covetousness. Where one of these evils THE MANIFESTO. 181 exist the rest are close by, cramping the mind and blinding the perceptions of the soul to such an extent, that it observes the good and true in others, only to repine, and sorrows at their prosperity and success. One wisely said, 'Base envy withers at another's joy, and hates the excellence it cannot reach.' What a true expression this is of the condition of a selfish, envious heart. The proud and arrogant man sees another who possesses a stronger intellect, greater abilities in art, science and literature, or is the owner of larger wealth, or who has more advantages in many ways than himself, the fires of envy are kindled, and burn with an almost quenchless flame, consuming divine qualities of love and generosity that belong to a brotherhood of peace and good-will. All have not equal capacities; all could not reach the perfection of the skilled architect, sculptor, artist or musician, yet each one fills a niche in the structure of life; each one is important in the duties that he should fulfill; therefore we should be content with the small gift that is ours, nor let the arrows of envy wound the hearts of those who do better and greater things than we are capable of doing. We have but to read history, to know that this loathsome evil has, in ages gone by, ruled the hearts of mankind, and caused largely the strife, dissension and confusion among them. Ruler against ruler, and nation against nation, have been impelled by this inward foe to war with one another, causing desolation and destruction where beauty and abundance once reigned. Are not these lessons applicable to the present time ? Was it not envy that prompted Joseph's brethren to cast him into a pit in the wilderness, and then sell him to the Egyptians, that they might see no more of him ? It was the same evil motive that controlled the hearts of the Jews and stirred them to hatred against Jesus because of his goodness and humility, and envy that was consummated in his crucifixion. Many promulgators of the truth, philosophers and scientists have been condemned to torture and death, by those who were actuated by this vice. The generous, noble, unselfish heart untainted by envy and its accompanying evils, is ever rejoicing in the attainments and excellencies of others, is happier when a friend wins than when he fails, and is always content with his position though humble. That spiritual man Prof. Henry Drummond, once wrote : 'Only one thing, truly, need the Christian envy,the large, rich, generous soul which envieth not.' One seeking to buildup rather than pull down the good character of others, for the spirit that undermines, is the most treacherous form of this despicable evil. How much better and happier mortals would be, if they would work by the rule of love which 'envieth not,' which thinketh no evil, and lives and toils for the good of all. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.