DIETETICS. By Martha J. Anderson. fTIHE life-blood as it courses through the body, building up waste tissue, I vitalizing and vivifying the constituent elements of the animal organism tells us by its varied manifestations, whether it is composed of good or poor material. If bone, brain and muscle are strong and vigorous, we may conclude that they receive their proper aliment; if the osseous structure is frail, 174 THE MANIFESTO. the nervous system weak, and the muscular fibre incapable of sustaining labor and fatigue, then is the cause apparentinsufficient nutrition. In order to ensure a perfect state of health, the digestive organs must be in good condition, for the nourishment of the body is dependent on the healthful action of the stomach. Thorough mastication greatly aids the gastric fluid in the assimilation of the food, which after it passes into the intestines in a state of chylification, is taken up by the lacteals and the thoracic duct, and conveyed in a fluid state to the heart, thence to the lungs, where it becomes oxygenated, and chemically changed, prepared as fit material for constructing the house we live in. The primary elements contained in food, are oxygen, hydrogen, carbon and nitrogen; the combination of these in different apportionment, makes the variety in the animal and vegetable kingdoms. A certain amount of each is necessary for structural purposes, but nitrogen is essentially one of the flesh forming ingredients ; some carbon is needed for warmth, but an excess of carbonaceous matter clogs the machinery of the human system, and superinduces disease, which in its various manifestations, is the effect of the accumulation of foreign matter, and the effort of nature to rid the body of it. Oxygen and hydrogen also act an important part in carrying forward the great processes of physical construction. The result of chemical analysis proves, that the common idea that animal food being more nutritious than vegetable is false. 'It is the stimulating property of meat which has led to the impression .that it is more nourishing than a vegetable diet.' There are no nutritive properties in fat; like sugar, and other concentrated articles, it is purely carbonaceous. Persons who for many years have been accustomed to a certain regime, find it difficult to change, especially if they depend on the stimulus of a flesh diet, which they mistake for strength. Children inherit the vitiated appetites of their parents for food as well as alcoholic drink, and meat eating has much to do with the abnormal thirst for liquor. ;iOne of the strongest proofs of the radical impropriety of man's feeding on flesh, must be that which is armed with the fact, that the human body invariably withers and perishes most miserably when constantly confined to it. It cannot be denied that a diet consisting exclusively of fruit and farinaceous matters is favorable to the constitution.' That flesh is unsuitable for human food, has been insisted on by philosophers of all ages. Celsus affirms, 'that much animal food induces premature old agedecrepitude and disease.' The ancient athletes who were fed much on flesh, were said to be the most stupid of men; Diogenes said, when asked the cause, 'It is because they are wholly formed of the flesh of swine and oxen.' Atilla, the king of the Huns, a cruel and blood-thirsty monarch, devoured large quantities of meat. It was said of him that he never knew the taste of bread, while Appolonius, the pure souled humanitarian, lived on bread and THE MANIFESTO. . 175 drank water only. Who can judge how much the diet affected the extremely opposite character of each. Nomadic races need more land to supply them with the fruits of the chase, than do the peasantry of those civilized countries-who gain a livelihood by tilling the soil. Indeed, perfect scientific agriculture would limit a man to a very small tract of land from which to obtain needful food. The laboring classes of almost every nation are obliged to live simply, and their very necessity is their physical salvation, and in them lies the hope of the perpetuity of the race. Americans as a rule are a nation of dyspeptics; meat three times a day, hot biscuit, lard-crusted pie and strong tea destroy the digestive apparatus and create a host of nervous invalids. Helen Campbell, in her charming New England story, 'Some Passages in the Practice of Dr. Martha Scarborough,' makes the doctor say some plain and caustic things in reference to the health-destroying diet of the descendants of the Pilgrim Fathers. Our ancestors knew something of privation and want, but in this age of reckless extravagance, even among the poorer classes, perverted appetites are pampered, and 'sugar, starch and fat' enter largely into the regime of the masses. A highly wrought, nervous temperament which predominates among the Americans, needs nutritive, but not stimulating food, the former is found in fruits, grains and cereals,the best gifts of Mother Earth; yet how sad to think that even these are turned into body and soul ruining beverages, and thousands more of God's rich acres are wasted with the raising of the obnoxious tobacco plant,the nerve shatterer and blood poisoner of the people in this so-called enlightened age. God in his beneficence has made abundant provision for the feeding of all his children without the slaying of animals. We are in the ascending scale of evolution, from grosser to higher forms of life. The time cometh when 'He that killeth an ox will be as he that slew a man.' The yet unwritten law of the New Earth, shall give to every man a heritage, 'He shall sit under his own vine and fig tree,' eating the fruits thereof in peace, each living in harmony with his neighbor, while the nucleus of the New Heavens will be formed of the more progressed portions of humanity, who shall gather together in heavenly communism, obeying the leadings of the divine in all things pertaining to physical and spiritual life. 'Then shall they not hurt nor destroy in all God's holy mountain; for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord as the waters cover the sea.' Isaiah, xi., 9. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.