GAINING GROUND. By Catherine Allen. We had read with great interest the account of the revival of the Woman'a Suffrage Association, and our hearts went out in sympathy and blessing to all workers in the Cause, therefore it was a pleasing and interesting occurrence when at our doors appeared a modest and intelligent young woman bearing a book for petitions, in which she solicited the names of all who were interested in the movement, and of suitable age to register in favor of Woman's Suffrage. She had been commissioned to this work by the Rev. Theodore Harris, Pastor of the Congregational Church of New Lebanon, who in visiting our homes became much interested in our religious views and practical reforms, especially in vegetarianism to which he became a convert, and very deeply was he impressed with our system of social and industrial economy, based THE MANIFESTO. 193 upon the recognition of the equality of the sexes, and resulting in the practical solution of many of the knotty problems of the day. He therefore rightly believed that although our Societies would on no account give votes for, or become connected with any political party, we would gladly avail ourselves of the Right of Petition in giving support to any cause for the furtherance of liberty, justice and truth. Therefore, although it was the busy season of house cleaning and seed sowing, appreciating the worth in possession among ourselves as an Order of that which this movement would eventually secure for humanity at large, both Brethren and Sisters gladly enrolled their names among the petitioners, believing that when attained, Woman's Suffrage will be a prime factor in securing her freedom from all man made restrictions, giving her an equal voice with him concerning all the laws by which she is governed. Every true and intelligent woman will give her strength in this direction as a means to an endthat end the uplifting not only of woman, but of man. Together they have been degraded, together they must rise. Of little moment is civil liberty compared to that love of chastity which inheres in the nature of every true woman. To those who realize the debasement and thraldom to sensual passions to which man and woman alike are bound, no boon will be so highly prized as that which will be granted to woman through correct civil laws; rights of her being, body and soul! Thus will she be freed from that galling slavery which more than anything else retards the progress of the race. When the ballot is hers, woman will be swift to legislate to the effect that man shall be obliged to conform to the same moral standard as herself. Purification of the social life of the sexes is of the greatest importance for two reason: first, that their present corrupt state is the primal cause of all sin and misery, for thus the very fountains of existence are poisoned, entailing diseased conditions of body and mind upon future generations. Second, that in this perversion lies not only the cause of every other evilby the creation of false appetites and unjust systems in other departments of life, but the dissipation of those vital forces which give energy, strength of will, and the power of self-denial, without which no reform can be accomplished in the individual or the community. As a matter of science and physiology it is well understood that by the conservation of these life forces, those higher faculties of mind and soul are developed through which the divine spirit of truth can operate for the redemption of the race. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.