FOOD. Theke is in the May number of the Phrenological Journal an articl by J. G. Stair, M. D. on 'Manufactured Foods' that is wel worthy a careful perusal. While the helthof an individual depends so largely upon the food that is eaten from day to day, it becums not only necessary but also an imperativ duty to exercize a great deal of care, in the selection of those articls of diet, that ar obtaind for the general nutrition of the system. 190 Tl IE MA XIFES TO. Food in its natural state may generally be determind so clearly that the fear of injury may be quite slight, but that which lms been manipulated by a manufacturer may not be so easily determind. 'Careful investigation by the Department of Agriculture has shown that most of the cannd goods in tle market contain salicylic acid and sulphites as preservativ materials, and that these substances decidedly lessen the digestibility and wholesunmess ol thtse article of diet. All goods cannd in tin ar found to contain traces of lead, which is of course a poison to the human system.' The Dr. says, 'There is no dependence | to be put in any food product which can not be examine! and tested without a chemist, and daily with one's own eyes.' To live and lern seems to be quite essential at the present time, and to lern speedily seems to be equally necessary especially if we expect to keep pace with the microbe family. 'A microbist, has found that very pretty ice, transparent and seemingly clean, may contain more, than seven times the amount of organic matter which is safe for drinking purposes, and even half a million microbes to the teaspoonful. Ice is a great luxury, even a necessity for this season, but since we can seldom know its source or purity (or rather impurity) the better way is to avoid letting it melt in or cum in direct contact-with our beverages.' Dr. Foote's Health Monthly. Good medical authority says that oatmeal is one of the best of foods. 'There is an inestimable blessing in a cheerful spirit. When the soul throws its windows wide open, letting in the bright sunshine and presenting to all who see it the evidence of its gladness, it is not only happy, but it has an unspeakable power of doing good. To all the other beatitudes may be added, 'Blessed are the joy makers.' ' The fruit diet curbs ostentation and luxury, and makes it possibl for rich and poor to feed more alike. As such pure foods cum into vogue, the passions wil be better controlld and cruelty and war wil becum sooner impossible As we cease to be carnivorous, we shal 'let the tiger die' within us. Then sensuality wil be kept in check, crimes of violence wil greatly diminish, while disease wil be largely prevented. W. S. Manning in The Temple of Health.