ILL TEMPER. By Lucy S. Bowers. ILL temper is one of the worst passions of the human mind even in its mildest form, and when fully and freely exercised becomes disgraceful and despicable in the extreme. In this breathing and beautiful world, filled as it were, with the presence of the Deity, and fragrant with incense from unnumbered altars of praise, it is almost impossible to conceive how an element so painful and base as this, could find a place even for a moment of time. To be angry in any degree is to sin. The command is, 'Let not the sun go down upon your wrath.' Following are a few quotations from authors of past and present time, who have denounced in meaning terms the evils of ill temper. If any of them were guilty subjects, their fault condemned and confessed became at least says, THE MANIFES TO. 179 half redressed. We can all agree in the truth of their sayings, learn the lessons which they present, and exercise them practically upon our own lives. It was Cumberland who, comparing ill temper, put it in the superlative degree, he said, 'Of all bad things by which mankind are curst.' Their own bad tempers surely are the worst.' Webster felt likewise, when he wrote, 'There is not in nature A thing that makes man so deformed, so beastly As doth intemperate anger.' Dean Swift said,'-Our passions are like convulsion fits, which make us stronger for the time, but leave us weaker forever afterward.' Marcus Antonius expressed the same sentiment long ago in the following,'Consider how much more you often suffer from your anger and grief than from those very things for which you are angry and grieved.' 'If anger proceeds from a great cause,' said Jeremy Taylor, 'it turns to fury; if from a small cause, it is peevishness, and so is either terrible or ridiculous.' Clarendon likens angry and choleric persons to thunder and lightning, ungrateful and unsociable, being in themselves all storm and tempest ; but quiet and easy natures are like fair weather, welcome to all. Still another condemnation appears in the words of Johnson who said, 'The round of a passionate man's life is in contracting debts in his passion which his virtues oblige him to pay. He spends his time in outrage and acknowledgment, injury and reparation.' 'An angry man is again angry with himself when he returns to reason,' says Publius Syrus. This is true with all who care for reputation, morals or character; who care for the angelic development of their souls ; it is the spirit of conviction and repentance that is able to correct all the wrongs of human life. Anger blinds the moral vision, numbs every sense of propriety, and disgraces the individual over whom it gains control. It is as desperate as a furious and frightened horse which, when under way, still plunges along till its force is spent and pain and suffering become a consequence. Cotton likened it to 'intoxication, which like that of grape, shows us to others, but hides us from ourselves, and we injure our own cause in the opinion of others, when we too passionately and eagerly defend it.' It is impossible that any of enlightened mind or conscientious principle should willfully or willingly allow themselves indulgence in such wanton ways, or at any time so far to forget themselves as to be easily ignited into a flame of feeling by offences or circumstances be they ever so annoying ; or in any way to approve it; for it is a terrible enemy to gentle peace and happiness. Neither power, place nor condition fortify the soul against the upheavals of the lower animal nature; the superior faculties in man, divinely 180 THE MANIFESTO. inspired, must dominate and overcome in every state and stage of his existence, otherwise there is no salvation. The great and the wise; artists, poets and even musicians whose souls it would seem must live in the realm of ceaseless harmony have given themselves up to these abnormal feelings, and many becoming victims to their deadly discharges have fallen to rise no more. It is dreadful to contemplate but it is true that on the throne and in high places it has burned like the fiercest fire, and found the most fuel. It has opened many a gloomy pit with its murderous hand when in a moment of frenzied passion thousands have been condemned to die, often guiltless and without trial. It is the despoiler of home loves, the destroyer of friendships, and is often a fatal injury to the health of those who yield to its influence. Whoever finds ill temper among his spiritual foes, should seek earnestly and sincerely to be filled with the power of God's love, which is the germ of moral excellence; the fullness and completeness of all the excellence of God, and is able to help us to rise above the imperfections to which we are all more or less subject. Our greatest heroic aim should be to control and conquer, not nations and tribes and persons, but ourselves. Said the ancient Dhamiuapoda, 'If one man conquer in battl a thousand tim &gt;s a thousand men, and if another conquer himself ; he is the greatest conqueror.' Conquer thyself! till thou hast done that, thou art a slave in bondage more than that realized under unjust despotic law. It is wise to be moderate. 'Moderation is the silken string running through the pearl chain of all virtues.' It is virtuous to be forgiving, 'Never does a human soul appear so strong as when it foregoes revenge and dares to forgive an injury.' It is Christian to be patient. 'How poor are they who have not patience,' who hath it not is out of possession of his soul. All the words of Jesus teach self-denial, and the lives of all good men and women testify to the virtue of an humble spirit and a well governed mind. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.