THE SERMON ON THE MOUNT. By Aurelia G. Mace. IN the Arena for March, 1892, Charles Schrodes asks the question, 'Where do we find the Christian teachers of any sect, creed or denomination, who dare to preach and live, or even accept this grand Sermon in its entirety?' If he should visit the Shaker Communities, he would find a people who do accept the Sermon on the Mount, as their guide, whose aim is to control their lives by its teachings in every respect. He would find in them some who are true followers of Jesus the Christ, and who have in reality, entered 'The Path' and are walking the straight and narrow path that leads to life eternal. During the six hundred years, from Buddha to Jesus, spiritual light was increasing, and Friend Schrodes is right in ranking the teachings of Buddha second to those of Jesus. Both of these great teachers opened to the people a l 'Path, which the vulture's eye hath not seen : The lion's whelps have not trodden it, nor the fierce lion passed by it.' 'Enter the path,' said Buddha to those who would be his followers, (among these were some of his nearest relations,) when he returned from the wilderness, enlightened, illumed and all animal passions subdued. 'Straight is the gate and narrow is the way which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it,' said Jesus. In all the ages that are passed, how few there have been, who have entered the straight and narrow way and turned neither to the right nor to the left, but kept onward and upward until they have reached the heights for which they started. THE MANIFESTO. 173 Few, by the discipline brought to bear upon their daily lives, have found their spirits purified, all selfishness eradicated and every evil passion subdued, but that it can be done has been proved by loyal souls. If Friend Schrodes will visit Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., East Canterbury, N. H., even our little home at Sabbathday Lake, Me. or any of the Shaker Societies, he will find people who lift up their voices in denunciation of war and all the evils of the day and also of the night. It is not because their number is so small that they are not heard. The multitude have blinded their own eyes and stopped their own ears. They will not see, they will not hear. Sabbathday Lake, Me.