BE NOT DECEIVED. IT is highly necessary for every one who wishes to accomplish any kind of work, either mental or fysical, to be thuroly assured that they hav not been deceivd by false representations or by the following of a shadow to their own ruin. When the Apostl Peter admonisht his brethren to 'be ready always to giv an answer to every man that asketh a reason of the hope that is in you,' he evidently was quite wel assured of their ability to meet the demand. That he had no hesitancy in giving this advice is evident from his own testimony. 'Blessed be God who hath begotten us unto a lively hope, to an inheritance incorruptibl and that fadeth not away.' Such an assurance was no matter of guess work, but wel understood. Very few bodies of pepl would be likely to form thernselvs into societies without being certain to sum extent that the combination would prove to be advantageous to the individual as wel as to the body as a whole. In the acceptance of these religious dogmas, with the vared theological views that ar to form the basis of this new eommonvvelth or society, a careful analysis is made of sum Scripture texts, which no dout, appear reasonabl as wel as Scriptural, and upon which they must act in order to obtain the anticipated results. That there ar a large number of religious sects, is very natural, as there ar a large number of pepl from whom to form these religious bodies. If the forms and ceremonies, or the general belief of one party ar especially singular or even peculiar, it is no argument against them, and the next in order may stand in a corresponding position so soon as they becum actors, and the first party becum the ones to criticize. The Apostl was not slow to lern this fact, when he went among either the Jews or the Greeks. Their religious belief was old and the Christian order became to the Jews a sad stumbling block, which belief they would not accept. God had calld them his sons and for hundreds of years had manifested himself to them, and it was not strange that they should stumbl on the appearance of the Galilean whose very simplicity of dress and preaching they were ready to condemn. When the intellectual and worldly-wise Greeks were confronted by the Christians, they at once turnd as from a system of foolishness and gave an off hand dismissal to the whole affair. By the mass of mankind the utterance of disbelief or condemnation may be an easy matter as it requires neither education nor even common sense, and the setting aside of THE MANIFESTO. 183 one party by another, ads no beneficial quality to the self-constituted judges, and has no force to harm those who ar accused. There ar men in the world who ar calld the one idea men. Their church is the only church, and without its pale is everlasting death. Their God is the only true God, and they worship him on the murderous field of battle; in the accumulation of mammon for individual selfishness and in the mazes of sensuality. They hav accepted a passage of Scripture which confirms them that it has redeeming features. Any light thrown upon this passage except from their own tallow candle, is at once severely ignored. Fortunately the privileges of a free cuntry ar open to all and we ar at liberty to accept or reject any plan that may be presented to us. In our own case we think we ar consistent followers of our accepted guide, the Lord, Jesus Christ. His mission was in the interest of a spiritual relation, and his discipls were to deny themselvs of all ungodliness and every worldly lust. All the selfish relations of the worldly order were held in their legitimate place, while the exam pi and the testimony of Jesus and his discipls carried them into a higher sphere and into a spiritual element. It is a pseudo Christianity that has thru sofistry and selfishness most thuroly amalgamated the gospel truth with pagan filosofy, and sown it broadcast thru the world. Religious communism has its activ, life principl in the advent of the carpenter's son, the man of Galilee, the divine Teacher, the son of God. Direct from him we hav this remark, 'The son of man hath not where to lay his head.' He had no selfish home and no private interest in any property, and yet no one for a moment would suppose that he was deprivd of his food, or a suitable place for rest at night. Jesus and the twelve discipls formd the first Christian community in which their lives and all that they possest was consecrated to God. The mine and thine system of selfishness has arisen at a later date, and largely obscured the light and truth of the testimony of Jesus. Peter's declaration that was evidently spoken under the full responsibility of the cross of Christ opens to us the order which had been establisht for the evangelizing work,'Behold, we hav forsaken all to follow thee.' It was not a special matter of faith, but an active work ; not a fractional surrender of a few things, but it was to forsake all. Peter was a married man, and the narrator is so explicit as to state that Peter's wife's mother was sick, and this relation warrants the Christian in saying that the Apostls were married men, and that it was a feature of the 184 THE MANIFESTO. Christian church. However, Peter's inventory of earthly treasures may possibly have been as follows ;A faithful, loving wife ; A cmfort;ibl huuse by the sea shore ; Two wel furnisht boats on the sea of Galilee ; some excellent fishing nets and a good stock of provisions. Now the question arises,Did Peter mean what he said or was he tinctured with the spirit of Ananias ? Matthew tells us that Peter left his nets to follow Jesus, and that would imply that he also left his boats ; but Peter more to the point, has said, 'Behold, we have forsaken all. What does Peter's inventory of all that he possest include? That he forsook the whole is agieeabl to his statement. Jesus had at an earlier date informd his discipls that if they would follow him in the regeneration, they must forsake all the relations of the old Adamic order and count only those as Brethren and Sisters who gave their lives 'to do the wil of God,' and Paul emphasizes this by ading, 'Put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make no provision for the flesh, to fulfil the lusts thereof.' It must be a very unobservant mind that can project a statement so at variance with fact as the following;'The Shakers can find no authority for their system of Community life.' Henry Ward Beecher once remarked, that a person would see things corresponding to the color of his glasses, and certainly sum glasses must be very defective when everything becums so sadly distorted as to confuse all history, all Biblical authority and all common sense. As witnesses for the truth it wil be wel for us as Believers, to live in such a manner that every one may 'show the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the Lord.' H. C. Blinn.