Books and Papers. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy Iii the July number of 'The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy' is found a very interesting article on The Physiological and Scientific Basis of Religion by T. V. Gifford, M. D. Every influence that can assist in the unfolding of the mind of man in regard to a better moral or physical life is a friend to humanity. Other articles are to be found in the same number, that are of great value to the thoughtful reader. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo, Ind. ' Cosmopolitan 'O, will he paint me the way 1 want,' As bonny as a girlie, Or will he paint me an ugly tyke, And be dd to Mr. Xerli! But still and on and which ever it is, He is a canty Kerlie. The Lord protect the back and neck Of honest Mr. Nerli.'* This, one of the last verses ever written by Robert Louis Stevenson, is in reference to the portrait of himself, which is given to the public with his verse for the first time in the July Cosmopolitan. The lines might have come from the pen of Burns, and are inimitable in their way. The portrait was declared by Stevenson himself to be the best ever painted of him. In this same number of The Cosmopolitan Rudyard Kipling tells an Indian story, to which Remington adds charming illustrations; Mrs. Burton Harrison makes a serious study of New York society in 'The Myth of the Four Hundred,' and Kate Douglas Wiggin contributes a storjT of one of the most delightful of Welsh retreats. The Cosmopolitan was with this number reduced to ten cents per copy, and as a consequence, notwithstanding its large edition, it was 'out of print' on the third day of publication. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for July is a beautiful number. All wi)l wTant it. It contains an interesting phrenograph of Walter Damrosch by Edgar C. Beall, M. D. including several portraits of this remarkable musician. The benefits of phrenology to the preacher by Rev. N. F. Douglas, Chinese Cruelty by Arthur H. Lee. Then follows a welcome sketch of Phrenological Biography by Mrs. (;. F. Wells which brings to our notice, our universal friend Rev. Geo. S. Weaver. Where are we, by H. S. Drayton, M. D. A study in conceit by the Editor. Everybody will be pleased with Precious Treasures by Prof. Sizer, with its beautiful, true to life and instructive illustrations. The Science of Health bristles with information on subjects near to the public mind. In'short, hasten to procure a copy and enjoy the excellent reading with us. Fowler and Wells Co. 27 East 21st St. New York City.