Correspondence. There is a little precept... Union Village, Ohio. May, Irt9'&gt;. Tiiekk is a little precept which has been handed down from generation to generation, from time almost immemorial. It is a very simple percept, a child can understand it, and yet it is one of the most important, all-coinprehending precepts that was ever uttered. If it had always been obeyed, no war would ever have been possible, no persecution for religion's sake, or miv other sake, would ever have been perpetrated on the earth, no moneyed aristocracy would ever have ground the faces of the poor, nor sent hundreds and thousands of poverty-stricken wretches out of the world, through the ghastly portals of suicide. Peace and plenty, comfort and health would have long since brooded in silence over the world, and the voice of sorrow, contention and strife been hushed forever. The good and righteous spirit of man, would have impressed the universal current of thought, and the terrible cyclone and drouth, famine and plague would never have been. The pinching economies of the poor by which they eke out a mere existence and which give no opportunity for higher aims and satisfactions, would have never blasted the fate of the masses. Slums, charities, infirmaries would never have been needed, and would never have existed. No animal would ever have had to be sacrificed to the voluptuous gluttony of man. Je-ilousy, revenge, cruelty and extortion would never have been hoard of. But alas ! We have heard this little precept sounded in our ears, iterated and reiterated, almost ever since man existed on the earth, and it is continually repeated day after day up to ttr.s very moment, and yet how very lew hear it and how infinitely fewer, heed it. How is it that we are so unmindful of it, when we see misery, squalor, sickness, and suicide on every hand? It would seem we are almost insane, when we must know there is a safe and salutary remedy, when we know that we might see smiling contentment on every side and happiness among all creatures, those below, as well as on, and above our own plane. A little serious inner thoughtfulness and meditation every morning, would place every individual in a mood of mind which would enable him or her, to so regulate their conduct as to obey that little precept, and if every one would avail himself of this facility and be governed by the suggestions of conscience in the matter, the present status of horror brooding over the earth, would be followed by the immediate advent of the long looked for Millennium. O! that the whole earth would hearken to the voice of the 'Son of man' and come to judgment on the merits of this one little precept. The whole face of nature and of grace would undergo a change so wonderful, that all pres- THE MAN (FES TO. 177 ent conditions of society would be instantly metamorphosed and struck with joyful wonder and praise and thanksgiving to God. In view of such magnificent and astounding results, you will of course want to know what can be the form and character of this wonderful precept ? Here it is 'Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.' Is that hard to understand? is it unreasonable? is it impractical? is it unjust? By no means. It is not so hard, or half so difficult as a contrary policy, and yet how very slow we are in adopting it into our theory and translating the theory into our practical life. O what a strange medley of contradictions man is! Do let us for Heaven's sake, turn about and revolutionize this world of ours, why not make of it a heaven instead of a hell as it now is, owing to our constant violation of this simple precept? Echo answers 'Why not?' Oliver C. Hampton.