CHARITY. By Fidella Esterbrooks. is an ethereal substance, so light that it may not be seen by natural sight, yet so powerful as to still a battle cry. As oxygen, entering a room filled.with poisonous air, quietly and invisibly changes it, filling it with life-giving properties ; so the sweet breath of charity, if allowed to permeate the spiritual atmosphere, disperses the poisonous germs of ill-will, and gives new strength and nourishment. CHARITY 178 THE MANIFESTO. The standard works define charity as love, liberality. Shakespeare charity is, 'Gently to hear, kindly to judge.' The faithful teacher and minister of Christ's doctrine, Paul, says, 'Charity suffereth long and is kind.' In no manner, we think could a truth be placed more plainly and forcibly. 'Charity suffereth,'not alone in enduring great trouble and hardship, but by its power the unkind word, the frowning look, or despicable act, can be divinely borne. All the 'thousand littlenessess,' which make up the sum total of existence, it suffers, and suffers 'long.' 'Charity suffereth long, and is kind.' In the last three words is found the key-note of charity; strike this and others will follow, to form a beautiful harmony. For the frown it gives an answering smile, for unkind words a forgiving reply, for those around us always a lenient spirit, being slow to judge evil, and quick to throw its mantle over sin. Charity and love are one and inseparable. Where charity finds an abode, love will soon follow. How can we repeat the Savior's divinely given prayer, 'Forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors,' and harbor unforgiving thoughts for those around us. We would not wish to judge unkindly were our own to hi weighed by the same measure, yet the rule is applicable. Many miracles have been performed, and martyrs bravely met death., by the strong power of faith. By hope, others have borne privations and afflictions, to the laying down of their lives, cheerfully. But we are told, that great r than faith and hope, is charity, for by it we may suffer and forgive. Let us then, diligently search for this priceless jewelcharity, remembering that without it we are nothing, and our faith, void ; but with it we are everything well armored to fight for the Lord. West Pittsjield, Mass.