NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. June. Thermometer. Bain. 1894. 68.9 1.4 in. 1895. 10.53 5.5 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 90 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 48 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 10 ' ' clear ' ' ' 12 ' ' cloudy '? ' ' 8 C. G. Reed. July, 1892. 'While the earth remaineth seed-time and harvest, cold and heat, summer and winter, day and night shall not cease.' This promise given so long ago, still remains fulfilled in the beautiful variety of our temperate zone, for which we are ever grateful. The strawberry season with its abundant and delicious harvest has passed too quickly; but the heavily laden currant bushes, the dlasters of ripening raspberries and well grown blackberries and dew-beiries, show the regular progression of summer. Cherries are plentiful and of such a variety that the season lasts about six weeks. It is said 'He who plants a tree plants a hope.' This being so we can readily see the hopes which have actuated the inmates of our home to provide so bountifully for their posterity; these hopes never wane, for we were delighted in walking about in the fruit orchards to find no vacant places. Noticing in particular so many young and thrifty peach trees, we learned that Br. James Glass had set out one hundred and twenty from pits planted last Autumn. Our district school closed the 21st of June, and showed a record of thirty-two weeks divided into three terms, during the school year. This with our opportunities for an industrial education gives us who are young, advantages for which we are deeply grateful. On the 20th of June a company of twenty,including horses and carriagesenjoyed a pleasant day at Lake Queechy. Selecting one of the longest days with 'not a ripple on the wave nor a cloud in the sky' it was a full day of pleasure. Previous to starting we prepared the ingredients for our ice cream and on arriving at the lake we found that the motion of the carriage during a three mile's drive was just sufficient to produce our coveted delicacy without further trouble. Taking a pleasant ride with an ice-cream freezer is quite an inprovement on the usual turning of the crank. We are much pleased with the addition to our family of Sister Sarah Neale from Watervliet, N. Y., who is appreciated foilier own intrinsic worth; she is also interested to fill the vacancies left by our Florida pioneers. Daisy Wells. North Family. July, 1895. Not at all from a lack of interest in our monthly, were our Home Notes for its 186 THE MANIFESTO. last issue withheld; but with regret we found that we were too late. At this writing we are in the fullness of cherry harvest. Brethren and boys are busy gathering the fruit, while Sisters are preparing the same for the Pittsfield market and for home. The rains are proving beneficial to fruit and vegetables and with a combination of sunshine, fnithful, untiring toil with hoe and cultivator, the husbandman may look forward to bountiful crops. A few weeks ago we were more than pleased to meet beloved Eldresses, Joanna Kaime and Eliza Stratton, from Canterbury, N. H. We have also held short, but sweet converse with other clear Sisters from ISTew Hampshire. On the 21st ult. a company of Sisters left home to enjoy the hospitality of gospel kindred at Enfield and Canterbury, N. H. They returned on the 5th inst. greatly benefited, and laden with mess ages of enduring love and friendship, that they bore from souls who are rich in spiritual growth and life, to which our hearts earnestly responded. On the 26th ult. another company of four Sisters left us for a short but profitable stay with friends at Watervliet, N. Y. From them we learn that there is a growing interest among young people at that place, in the maintenance of gospel life and principles. Public services have been open for several weeks. Although there seems to be a spiritual dearth, inside as well as outside of our Order, yet we feel assured tha^ the spirit is working among us to awaken and redeem; there is a silent, but powerful concentration of forces, a baptism that will soon come down upon us and prepare us for the great work of the coming time. We must live in the spirit if we would be fruitful in righteousness, and keep our hearts ever open to receive that divine inspiration, which always comes to those who are aspiring for higher and better conditions of life. We have bright hopes for the future, and are working patiently and fearlessly in the cause of virgin purity, not for the few, but for the many whom the spirit will in due time prepare for the great work of salvation which is, indeed, the hope of the race. Julia M. Lincoln. Shakers, N. Y. North Family. July, 1895. There is no division of labor that seems to give the pleasure and satisfaction of being able to enjoy its productions fresh as they are gathered, like that of the agriculturist and horticulturist, although at present the economic conditions of human society are making him bear proportionately more than a just share of the burdens of life; However we are 'looking up through the clouds to the sunlight of heaven, and will continue thus, believing that out of the confused and trying conditions of the present will come a time that will permanently gladden the spirits of those who are honestly laboring to evolve better conditions. As we write we hear the booming of cannon from the different towns around us in their celebration of the glorious Fourth, giving thanks for the great liberty they are enjoying. (?) At present we are having fresh vegetables from the garden. It makes us forget the labor necessary for their production, when we witness the pleasure of those who share these benefits, and as the natural is but the material reflection of the spiritual and eternal; so when that labor and anxiety needed to develop the fruits of the spirit has passed into the realm of f orgetfulness, nothing but the joy and satisfaction in their possession will remain. By legislative enactment our town has been divided and the old and historic name of Watervliet has been changed to Colonie. During the last week of June we enjoyed a visit from Sisters Catherine Allen, Agnes Lee, Sarah F. Bodine, May Rulhausen of the North family, Mt. Lebanon. They brought with them that precious treasure appreciated by every one who is THE MANIFESTO. 187 seeking the higher life; garnering the fruits of the spirit through obedience to the teachings of the divine life. On the 11th inst. Sisters Isabell White and Louie Bussell from our North family at this place left home for a visit to Mt. Lebanon. We feel like exclaiming, 'O how swiftly time is passing!' and may it be improved to our spiritual benefit! It seems but yesterday when the gladsome sound of 'Happy New Year'' was ringing far and near, and we have already passed the meridian of the year. We hope it has brought pure enjoyment and solid comfort to every faithful Zion traveler and may the protecting care of the Divine Fatherhood and Motherhood rest upon all faithful ones who are laboring to uplift humanity from those conditions that deprave, into the presence and light of the truth, is the humble prayer of your brother in the cause. Hamilton DeGraw. Harvard, Mass. July, 1895. When the mind is filled with good and pure thoughts, and the hands with pleasant work, time flies so unconsciously that we do not realize its flight till it is past. We live in a busy world, but whether good or bad depends on how we make it. Good lives show that we have found the happy side of this world, and speak the loudest in favor of a Christian life. We have been abundantly blessed with rain, and now if kind Nature will give us two or three weeks of sunshine we shall be doubly grateful. We had a good fulfillment of the promised seed-time; have had green peas, and other vegetables since the 20th of June. The drought injured our potatoes so they are unusually late this season. Now harvest time is at hand; our hay crop is better than we anticipated, though not equal to that of last year. We have not as large a crop of herbs as usual owing to the failure of the seed to germinate. We are raising no fruit at present. We ever strive to keep our hearts attuned with gratitude and prajer, and in obedience to tl;e commands of the apostle John, be like little children in loving one another. March, M. Hal lard. Enfield, N. H. July, 1895. We can but echo the sentiments expressed in Sister Catherine Allen's ottering to the June No. of The Manifesto. Surely, all the years we have given to a life of self-denial must have had a tendency to enrich our minds with a goodly development of solidity and intelligence of a Christ-like type, and it is our duty to utilize these powers for the best good of humanity. It would seem to be a senseless assertion to declare that certain cherished ideas were absolute and unchangeable, for nothing is so except truth, substantiated by personal experience and the evolutions oi' nature. Turning the reflector of memory backward, we see that by the removal of old conventionalities and useless ceremonies, there has been wrought out larger human qualities that enrich and brighten Christian life. In every progressive movement are experiences both bitter and sweet, teaching lessons of truth which blossom into deeds of righteousness inasmuch as the aim is to benefit mankind. We are pleased to add to the record of our Society history, the pleasant visit we have enjoyed with Sisters Maria Blow, Jane Cutler, Cecelia DeVere, and Lydia Staples, also Brother Ezra Stewart, representatives from the North family of Mt. Lebanon. Such events give a flood of thought that bring friends near, and convince us that the company of the pure in heart constitute the joys of Heaven. We would that there were more of such pages of remembrance. 188 THE MANIFESTO. Harvesting of hay in full operation, and proves to be of excellent quality. Elder William Wilson who is interested in bee culture, has been successful in enlarging his colony from three to nine hives. We hope they may increase an hundred fold as we regard honey profitable as food and merchandise. With renewed love for all, we hope an impetus will stir Zion to new movements to spread her God-revealed truths, while those who have taken hold of the plough of progression, press nobly on not looking back to view the stones of impediment unearthed in their onward march for justice and truth. George H. Baxter.