THE SEPARATING LINE. By Alonzo G. Hollister. THE pure in heart shall see God. No others have this promise. If any can not see God and know that He is, it is because their hearts are impure, or are devoted to secular affairs. Without holiness, no man shall see the Lord. Holy means cleansed, conseciated, or set apart for Divine service. The saints and holy ones, both mean the same. These form the kingdom of the God of heaven, which is destined to consume and break in pieces all the kingdoms of this world; and become a great mountain and fill the whole earth: for out of Zion shall go forth the law, and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem. And the kingdom and greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven, shall be given to the people of the saints of the Most High and they shall take and possess the kingdom forever. The Lord, bread-giver and Ruler of this kingdom, is Jesus Christ, who is King of Kings, and Lord of Lords. He said 'For their sake,' meaning his disciples, 'I sanctify myself.' To sanctify, is to cleanse and make holy. He that sanctifieth and they that are sanctified are all one. 'Ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you' said Jesus, to his disciples. It was his testimony against the evils of the natural heart. From within, out of the heart of man, proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, fornications, murders, thefts, covetousness, wickedness, deceit, blasphemy, pride, foolishness, false witness. Christ has a word of testimony against all these things, which are part and parcel with the corrupt nature of the flesh ;Matt, xv., 18, also Mark, vii., 21. We can be cleansed from these things only by the word of our testimony, given in the power of God, and by the daily cross against the loves, desires and emotions of the flesh. Mother's gospel teaches us to hate these and put them behind us. The AUGUST, 172 THE MANIFESTO. works of the flesh, are among the most deadening, and soul darkening, that creatures can commit. It is the root of all other sins, and is the nourislu r and support of all. Its affects are the most persistent of an}7, and its stains most difficult to wash out. The shame and dishonor which cultivated people feel, in exposing those deeds to the light, is the mark and seal of Divine displeasure thereat, and of their utter condemnation in the judgment, and perpetual banishment from Divine Presence. Be ye clean, be ye pure that bear the vessels of Jehovah. The line of separation betwixt clean and unclean, is drawn in the heart of all true disciples. He that looketh on a woman to lust after her, hath already committed adultery with her in his heart. And this we say, No adulterer, no unclean person can enter the kingdom of God. The New Jerusalem state is clear as crystal and diaphanous, transmitting light in all directions, and the pure in heart shall see that God and the Lamb is the light thereof. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.