Shaker Station, Ct. June, 1895. The Apostle says, 'Let the peace of God rule in your hearts, and be ye thankful.' True peace within is gained by denying self. Thousands are seeking for peace which they never find, in worldly pleasure. If we follow Christ we shall be partakers of his peace which he gives unto those who walk in his footsteps. The command is to let peace rule in our hearts; therefore we should not despair as though it were unattainable. Peace reigns with the virtuous and true. 'Come ye out from among them and be separate,' applies to those who are true and faithful, with peculiar force. The Manifesto is a messenger of good things in our home, it seems to make life brighter and happier. 'Each one should have a grand ideal, and seek to attain it. We may waste all our life waiting for the opportunity which may never come; but since little things are always claiming our attention, let us do them, from a great motive,human good.' 'The first newspaper advertisement appeared in 1652. More poultry keepers make one dollar of profit on each hen than double that amount. It requires experience to produce great results. Better begin it small; go it slow; not expect much with little. Rather the reverse. Sick or ailing hens may be fed on scalded milk and boiled rice. Daniel Orcntt. South Family. July, 1895. How lovely all nature is at the present time. July is beaming with splendor in every point of view, inviting to an enjoyment that bespeaks the spirit of worship and gratitude that our land is the land of freedom of thought, and of religious liberty. The Fourth is past with its noisy demonstrations. Here at the South family we enjoyed a pleasant picnic on our own grounds; tables beneath tents well filled with good things. About twenty partook of the refreshments, and expressions of mirth and pleasure ruled. The young people passed the time with games, etc., but the rain came a little too soon and we were driven to the house for shelter. Haying has commenced, but the weather has been unfavorable the past few days. Fruit trees are looking well and good crops of peaches and pears are expected. Apples will be better than was feared after the three severe frosts in May. Corn and potatoes are in good growing conditions and look exceedingly well. Tomatoes are of better growth this season than at any previous year. Our thanks shall be given to Him 'from whom all blessings flow,' for the continued bounties that we daily share. We recently enjoyed a delightful visit with some gospel friends from Canaan, and received strength and blessing. Associations of this character are always fraught with good to the recipients. The present is the time to accept the blessing which we need. Maria Witham.