Correspondence. Beloved Elder Henry:--I have been thinking... Shirley, Mass. July, 1895. Beloved Elder Henry :I hav been thinking that it was time you should hav something to say about Shirley. Well, it may be best to say by way of beginning, that the Post Office authorities hav taken the 'Village' off our address, so that it is now plain Shirley, Mass. Then I would say that when you next cum to see us, you will find one of the prettiest new Stations you hav seen in a long while; and when the grounds about it are completed, it wil be a very attractiv spot, toward which, and our lovely home, it would please us much to see many honest, earnest souls drawn by the luv of gospel truth and purity. Next I would say, that I think you might look over a great deal of 'The THE MANIFESTO. 203 World's' literature and not find anything better to read than }tou wil find on the clipping enclosed calld'Seed Thoughts,' which I would be glad to see in The Manifesto. The writer had the privilege of calling at Alfred, Me. recently, while on a business trip, and was much pleased with the fresh look of their newly painted buildings, but much more with the smiling, cheerful looking faces met, and with the great abundance of beutiful work the owners of those cheery faces had wrought. Then the thought of how many other faces would smile to cum into possession of only a sample of them, for the pieces seemed innumerable. Hope the result may be profitabl and cause much more smiling. Now to cum back to Shirley. Our garden crops are looking very fine. The hay crop is better than we feared it might be earlier in the season. We hav had rather a wet time to get it in but hav succeeded fairly wel, and hav finished haying with the exception of the meadows. Rye crop, thin. Barley and oats, good. Fruit, of which we usually hav considerabl, very scarce indeed,but we ar seeking after the fruits of the Spirit, and with hope and trust in the goodness of our Heavenly Father and Mother,G-od, we expect to take sum comfort as we journey along. I close with kindly greetings to all the readers of our Monthly and more especially those who ar striving to live the truths it teaches. Yours very truly, John Whiteley.