ELDER JOHN LYON. First Paper. A few incidents in the early life of Elder John Lyon, confind particularly to his entrance into, and progress in the work of 'Christ's Second Appearing1'' and to the various communications of divine light, thru supernatural agency, beginning at early childhood. I WAS born October, 1780, in the town of Shrewsbury, County of Worcester and State of Mass. My parents receivd faith in the testimony of Christ's Second Appearing, and in March, 1785, they embraced the gospel of self-denial, having a family of four children, two boys and two girls. I was the second child and about four years and five months old. Nothing very remarkabl took place at this time, only that as I had been educated thus far in childish vanity, when this change came I felt it severely. As soon as my parents renounct the principls of the world they began to teach me the simpl manners and language of Believers. Altho I was so young, yet when I was required to lay aside my sirs and misters, and uze the simpl yea and nay, it became very difficult to express it. I must now refer to an experience I had about six months before my parents determind to obey their faith. In the latter part of the summer of 1784, a man by the name of Jonathan Wood calld at my father's house, whom I afterward learnd was a Believer, or what sum peple calld, a Shaker, tho at that time there was no special difference of dress or of any outward appearance from peple generally to attract my attention. Br. Jonathan asked my mother for a drink of water; to obtain this she went to the spring, and while she was gone an unaccountabl impression filld my mind. Such luv and affection toward the man came upon me as I never felt for any person, my parents not excepted. THE MANIFESTO. 199 My mother soon returnd with the water and Jonathan seemed much refresht. Conversation ensued in which my mother became uncommonly anxious and earnest, and a warm argument followd. I saw that it was with ease that the man would confound her in every objection which she brought forward, altho she had an extensiv resource to the Scriptures, for support on her side. He made use of her weapons as wel as of other Scriptures to corroborate the truth of his statement and to cast all her objections into the shade. This pleased my childish mind to see her so easily defeated, altho she was my own dear Mother. From early date to the present time I hav rememberd, not only the Scripture texts which they uzed in their arguments, but hav retaind the feeling which was at that time imprest upon me. It has remaind with me even thru all my hours of temptation and trial. When anything has been brought forward either in my own mind or from any other source, against the testimony of Believers, I always accepted it as my privilege to defend it. Since I came to years of understanding it has been my impression, that at that time sum good work was wrought in me by the Spirit, tho I was too young to know much about religion. From 1785 to 1795 there was no circumstance worthy of note. I often felt peculiar spiritual impz'essions, of which I could hav but very litl understanding, and I also took great satisfaction in listening to the testimonies and meditating on the words, even if I did not fully understand them. In June, 1795, being then in the fifteenth year of my age, I experienced a remarkabl spirit manifestation which, I consider, was on account of the situation I was in, and the state of my rnind at that time. It was soon after sum families had joined the faith, and before order had been establisht, and but litl protection offerd for the young. Some were drawing back to perdition or returning to their former standing in the world. I was now brought under very severe temptation, and shown the glowing pleasures of the world in their many beautiful shapes, which I as often repudiated, tho not without meditating upon and arguing the points presented. It is one of these scenes of temptation which I am about to relate. (To be continued.)