MYSTERIOUS PROVIDENCE. THERE ar many peple who consider it a mysterious dispensation of Providence that a person is taken out of the world. It makes no difference whether tins takes place in infancy, at adult age, or in the decline of life. In whatever form denth may be brought about, it is entered on the list as specially directed by some overruling influence. On the other hand, another class ar equally as sanguine in thinking that it is a mysterious Providence that keeps the peple in this world, while they ar so persistent in running the 'broad way' and doing all they can to encourage the neglect of all law that has reference to the preservation of life. Saints and sinners ar equally determined in holding their places on the sick list, altho it is said that sickness and sin move along, generally, hand in hand, even the saints ar liable to become more or less contaminated. Was Moses correct in writing God's word, or was it one of his mistakes that is recorded in Exodus xv., 26. 'If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the Lord thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt giv ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I wil put none of these diseases upon thee, which I hav brought upon the Egyptians, for I am the Lord that healeth thee.' Either that special verse in Exodus is sadly in error or the many existing nations, the Jews included, hav departed disastrously from the Mosaic Law. If the keeping of the Law would take away all diseases, when Moses made the proclamation, the keeping of the Law wil do equally as much to-day. Reformers ar often found running on special lines, and while one class demand a reform in one or more things, they shock the nerves of another class of reformers by their careless neglect of duties which may be of paramount importance. The temperance man denounces the drinking of all alcoholic beverages as a sin against both God and man, and yet he at the same time is indulging freely in the intoxicating and filthy habit of chewing and smoking sum poisonous tobacco. Such reformers while poisoning the atmosphere with noxious fumes and forcing others to breathe it, should think, at least, twice before they ask in prayer for God's Kingdom to cum upon the earth. In this unreasonablness of man with man he incorporates all the bad practices into his life and then justifies them by his religion. Should any of these prove THE MANIFESTO. 207 ruinous or destroy either soul or body, then it is placed, at once, among the ways of a mysterious Providence. Even the time honored but much neglected Mosaic Law which the Christian says is the word of God, would make a decided improvement in the lives of peple generally, if it was faithfully regarded. No farmer would manage the raising of his stock on anything short of the best knowledge that could be obtaind, nor would he attribute sickness or death to a mysterious dispensation of Providence, when he knew the ruin could be traced to the neglect of those in charge of the stock. It seems quite certain that the nations hav all gone astray and run after not only the rum and tobacco, with a zeal that would hav been commendabl in a better cause, but after nearly everything that would destroy helth and even life. So simple an affair as eating and drinking is placed before us for consideration, and there is, no doubt, but that the class who eat with little or no thought of the articls of food or of its proper mastication may bring on a train of ills that the liver and stomach hav not the power to resist. Dr. Alcott in his excellent work on the *'Laws of Health,' says; 'One of the worst domestic poisons with which I am acquainted is saleratus. All alkalies ar poisonous in greater or less degree. Some may dout whether saleratus is as poisonous as medical men represent it to be, but they need not. Dr. Ives says,'It is a narcotic, and what is a narcotic but poison?' ' But the enemy to helth lurks in many a by way, and, the improper care of exercise, and no less of ventilation may hav as much to do with the disease of the body, as does the food we eat. A large class, however, may march along with their flags flying, as they think of their many victories over these old enemies, while on a closer inspection they may find themselvs the slaves of more modern poisons, as they cum in the insidious form of morphine or chloral. The British Medical Journal says, that ninety nine in one hundred of these sleeping doses ar worse than useless, even for any purpose of relief worthy of that name. But while the good old doctor Alcott has gone on to the 'Better Land,' and has escaped the more subtle foe that has surreptitiously enterd the household, he has informd us that for no less than forty years he wanderd 'in the wilderness of pills and powders,'' and that his salvation from this dark abode, must hav been from the influx of light, or as sum would term it, a wonderful, mysterious Providence. 208 THE MANIFESTO. At the present time, 'Helth finds a new menace in the rapid increase and in the use of pjwerful drugs, especially, salicylic and boracic acids in the preservation of food. It is used in cider, fruits, vegetables and preserves.' Dr. Alcott after enumerating several articles that ar unsuitabl to enter the stomach, remarks that 'soda is not much better than saleratus, and whether neutralized or unneutralized should be avoided.' As the helth of the body is considered to be one of the greatest blessings that has been vouchsafed to man, too much care can not be exercised in selecting that food which is most condusiv to helth and consequently to happiness. All animals and the human included, arvery tenacious of life, and it is surprising what excesses and what reckless deviations may be made and yet life is not destroyd. As more thought is given to this subject and the laws of helth ar more carefully studied, new revelations wil be brought into the light, and that knowledge obtaind which wil assure each one that his life is in his own hands, and that the works of a mysterious Providence are equally in all the wonderful, creative acts that we see abuv and around us. Let us remember the Creator and so live that God may remove from us all disease, agreeably to the promise. H. C. Blinn.