SCENES AND MEMORIES. By Oliver C. Hampton. ON the first day of January of the year 1805 John Meacham, Benjamin S. Youngs and Issachar Bates set out on a journey to Kentucky and Ohio. They were members of the Shaker Church at New Lebanon, N. Y. Their object and mission was to visit the subjects of a very remarkabl revival of religion then prevalent in Kentucky and several adjacent states. This revival had continued without abatement for about four years, and perhaps the history of the world is unabl to produce a more wonderful spiritual awakening. The Brethren came out to ascertain whether these revivalists were ready to embrace the faith and doctrine of the Shakers. As the revival had spent much of its former force and many had already fallen back into the dreary formalities of religion; with little divine power, and none at all in comparison to what they had so lately experienced, they were to a great extent disappointed. A large number of them, among whom were several able divines, had already separated themselvs from, and severed their connection with, the Presbyterian church and had banded themselvs together in what they calld a New-Light movement; a kind of 'Go as you please' or as the spirit dictated policy and plan, without any visibl leadership. They were stil unsatisfied and many of them embraced the faith, doctrines and discipline promulgated by the Shaker missionaries. 198 THE MANIFESTO. A nucleus of these formd themselvs into a kind of spiritual fraternity at Union Village, without any systematic arrangement or regular Church organization, but under the direction and spiritual care of those Shaker missionaries. This condition lasted some years, the members of this embryotic Church living in their own private families as many as were married, and receiving many young and unmarried persons who, though not related, had embraced the faith. Malcolm Worley, Matthew Houston, John Dunlavy, Richard McNemar, David Spinning, Stephen Spinning, Jacob Holloway, Amos Valentine, and James Smith with th.4r wives, and a vast number more of the revivalists and others embraced the doctrine and faith of the Shakers, so that in a few years the Church at Union Village numb 3rd between six and seven hundred members. Union Village, O.