Books and Papers. The American Institute of Phrenology The American Institute of Phrenology. The annual session of this school of Phrenology will begin on Tuesday, Sept. 3, 1895, and will continue for eight weeks. Those who n.ay 'wish to attend, should write at once for particulars to the Publishers of the 'Phrenological Journal,' 27 East 21st St. New York. The Sunday School Times The Sunday School Times of August 3 con tains a highly readable article by Dr. Charles S. Robinson on the much discussed and little understood question what constitutes 'Singableness in Music.' Dr. Robinson is the compiler of some of the best books of sacred song that have ever been published, and in this article be draws not only on his theoretical knowledge as a hymnologist and musician, but on his practical experience as a maker of music-books. Ladies' Home Journal. CONTACT WITH A PARENTAL HEART. Obedience ia Worth More Titan CJeog-rapliy to a Child. This lesson of law and obedience, then, is one that needs to combine with love in the very first instruction given to the child. When a boy hears his father say, 'My son do this,' the impression made upon him needs to be like that made upon the old Hebrews by a 'Thus saith the Lord.' His father is the only almighty, practically, that the boy has during the first years of his life. Obedience is worth more than geography.Rev. Charles H. Parkhurst, D. D., in August Ladies' Home Journal. Cosmopolitan Not since 'The Anglomaniacs' has there been so clever a society satire as Henry Fuller's 'Pilgrim Sons,' which is published in the A ugust Cosmopolitan. The problems involved in 'woman's use of the bicycle are so startling and so numerous, under the rapid evolution of this art, that one welcomes a careful discussion of the subject by so trained a mind and so clever a writer as Mrs. Reginald de Ko ven. The Cosmopolitan illustrates Mrs. de Koven's article with a series of poses by professional models. A new sport, more thrilling than any known to Nimrod, more dangerous than was ever experienced by even a Buffalo Bill, is exploited in the same issue in an article on 'Photographing Big Game in the Rocky Mountains,' before shooting. The idea that ten cents for The Cosmopolitan means inferiority from a literary point of view is dispelled by the appearance in this number of such writers as Sir Lewis Morris, Sir Edwin Arnold, Edgar Fawcett, Tabb, W. Clark Russell, Lang, Sarcey, Zangwill, Agnes Repplier, etc. Nor can we entertain the idea of inferiority in illusti-ation with such names as Hamilton Gibson, Denman, Van Sohaick, Lix, Sandham, etc., figuring as the chief artists of a single month's issue.