VIRTUE, OUR STRONGHOLD. By Martha J. Anderson. BRAVE conquerors, for so you are who war against your own affections, and the huge army of the world's desires.'Shakespeare. Is there conquest more glorious, or hope more exulting than that which springs from consciousness of having triumphed over the weaknesses, infirmities and affections of the merely animal man and woman? Human nature in the ascendency still pleads for inferior enjoyment, and keeps the soul under the bondage of sense on the plane of selfishness and illusion; the inspiration to climb is thwarted by the impulse that draws back to gross elements ; and humanity vainly lift their hands in mute appeal for help, as they struggle to be free from the ancestral slough and slime of animalism. In the progress of material things we seem to have reached the pinnacle of greatness; in intellectual development, art, science and literature, there has been wonderful achievements. These may glorify a nation in the eyes of the world, as they did Greece and Rome, but what of their prestige? They fell a prey to the corruption of vice, which insidiously wormed its way through their high state of civilization, until it fell like a building in decay. When the moral sense slumbers, and mankind turn their greatest gifts to minister to selfish enjoyment, and their highest ideals are subverted to sensualism, then retrogression takes the place of progression, and the people perish for lack of wisdom and moral stamina. He who lives to serve the body, fails to derive the pleasure he seeks. Hedonism is extolled in our time as it was in the days of Aristippus for, like the pleasure-loving Greeks, modern society, represented by an affluent aristocracy and plutocracy, welcomes all that panders to gross self-interest, nor cares to be schooled in virtue and heroic self-denial. Inordinate desire for that which stirs and stimulates the emotional centers of the being, yields SEMPTEMBER, 196 THE MANIFESTO. as a final harvest of seed-sowing to the carnal life, the fruit of sin, which is death to the spiritual nature. 'For she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth.' The whole tendency of our present high style of living is rapid development in passional desire. The constraint of conventionalism is not the restraint of absolute virtue; and it often occurs that the greatest moral lepers are the lionized leaders in social circles, because of claims to wealth, learning or high ancestral lineage. Behold how many wrecks of human lives, of blasted hopes, and sudden changes of fortune ; and what a mockery of human happiness is presented in the sexual and marital relations of life! The helots of Sparta were not under greater servitude physically, than is man spiritually when under the bondage of the flesh, whose insinuations disarm reason and transform love to lust; in its perversion many sink themselves below the brute creation. The results of unrestricted sensualism are visible among all classes of society; 'the sins of the fathers (and the errors of the mothers) are visited upon their children even unto the third and fourth geneiation.' Erotic impulses are stamped upon the offspring of those who obey not the law of God written in their being; and how often parents fondly imagine that their children are innocent, when they are indulging in secret ruinous vices, destroying physical health and mental vigor. There is wisdom in well-timed advice and watchful care on the part of those assuming the responsibilities of parentage. Who are filling to such an alarming extent our prisons, insane, idiotic and cataleptic asylums? mainly those in whose veins flows the virus of inherited or acquired pollution, which takes away the power of will and moral resistance. The pabulum and essence of life's accretive forces may be heaven directed for the strengthening of every virtue, or hell inflamed for the production of every vice. All sin and error have their beginnings in that mysterious tree of life whose branches ramify through all our nature, and whose sap flows through every fibre of our being ; and while man is governed by the impulses that minister to his lower nature, he poisons the streams of existence and brings untold misery on future generations. Many wrongs and discords in families, societies and nations are directly traceable to the influence of the untamed passions of human nature, resulting in brute force'Whence come wars and fightings among you? come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members ?' 'First pure, then peaceable,' is the law of the spiritual life; hence there can be no harmonious action among human beings, associated either for the administration of civil law and justice, for social benefit or for mutual helpfulness, unless morality is the basis of their operations; for self-ism is the root of the deadly upas tree that yields the baneful fruits of disintegration and disorganization. THE MANIFESTO. 197 'Neither the natural, the animal, nor the human can give hope to man; but when with weary and blood-stained feet he climbs up to the Divine, he begins to learn the story of life and the secret of power.' While humanity relegate love to the sensuous passion we shall have no higher estimate of its expression than that which flows through animal desire, physical magnetism, sex atti action and the manifestations of endearment and affection that essentially pertain to the expression of natural impulse ; but are often repulsive and disgusting to those who feel and realize that thought exchange and divine soul touch, need no gushing or external demonstration of attachment or appreciation of relationship. We communicate what we possess, and carry with us the aura of our spiritual conditions and states, to bless or to blight those who come in our atmosphere. Living to express the highest and best that we are capable of attaining unto, brings the greatest degree of unalloyed pleasure. Love that is the result of the harmonious blending of mental and spiritual endowments, is expressed in ethical culture and co-operative labor on the high plane of universal interest and devotion, not alone to the offspring of earthly desire, but to all mankind. 'All souls are mine saith the Lord.' And the more God-like we become the broader will be the sphere of our affections, and the more extended the exercise of our capabilities in doing good. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.