JUDGING By Alonzo G. Hollister. T is written 'Judge not, that ye be not judged,' which is equivalent to saying 'Condemn not another's sincerity, that your own may not be condemned.' This text is often quoted, as though it were intended to absolutely forbid any one judging another. Of course this would forbid all comparisons, and annul all impressions of right and wrong as applied to the conduct of another. It would forbid all estimates of character, nor allow us to distinguish between sound and unsound principls, wholesum and unwholesum associates, good and bad exampls. The clause immediately following, limits the expression and shows that such was not the meaning intended. 'For with what judgment ye judge, ye shal be judged, and with what measure ye mete, it shal be measured to you.' In what judgment ye judge, he says, indicating different manners of judgment. On another occasion, Jesus said, Judge not according to appearance, but judge righteous judgment. Again, 'You judge according to the flesh.' Here ar two manners recognized, one righteous, the other according to appearance, or according to the flesh. Mother Ann when reproving the latter, said 'Creatures see and judge, according to the spirit they ar of.' A righteous judgment, must necessarily be true, and do gord, marking a clear separation between good and evil. 'Why, even of yourselvs, judge ye not what is right ?' A judgment according to appearance, or according to the flesh, as between two parties, one or both being jealous of the other, without clearly comprehending the motiv, situation, or facts, is liabl to be false, unkind and unjust, and even malicious, and adds to evils already existing. It is frequent- THE MANIFESTO. 205 ly the offspring of hatred or revenge, and exerts a mischievous and malign influence, as abundantly demonstrated in political feuds. Krino, to judge, is defined in the lexicons, 'To winnow, sift, to separate, distinguish, award, rule, divide, determine, decide, sentence, condemn, accuse, blame.' The gospel of the world harvest, is the gospel of judgment, to separate creatures from their sins. Its subjects sit upon thrones, judging themselvs and the world in themselvs first. 'And judgment was given them,' not taken away from them, and they reigned with Christ. ' 'Ye shal sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.' 'Know ye not the saints shal judge the world?' Know ye not that we shal judge messengers? How can we know truth from falsehood, wolves from sheep, if we may not judge? But to keep the spirit of the precept, we must judge kindly and righteously, according to the truth, without partiality, and without envy or prejudice. Seeing as God sees, who condemns the sin and saves the creature that wishes to be separated from sinjudging in the spirit and judgment which we wish to hav exercised toward us. If we ar not wiling to be known and judged in a righteous judgment, before a purified human tribunal, it bespeaks a heart unwilling to be separated from its idols. Such must find a change of heart, or be alienated from the righteous who ar traveling in a precisely opposite direction, by casting out the evil and becoming purified. Milk is for babes, solid food for the perfect, those having perceptions habitually exercised for a discrimination of both good and evil. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.