NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. July. Thermometer. Raw. 1894. 72 13 1.4 in. 1895. 67.32 4.75 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 90 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 44 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 9 ' ' clear ' ' ' 8 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 14 C. G. need. Aug. 1895. We fear we are late for even our little say for this month; but the days whirl by so rapidly, that our would be correspondent, pressed with orders for work did not realize that 'time's up,' until the usual day for sending was past. In early life we were often counseled to 'Take Time by the forelock,' but in these days of swift travel if we can catch a glimpss of his queue as he vanishes from sight we are fortunate. The one thing worthy of notewhich perhaps others have mentionedis the severest hailstorm of July 13, known in this locality for sixty years. The ground looked more like April than July, and in some places the hailstones were drifted several inches deep, and did not melt until the next day, the thermometer falling from 08 deg to 48 deg. in twenty minutes. Still in comparison to other sections of the country the storm was tempered to us. Leaves which presented a large surface such as beans, squash, corn and melons, also the ripening blackberries and raspberries suffered the most, but had the hailstones been large as well as numerous, there would have been no harvest of anything grown or growing. So in this as in every misfortune there might have been a worse, and we will bless the 'powers that be,' and count the blessings that are ours, instead of cumbering ourselves with discontent over those which we imagine are denied us. Amelia J. Calver. Center Family. Aug. 1895. We have nothing unusual to report at this time; the crops already gathered are very good, especially cherries, which yielded a large crop, but owing to unfavorable weather, rotted on the trees badly consequently we did not realize so much as last year on them, pears are very abundant the trees being loaded. The weather is warm and dry although we have had many showers during the summer. The spiritual atmosphere seems quite as dry as the physical; scarcely any inquiry as to our faith or principles. People are more interested in our contemplated move to Florida than in anything we have done or said in years gone by. Our Pittsfield friends do not like the idea of our leaving these spendid homes here on the hill-side for such a warm climate as Florida. Well we are not gone yet and no one can tell when the trumpet may sound for TERMS. 2H 212 THE MANIFESTO. us to do as did the children of Israel, pull up stakes and move on, Are we ready? If the hand of the Lord be in the movement then it seems wisdom to go wherever His spirit may lead; there alone is safety and protection. Can we sing with the immortal P. P. Bliss, I know not what awits me, Uo;l kindly veils my eyes, Anil o'er each step of my onward way He makes new scenes to rise; And every joy He sends me comes A sweet and glad surprise, Where'er he leads I'll follow, My trust in Him repose, . And every hour in perfect peace I'll sing, He knows, He knows. Timothy Ray son. South. Family. Aug. 1895. 'They that trust in the Lord shall be aw Mt. Zion, which can not be removed but abideth forever. As the mountains are round about Jerusalem, so the Lord is round about his people from henceforth even forever.'-Psalms cxxv., 1, 2. Great and many have been the blessings of the present year. Our fruit and vegetable gardens are yielding beyond our anticipation. The mountains have furnished a liberal growth of blueberries which we delighted to harvest, and sunny days found us securing the luscious fruit which is ever healthful and refreshing. Fruit trees of the peach, plum, pear and cherry varieties were planted during the past season and old ones shorn of their unprofitable members causing a rejuvenating element to dwell in the midst of our beautiful home. The month of June was made especially beneficial by the visitation of Sisters from Canterbury and Enfield N. H., and on the 18th of July a renewal of the same by the coming of Sisters Isabella White and Louie Bussell from the Groveland fa mily at Watervliet. We are much in favor of the new method for manufacturing ice-cream and when convenient shall adopt the Daisy system, which will be superior to the old plan of employing a crank to perform the work. Genevieve DeGraw. West Pittsfield, Mass. East Family. Aug. 1895. Beloved Elder Hkney;Will you plense give a few Home Notes from the East Family a little corner in The Manifesto? We that are young, are thinking we would like to see how they will look. We sincerely hope our long silence will not give the impression that we have no home, for indeed, we have a beautiful home, or at least it is so to us. It affords many temporal blessings for which we render grateful thanks to the Giver. Then the opportunity it gives to live a pure and unselfish life is appreciated above all things else. We wonder if among the New Hampshire hills and mountains there are as many atmospheric changes as there are here, among the Berkshire hills? We frequently get a sniff from the four seasons in one week; but in spite of the cold waves, frosty air and scorching heat, the prospect for good crops of all kinds is very encouraging. Our garden enclosing over twenty different kinds of vegetables, never looked better. The hay crop, quite as good as usual, apples and pears good; peaches and plums few and far enough apart not to waste by coming in contact with each other. Our mother Hannah A. Agnew, is spending a short season with us, imparting that courage and strength which only the true and faithful mothers can give the children. Such examples should inspire the young to greater efforts to live a high and noble life, doing good to all, whereeverand whenever an opportunity is given. Celia A. Thorpe. Shakers, N. Y. North Family. Aug. 4, 1895. In reviewing the August Manifesto, and noting the excellency of its contents, knowing that the Brethren and Sisters who contribute to its support give of their THE MANIFESTO. 213 best thoughts, we were reminded of the lines of one of our old hymns, I have thought; the greatest treasure That the universe can sing. There is no material treasure Which can such possessions bring. We may be deprived of the pleasures of the physical senses, but to the being who has advanced in the scale of civilization beyond the boundaries of the barbaric or even the savage stage there is no physical happiness equal to the enjoyment of pure thought. When we read Br. Alonzo's article we exclaimed,Let the gospel fire be renewed in our souls, and let the testimony oi' truth roll through the earth. Only the errors of life feel the keenness of truth's incisive steel. We notice Prof. Edg;\r C. Beali has given us, in the Phrenological Journal for August, a very interesting account o: Swami Vivekananda, a young Hindoo monk who was a delegate to the 'World's Parliament of Religions,' and who is now traveling in this country, as a religious teacher. One of the most favorable signs of the times is that the demon of religious intolerance and bigotry is retiring into the shades of night, whence it emerged in the past, causing so much suffering to the advocates of advanced thought. The unfolding of the truths of the Divine life is not confined to sects or parties; and the different manifestations of it all move harmoniously together. This young Hindoo monk is teaching celibacy, and maintains that for attaining to the highest unfoldment of the spiritual life the perfect and complete renunciation of the emotions and passions of the lower life is imperative. To all such the hand of fellowship is extended of whatever race, color or creed. The weather for July has averaged cool; some times more resembling October than midsummer, but with plenty of rain for the crops, we have no cause to complain, and on the whole the season, up to date, August 4th has been favorable. Hamilton DeGraw. Shaker Station, Ct. Aug. 1895. Jesus said, 'In the world ye shall find tribulation, but in me ye shall find peace.' There is no shield from sin and trouble in a worldly life. Thousands are seeking for happiness and peace in sinful pleasure, but they find it not, that aching void is still in the heart. Sin promises joy, but pays sorrow. Denying self brings a peace which passeth understanding and joy never ending. The path of virtue is the way in which we should walk. Let us exemplify in daily life that which is true and virtuous. Have a noble aim in view, and strive to live up to it. Work in harmony with others and do all you can to progress in the right direction physically, morally and spiritually. It is by united effort that all progress hns been made and lasting good accomplished. 'The largest orange tree in the South is a gigantic specimen which grows in Louisiana. It is fifty feet high and fifteen feet in circumference at the base. Its yield has often been ten thousand oranges per season.' 'The largest apple tree in New York state is said to be one standing near the town of Wilson. It was planted in the year 1815, and it is on record that it once yielded thirty-three barrels of apples in a single season.' 'Cans made of paper pulp are being introduced to take the place of tin cans for containing all kinds of preserved products. The occasional cases of poisoning from canned goods is due to the contents becoming tainted through the cans not being air tight.'' Daniel Or cult. Harvard, Mass. July, 1895. Again we renew our bonds of union with all in Christian love. Those who are striving to live the Christ life are one in him wherever located. While the nation celebrated its birth 214 THE MA NIFES TO. with noisy demonstrations we enjoyed the day in quietness. Sister Nellie, Brother Kneeland Codman and G. S. Cheney wTith lady, were with us. After feasting on a good substantial dinner, the room was cleared and at 3 o'clock we were recalled to be entertained by the young people. Very appropriate selections were spoken and sung, represented with good taste and becoming costume, followed by impromptu speaking. Mrs. Codman rendered 'Anastatia', and Mr. Codman gave us 'Spirit Breathings' impromptu. We were then served with ice-cream, cake, watermelon, lemonade, candy and nuts. Our centenarian Br. Ezra Newton was in our midst, and enjoyed all with as much zest as our young people. How beautiful is age, when sits upon the brow the crown of Wisdom. Hay harvest is nearly over. The farmers have had a wet season. By judicious management they have been successful in securing nearly one hundred tons of good hay and none injured by rain, which is a great blessing to us. Marcia M. Dullard. Enfield, N. H. Aug. 1895. As I write our Home Notes amid the delightful scenes and under the genial skies of a New England summer, I feel like lifting my voice in praise to the Giver of nature's gifts, for, 'Beautiful for habitation is Mt. Zion.' As usual, at this season, we are entertaining many visitors, drawn hither no doubt out of curiosity to see a people who though conversant with the world, 'are not of the world.' We are pleased to note that those who visit us are uniformly of the respectable and intelligent class of society. Our fields of ripening grain, and the vegetable gardens proclaim the near approach of autumn. We are not as fortunate as our Florida friends who can raise two crops in one season. With the exception of early peas, we fail to do this in New Hampshire. Our three acres of onions (the larger part raised for seed and now in bloom) call out much comment from city visitors, as does the general cleanliness prevailing in our home. The latter condition may be accounted for, when we consider that we make and use annually from fifteen to eighteen barrels of lye soap. The health of the Society is generally good, which necessary physical force, is a strong aid to make the mind conform to the ennobling principles that create a Christ-like nature; a character not composed of ideas and verbal sounds, but of virtue, sustained by a spirit of self-reliance. Those who obey the dictation of au enlightened conscience, are able by acquired strength, to wade through the waters of tribulation and to help others mount the hights which vibrate with the gospel of truth and are radiant with the purity of the Christ spirit, which overcomes the world. George H. Baxter.