DEMOCRACY. By Catherine Allen. IN what does it consist? A true democracy rests upon the pr.ncipls of absolute, inherent sovereignty of the peple which givs to each citizen the fullest political and religious freedom compatibl with the good order of society and is therefore opposed to any laws or system of government which would favor the growth of an aristocracy or class privileges in any shape. It was evidently the design of the fathers of the Revolution to establish such a government, and had their successors been inspird by the same burning luv of liberty and true self-sacrificing devotion to principl, to-day the peple of the United States would be in much fuller enjoyment of their inalienabl rights, most important among which is that of each person to the undivided product of his labor. The fact that society is so constructed as to make this impossibl at the present time, confronts us on every hand, and is alarmingly apparent in the rapidity with which enormous monopolies ar aggregating the welth of the cuntry, creating an ever widening gulf between the welth producers, who must constantly struggle with poverty, and the consumers, who riot in unearned luxuries, thus bringing about those class distinctions which ar consequent principally to the subjugation of labor to capital, and which ar really more injurious to the interests of democracy than was chattel slavery in the days of its supremacy; because the system of wage slavery in our cuntry now extends itself to every branch of industry, and givs opportunity for much larger proportionate monopoly on the part of the non-producers. It is crippling the energies and stultifying the higher faculties of the most valuabl portion of society, and is utterly destructiv to the enjoyment of those rights and liberties for which the heroes of the Revolution gave their THE MANIFESTO. 201 blood. It is a black cloud which dai'kens our social and political horizon. An impending crisis awaits us, and unless sum degree of justice is speedily insured to the peple, revolution is inevitabl. Under a true democracy neither the millionaire nor the pauper wil exist. As its central idea is a government of, for, and by the peple, the necessary changes to bring this about ar: First:Universal and equal rights of suffrage without regard to sex, race, or creed. /Second:Control of political power by the peple thru direct and secret ballot in all elections and on every subject of importance. Third:Entire separation of civil from ecclesiastical power. Church property not to be exempt from taxation. No sectarian schools or other institutions to be supported by public funds. All laws for 'Christian morality,' as such to be abrogated, and our entire political system to be administerd on a purely secular basis. Fourth:The land of the United States must becum the inheritance of her citizens. Revocations must be made of all existing grants of corporations or individuals in this cuntry or in foreign nations. Fifth:A system of taxation which shal rest exclusively upon the natural welth of the cuntry and its unearnd increment, thus leaving untaxt everything which is the product of human toil. Sixth:The free exchange of equivalent values between persons, states and nations, by the producing persons and organizations. Seventh:The total abolition of usury, and, as present help, a tax upon all large incomes and inheritances. Eighth:A legal tender of sufficient amount to leave uncrippled all the business of the cuntry internal and international. This of necessity must be bi-metalic until a larger proportion of our public educators ar convinct that paper may be made equally reliable as a medium of exchange. Ninth:Education for minors compulsory, and opportunities for the higher branches of learning made equal to all. Industrial education included in all scools from the Kindergarten to the University. Tenth:The possession and management by the government of all large systems of transportation and communication. Local advantages as street cars, water-works and lights should be controlled by municipalities ; never by private corporations. Eleventh:Inventors should be liberally rewarded by the government, and the benefit of new inventions left free for all, as the present system often givs opportunity for large and unjust monopolies, and frequently leaves the real inventors unrequited. Twelfth:The administration of justice and legal advice without charge, equally free to all. To bring about these changes, society must be thoroughly reconstructed. 202 THE MANIFESTO. How? Let the peple learn that the Great Ruler of all, is Father and Mother, and then frame all earthly institutions in conformity to this grand central truth. Then, monopoly and injustice of every guii?e wil be as undesirabl as impossibl, in a peple whose diviner sentiments, awakened by the breezes astir from a higher world, and liberated from the dwarfing, degrading systems of competition wil express themselvs iu the practical recognition of Universal Brotherhood. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.