MANHOOD. By Edwin P. Sevester. ' When I was a child, I spake as a child, I thought as a child, I understood as a child, but when I became a man I put away childish things.'* 1 Cor. xiii., 11. TTTHAT is manhood? Does it merely consist in being of mature age? V V There are youths who are really men, acting manly; and there are men who never seem to grow away from their boyhood. If I understand it rightly, to be true men, we must lay aside all that is childish and the follies of youth, growing into manliness, rising into our higher and nobler nature; more earnestly and soberly developing and expanding all our faculties; fulfilling conscientiously our duty, however irksome these duties may be. Let us combine the innocence, purity and simplicity of youth with the firmness, earnestness, steadfastness of a man, ennobling our character and developing our spiritual nature, knowing we not only live for thisbut also for another, a higher, better, world. Let us be lifted up out of the animal nature, and grow into a true and noble manhood, a man in every sense of the word; a man who can not be ^swayed by every wind that blows, who 204 THE MANIFESTO. stands like a rock, against temptation and adversity. My young friends, cultivate reason, judgment, intelligence and religious sentiments which will ennoble our affections, distinguish us from all other creatures and lead us to become perfect in the fullness of the stature of Christ. If we indulge in passion, restraining not our appetites but gratify our inclinations and evil propensities, we are placing ourselves on a level with the brute creation, that have no reason to govern ihem. Live for a high and noble purpose; strive to reach a broader, a truer manhood. To build a noble manhood, a pure foundation, purity of soul, purity of character is an indispensable requisite. Man is endowed with so many faculties, morally and spiritually, that giving his spiritual nature the control over the lower and animal life, enables him to commune with angels, drawing holy influences around him and receiving Divine inspirations. Shakers, N. Y.