Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. August. Thermometer. Bain. 1894. 66.50 1 in. 1895. 68.36 2.875 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 88 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' ' 40 ' Number of rainy days ' ' 8 ' ' clear ' ' ' 12 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 11 C. G. Reed. North Family. Sept. 1895. Seed-time and harvest bring their respective work each in their season, one equally as important as the other. Abundance of early apples give ample employment for young bauds in picking and sorting for market. Sisters are preparing and canning fruits and vegetables for winter use, beside working on shirts. The higl: tasseled corn, much better than that of last year, is being harvested for ensilage; it requires a steady, watchful eye to feed the machine that no accidents occur. For the present we are blessed with plenty to do, but as a writer remarked, 'Work is the birthright of the human race. It is not a curse but a benediction. It is not a mark of degradation, or of servitude, but an insignia oi royalty. To work is godlike. 'My Father worketh hitherto, and I work' said Jesus, and the universe bears witness to the fact. Ceaseless activity is the law of life. He who would live must work. There can be no growth or development of body or mind without it.' On August (3th we commemorated the one hundred and twentieth anniversary of the arrival of Mother Ann Lee and co-laborers to America. Shakerism, past, present and future was ably treated by Elder Daniel Offord. Commemorative articles, addresses and singing made a long but very interesting and 'instructive meeting. Early in the month our beloved Sister Ann Offord returned to her home improved in health. August 23rd Brother Daniel Orcutt, Sisters Caroline Tait, Mabel Tompson and Robena Page of Enfield brought blessing and love from the dear friends of Connecticut. They made their home with us, remained a weeka season of mutual pleasure and profit. September 2nd. Our dear sister Mabel M. Franklin is again with us. Through receiving a shock by reading a telegram of the death of her friend and attending nurse the Abbess, she was restored to her former consciousness. The perfection of the modern surgery is indeed wonderful, but had not an attending spiritual power overshadowed her, the silver thread of life would probably have snapped even under the most careful operator. We live to learn. To grow wiser and better every day should be the aim of all. Sarah J. Burger.