SACRIFICE. By Oliver C. Hampton. If others sacrifice their all, To human weal and God, How can I be excused at all, Or my own course applaud? X7 a man sits down and s?riously counts the cost of salvation at V V the price Jesus proposed, viz. the sacrifice of all that he hath,houses, lands, wife, children, Brethren, Sisters,yea, and his own life, or selfish will and desires also, it seems at first sight quite a forlorn hope, almost a matter of desperation. Yet it has been done by not only Jesus the Christ, but by thousands since his day, if not before. If any should feel to go cautiously about such a stripping experiment, let them try it gradually, by making some little sacrifices by way of experiment. God is in no great hurry and can wait on us if we will only be sincere with ourselves. There are many little ways to begin this solemn work and plenty of time to prove, as we go along, whether the words of Jesus are likely to be verified or not in regard to the prodigious blessing and glory promised as the result of such stupendous sacrifices as he required. I was once in a state of agony in my experience and travel through the valley of the shadow of (egotistic) death so intense, that I felt almost, that there was no hope nor help neither in heaven or earth; neither in God nor man. At this fearful crisis, there seemed to be whispered in my ear 'when you climb a ladder, you never try to rise with your feet, until you have made sure of a step above with your hands. If you should you would surely fall, so you are not wise to take a step with your feet, till you have secured one above with your hands. Can you afford to wait calmly for a time even if you have to stand still, and see the salvation of God? Try it any how and it will relieve you. I did so, and a serene calm settled upon me and I was brought through that scene quietly to a state of perfect peace. After it was all over, I felt a sense of victory and heavenly rest which I never could have experienced without that very searching scene of trial and tribulation. I have heard some say they never felt any cross in doing right. I am a little different from that. For instance, I never took one 222 THE MANIFESTO. step yet in the upward path of progress, that was not attended with an agonizing sacrifice of some selfish, darling idol. That is the kind of a canary bird I am, and yet every such sacrifice has been uniformly followed by a fresh up-springing of life and peace in that kingdom of heaven within me, which Jesus spoke of, as consisting of righteousness, peace and joy in the Holy Spirit. Another thing I have noticed and that was, that those who claim such a happy immunity from even the shadow of a cross in their travel, are such as have never made any progress worth naming toward the kingdom, or scarcely any perceptible change from rudimental, to higher conditions. The real secret of how to come into the enjoyment of the kingdom of heaven soonest, is to try to take our crosses and self-abnegations cheerfully ; this will gradually turn them into crowns of rejoicing. Because though chemicalization of the elements of our common nature, can not be parried in our upward progress, yet they may be very much shortened and also moderated by a cheerful acquiescence in their operation, and a lively good-natured faith in their necessity and efficacy. This is not to be gained at once but every effort brings us nearer to success and almost before we know it, we have changed ground prodigiously for the better. We soon get into the habit of occupying and enjoying our newly found kingdom, then come to pass the halycon words of the rapt Prophet, 'And the ransomed of the Lord shall return and come to Zion, with songs of everlasting joy upon their heads: they shall obtain joy and gladness, and sorrow and sighing shall flee away.' Isaiah, xxxv., 10. Union Village, O.