-Alfred., Me. Sept. 1895. July, August, and September, and no Home Notes from Alfred. Have they gone to Florida or the North Pole? Neither. We are still in Alfred, but the many duties incident to the season have kept us so busy that we have failed to appear in Home Notes. We have beloved Elder John Whiteley to thank for our being remembered in the last Manifesto. We enjoyed a very pleasant though short visit from him. Like the rich man in the parable, our Brethren have their barns full, and fifteen tons of second crop with no room in barns to store it. The potato crop is large but unfortunately they have commenced to decay. Br. Franklin Butler's garden has supplied us with a good quantity of vegetables, so we have been for a time almost if not altogether vegetarians. I know Elder Henry would be pleased to see our nine acres of improved learning corn, with its tops reaching well up into the heavens. He would feel sure of our silos being as well filled as the barns. The Brethren have nearly completed the work commenced a year ar.ro, of clearing an adjacent field of its many boulders and so much of the earth is the better. Br. Henry Green is now on his third trip to the White Mountains, with t! e dainty work baskets the Sisters' busy hands have made. They give much pleasure to the guests and no doubt call forth a few 'smiles.' On the morning of August 28th, twentyeight members of our Society, by the kindness of the President of the Portland J and Rochester R. R. had a free ride to ! Portland and the New England Fair grounds. Space will not permit of a description of that day's occurrences. Aug. 31st, a company of five Sisters, Julia Russell, Emma Spooner, Almira Elkins, Katie West, and Eva Mellen of Enfield, N. H., came to our quiet little home and spent four days with us. One day was the Sabbath and we enjoyed a most heavenly meeting, not alone with angels in the form but with angels out of the iorm. Such seasons encourage us to bide well our time for soon there will be a grand meeting where parting wiil not be known. Sept. 2nd, our worthy Elder Wm. Anderson of Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., called to see us. His tarry was short, but we enjoyed it very much. His descriptions of England, London, and Paris were very graphic. To say we enjoyed our privilege with gospel friends does not half express our feelings. The interchange of gospel love and friendship unites us more closely to such worthy souls, and we feel that we, the little company in Alfred, are not alone on the battle field, but there are innumerable companies of volunteers marching on to victory, following Jesus Christ and Ann Lee, our chosen Leaders. Fannie Casey.