MINE AND THINE. WHOEVER reads the Bible and believes it. would not turn carelessly from the word of God to the children of Israel whom God was pleased to designate as his doves. While sum of us may take exceptions to certain passages of that ancient work, we stil find in it much that is well worthy of our perusal and even to the close application of our lives. It is not creditable to the Bible believers, the class who accept its plenary inspiration, to cast aside a large portion of the work and assume to follow in their lives a few of the teachings of some special prophet or apostle. The old Testament is as well worthy of our perusal as is the new. In it we find the operation of God's work upon the mind of man. Speaking of this part of the Bible and of the administration of the Lawgiver, Moses, one writer says,'Such a code of laws as is embodied in this portion of sacred writ is nowhere to be found in the jurisprudence of any other nation under heaven. Never had laws their basis in such profound wisdom, never were they so benevolent in their character and never so salutary in their influence.' AH men may not harmonize exactly, in thought with this writer, but perhaps they might by a careful perusal of the Mosaic Law, approximate to a corresponding appreciation of the work. It does no good for a man whether he officiates as a clergyman or walks in the humbler paths of life, to tell us that the old Testament is out of date and that the Jews were a race of ignorant, half-civilized beings, more like our wild Indians than like Christian men, like ourselves. It is well understood that Moses did not teach the Christian doctrine. It was the moral Law, the Law of generation, the Law which to-day should rule every man and woman that enters the marriage relation. He advocated the principl that this is mine, and that is thine, while all that we possess belongs to God. Moses did not say as do some of the Christian brethren,Keep what you have and get all you can. Now, if the Mosaic dispensation was of God, and we believe it was, we should necessarily suppose that the next degree of God's grace to man would be an increasing work, demanding more self-denial, more cross, and making the separation from the world more and more apparent in its every form. Does the Christian church proclaim that testimony as effectually as did the Jews ? The word of the angel wil ever be,'Come out of Babylon, my peple that ye be not partakers of her sins and that ye receive not of 230 THE MANIFESTO. her plagues.' See how carefully they were held to the order of the Law, which has been termed a schoolmaster to lead us to Christ, and these ar some of the first lessons of Communism. Here is God's word,'Behold I wil rain bread from heaven and you shal gather a certain rate every day.' It was to be gathered every day, and only sufficient for the present demand. This cut off all selfishness, all monopoly. There could be no rich, no po3i\ With this bread they were allowed to hav water and only water, and with this restricted diet it was the work of forty years before they were considered suitable to pass into the promised land. If it cost so much in that first dispensation to prepare men to be able to enter an earthly 'Land of Promise,' can it be possibl that any in this day, professor or profane wil reach the heavenly 'Land of Promise' with less discipline, less self-denial? Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work. This was a testimony against idleness,another step in community life. It obliged every man to be industrious during the six days and then came equally for all a day of rest for man and beast. In the seventh month of the year was kept a week of Sabbaths, and probably the time was spent as it is by the brethren at Alton Bay, near the close of each year. They were to sow the fields and prune the vineyards for six years, but the seventh year was to be a Sabbath of rest to the land. Again they might go on buying and selling for seven times seven years, but the fiftieth year was to be universal liberty, when every man should becum free and return to his former possession. The selfish, grasping spirit of 'Mine and Thine' which had been developing for forty-nine years was during one whole year, to cum to an end. For three hundred and sixty-five days they could take no advantage, or rather could not oppress each other. God says, the land is mine and ye ar strangers. When wil the Christians hav a year of jubilee? and for three hundred and sixty-five days take no advantage over each other? Here is another among many Mosaic rules which is quite worthy of our attention. 'Seven days there shal be no leaven found in your houses.' A trespass on this would be sufficient reason for expelling a member from the community. History tells us that during this period of the year the houses were thoroughly swept, day after day, from attic to cellar lest a morsel of leaven might be left unnoticed. A Christian church would not necessarily suffer with this salutary pro- THE MANIFESTO. 231 vision aded to its rules. Neatness if not next in point of value to godliness, is certainly an indispensabl acquisition to a Christian. Was Jesus thru his ministration an end of the law ? An end of the discipline of God's work? Wil the Bible warrant the interpretation of the church? Jesus says, 'Xot one jot or tittle of the Law shal fail til all be fulfilled,' and if it was of no consequence, as many would hav us believe, why did Jesus instruct his discipls to observe the Laws of Moses as taught by the Scribes and Pharisees ? Is the Christian church of to-day any less a church of 'Mine and Thine' than was the Mosaic order ? And is it not more selfishly and oppressively 'Mine and Thine' than any church of the past ? Like the world at large the church buys and sells and accumulates wealth with which to oppress others. Like the world the members of the Christian church marry and ar given in marriage without the least form of discipline in regard to the maintenance of the first great command. 'Verily they hav their reward,' corresponding so fully to their works. We believe that the mission of Jesus the Christ was to call his peple out from the world and to save them from their sins, from the selfishness and from the lusts whi :h so thuroly rule the world. In his life the 'Mine and Thine' came to an end. Among the poor he was the poorest and he illustrated this by saying,'the foxes hav holes, and the birds hav nests, but the son of man hath not where to lay his head.' He had no selfish property, no place that he could call his own. After Jesus had closed his conversation with the young man concerning; his wealth, he found that it had astonished the discipls. They were not, as yet, so far Christianized as to see the reason for this great sacrifice. In the primitiv Christian church there was no private property for they had all things common. They sold their houses and lands and brought the prices of the things that were sold and gave them in charge of the apostls. Where is the corresponding Christian church which says,'Behold, we hav left all to follow thee.' If the Pentecostal church gave us this example of consecration, how ar the Protestant brethren justified in giving so little to the Lord and holding so much for their own selfishness ? Can it be possibl that this class of peple read their Bible, and understand what they read? If they ar called Christians, the day has gone by when they wil be honored for their religious profession. Whether belonging to the church or not, it makes but slight difference ; and 232 THE MANIFESTO. yet all difference whether a man is honest and a peacemaker, and a man of the world, or a disagreeabl, dishonest man and a reader of the Bible. By their fruits ye shal know them.' How very much we need the religion of Jesus the Christ, the best gift of God to man. Not creeds, not f rms nor ceremonies, not the theology of any sectarian body, but the spirit which inspires men to walk with God and to be peacemakers among their brethren. H. C. Blinn.