Shaker Station, Ct. Sept. 1895. 'If we take care of the minutes the hours wil take care of themselvs.' Each moment of time is valuabl and each moment lost can not be regaind. XotLing can compensate for mis-spent time. Today can never return, and to-morrow can not hold the opportunities gone forever. Time present, is the only time for us We should so liv that we can look upon a record in the use of time that wil be pleasing and consoling. Moments wisely improvd wil bring durable riches. The past is gone and the present is here; its duties and opportunities ar ours now: by fulfilling the duties of this moment while we hav it, we shal be ready for the duty of the next moment when it comes. Our time is flying; let each hour and moment be employed in virtuous work. 'The great secret of success in life is for a person to know when his opportunity comes.' 'One pound of gold may be drawn into 236 THE MA XIFES TO. a wire that would extend round the globe. So one good deed may extend its intiucnce thru eternity; one kind word may extend its echoes down the avenues of time thru myriads of hearts.' 'The giant water plant of the world is the lily calld the Victoria Kegia, and its leaves often grow to be twelve feet in diameter, when in its nativ South American home, but seldom attain a greater width than seven feet when under cultivation. Each leaf is surrounded with a rim five or six inches in height, and two men hav floated on it in perfect safety.' Daniel Orcutt. South Family. Sept. 1895. The first of autumn has arrivedrich, golden, fruitful, autumn. We are in the midst of smiling plenty, with bountiful harvest fields around us. I hear the song of the reaper pouring forth his joy amid fields where his daily toil brings unfailing harvest in its season according to promise. Gracious Father we would return our heart-felt thanks for thy bountiful goodness and care. The summer though short has granted us many privileges and means of spiritual growth. Some very precious seasons of communion with our gospel kindred from other Societies which afforded strength, and inspiring all with greater zeal to sustain our most holy faith. We are blest with a happy home, where we are taught how earth may yield pure enjoyment, if the Spirit of God dwells within us. This is the season when nature begins her decline, the yellow leaf appears, and the song of birds is dying away. The weather is delightful, not much rain, causing a shortness of water. Corn cutting has commenced for the silo. Fruit canning has received much attention with us, and shall do more still later on. We have had the largest and best tomato crop this season ever grown here, all the vegetables have yielded well. Apples quite good and our pears excellent, peaches and plums of good quality. Potatoes are large and good are not yet dug, judge that it will be a fair yield. Health usually good. Maria Witham.