THE INQUISITION OF 1895. 'The American Sentinel' for August comes out fully illustrating the horrors of religious intolerance and utters its protest with no uncertain sound. A great deal has been said and written about the cruel persecutions of the Catholic church, and all kinds of bad names have been thrown upon that church for holding the Protestants in check in matters of conscience in religion. Now and at this late day the Protestants of Tennessee are setting up the inquisi tion and seeing what may be done to afflict those of another order of faith. It seems that some of the Advent brethren reside in the state of Tenn. and being consistent Bible readers and Bible believers, they keep the seventh day of the week holy and agreeably to the commandment. The Bible demands that the seventh day or Saturday shall be kept holy and no work shall be performed on that day. The Adventists keep the seventh day conscientiously and spend the time in saying their prayers and in sinking their psalms. They could not keep another day even to please the Protestants for the Bible says,'Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work.' They must work six days if they believe the Bible. But these persecuting Protestants demand the acceptance of their views or they 'will hale their brethren to the judge and the judge will cast them into prison.' Paul was more liberal than are these dominating religionists. He says,'One man esteemeth one day above another; another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind. He that regardeth the day, regardeth it unto the Lord, and he that regardeth not the day to the Lord, he doth not regard it.' Every day in the week is kept as a Sabbath day, and the Sabbath of the Jew is, no doubt, as acceptable before God, as is the day that is kept by the Protestants and probably one day is quite as good as another day, either for religious or for secular purposes. It is a pity that any form of religious persecution should be tolerated in this free country by a liberty loving people; but the church that carries the sword and believes in war and its horrible carnage, will be free to use that sword when it advances its interest and permits it to be the dominant party. H. C. Minn