ENVY. By Watson Andrews. A partial transposition of an article by Julia M. Lincoln appearing in the August number of THE MANIFESTO, 1895 Among the voices of the human heart, There's none, perhaps that acts a baser part Yields more unhappiness, regret, unrest, Than envy, tyrant of the human breast. Like rank and pois'nous weeds this passion grows ; From selfishness proceeds, and only knows To crave the gifts that other souls enjoy, Nor knows to gain, but only to destroy. When deeply rooted in the human mind, It dwarfs the soul, its fine perceptions blind, And withers at another soul's success, And hates the excellence it would possess. It still belittles what it can't deny, And greets the subject with a scornful eye. O! poorest of the poor, that barren soul, That darkened heart, whom envy doth control. O! pity him ye wise, and lend your light Of wisdom and of love, to aid his sight To see, and know the gifts of every one As common goods, an equal share his own. The proud and arrogant sees art and skill, And straightway envious fires his bosom fill. The quenchless flame consumes from out his soul, That generous love, which should his mind control And make him see, in human brotherhood, His best progression, and his greatest good. And that the gifts of all should interblend, As woof and warp, cementing friend to friend. We've but to read the history of the race To know that this most loathsome, vile, and base Besetment of the darkened human mind, Has largely ruled the hearts of all mankind, And caused the fierce dissensions, war, and strife, That blots the page that tells of human life; That tells of envy, inbred cruel foe To human happiness, and source of woe Untold, and desolation dark and dire, 224 THE MANIFESTO. By rapine and by famine, sword, and fire, Condemning unto torture and to death, The generous, noble souls of purer breath, Who wisely, kindly, seek the good of all Impartiallythe subjects of the fall. The rich in wisdom, the unselfish heart, Perceives in every good a fitting part Of that divine economy, or plan, Displayed in nature and displayed in man; Hence shares the gifts that each and all possess, Seeing their virtues, but to love and bless. The state of loving, being a state of bliss, In gaining love, we gain in happiness, For happiness consists in love alone ; A holy love, to earthly loves unknown. 1 Earth lovers bring all the passions in their train Among them, envy, pride, and love of gain. For pride and love of gain there is excuse In rudimental life, they have their use As stimulants to effort, needful thrift; And hence may be considered nature's gift. But 'envy, spitting cat, dread foe to peace, For thee there's no excuse, and no release From utter condemnation by a world. Thou art to hades with indignation hurled If any folly is more foolish seen Or any vice more vicious, low, and mean Than any other vice or folly known Envy, 'tis plain must claim them as its own.' Union Village, O.