NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. August. Thermometer. Bain. 1894. 66.50 1 in. 1895. 68.36 2.875 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 88 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' ' 40 ' Number of rainy days ' ' 8 ' ' clear ' ' ' 12 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 11 C. G. Reed. North Family. Sept. 1895. Seed-time and harvest bring their respective work each in their season, one equally as important as the other. Abundance of early apples give ample employment for young bauds in picking and sorting for market. Sisters are preparing and canning fruits and vegetables for winter use, beside working on shirts. The higl: tasseled corn, much better than that of last year, is being harvested for ensilage; it requires a steady, watchful eye to feed the machine that no accidents occur. For the present we are blessed with plenty to do, but as a writer remarked, 'Work is the birthright of the human race. It is not a curse but a benediction. It is not a mark of degradation, or of servitude, but an insignia oi royalty. To work is godlike. 'My Father worketh hitherto, and I work' said Jesus, and the universe bears witness to the fact. Ceaseless activity is the law of life. He who would live must work. There can be no growth or development of body or mind without it.' On August (3th we commemorated the one hundred and twentieth anniversary of the arrival of Mother Ann Lee and co-laborers to America. Shakerism, past, present and future was ably treated by Elder Daniel Offord. Commemorative articles, addresses and singing made a long but very interesting and 'instructive meeting. Early in the month our beloved Sister Ann Offord returned to her home improved in health. August 23rd Brother Daniel Orcutt, Sisters Caroline Tait, Mabel Tompson and Robena Page of Enfield brought blessing and love from the dear friends of Connecticut. They made their home with us, remained a weeka season of mutual pleasure and profit. September 2nd. Our dear sister Mabel M. Franklin is again with us. Through receiving a shock by reading a telegram of the death of her friend and attending nurse the Abbess, she was restored to her former consciousness. The perfection of the modern surgery is indeed wonderful, but had not an attending spiritual power overshadowed her, the silver thread of life would probably have snapped even under the most careful operator. We live to learn. To grow wiser and better every day should be the aim of all. Sarah J. Burger. Shakers, N. Y. Sept. 1895. Beloved Eldek Henry;Yours of the 26th ultimo at hand. I am alive, but some 234 THE MANIFESTO. 235 like the Son of Man, between home, Florida and Kentucky, I hardly at times know where I am to lay my head or rather settle my mind. I have had rather too many irons in the fire for some not to burn a little. Benjamin tells me that the people do not want to come back, although they have to rough it a little. It will take time and a good deal of patience to turn a wilderness into a fruitful garden. What the result will be time alone can tell. When we get settled in Florida I will call for you to come and help. The weather at this place is very warm and dry and we are suffering for rain. We have lost a pillar of our Church, Sr. Nancy Wicks; her loss is deeply regretted. Isaac Anstatt. North. Family. Sept. 1895. Beloved Elder Henry: -When we read the poem in the Sept. number of The Manifesto entitled 'He was an Editor,' our sympathies went out strongly toward the one who should undertake such a task as that poor editor assumed for himself. For finite beings there are some things impossible and the one he undertook could be classed in that category. We trust that experience taught him to take a more optimistic view of the situation. We are moving along the even course of our way busy with the ordinary duties of life, striving to look on the bright side and to extract some poetry and music from conditions that to the superficial observer appear only as clouds. Personally we feel that we have a great many things for which to be thankful. Firstly for those who are able to minister the spiritual gift of the resurrection life and if obedient can give that power which will enable the soul to say to all discordant elements, peace be still. Also for the temporal blessings of home and plenty for the sustenance of the physical being, and when we think of our dear gospel parenta who in their day suffered for the necessaries of life, we feel that our duty is to put on the whole armor and be ready to champion the cause of truth in its conflict with the powers of darkness and error; and when called to walk in tribulation feel that it is only a means needed to evolute the soul out of the elements of the lower life and to bring it in more perfect concord with the Divine Spirit. The past month we were favored with a flying visit from our brother, George Clark of Canaan, N. Y.. It was short but sweet, and hope some time in the future it may be lengthened. It is getting very dry in this section. We have had occasional showers to keep the growing crops from seriously suffering; and it is very fortunate that the drouth did not come in the early part of the season. Many of the creeks and ponds have ceased to exist, but we trust that in due time the refreshing showers will come. Hamilton DeGraw. Shaker Station, Ct. Sept. 1895. 'If we take care of the minutes the hours wil take care of themselvs.' Each moment of time is valuabl and each moment lost can not be regaind. XotLing can compensate for mis-spent time. Today can never return, and to-morrow can not hold the opportunities gone forever. Time present, is the only time for us We should so liv that we can look upon a record in the use of time that wil be pleasing and consoling. Moments wisely improvd wil bring durable riches. The past is gone and the present is here; its duties and opportunities ar ours now: by fulfilling the duties of this moment while we hav it, we shal be ready for the duty of the next moment when it comes. Our time is flying; let each hour and moment be employed in virtuous work. 'The great secret of success in life is for a person to know when his opportunity comes.' 'One pound of gold may be drawn into 236 THE MA XIFES TO. a wire that would extend round the globe. So one good deed may extend its intiucnce thru eternity; one kind word may extend its echoes down the avenues of time thru myriads of hearts.' 'The giant water plant of the world is the lily calld the Victoria Kegia, and its leaves often grow to be twelve feet in diameter, when in its nativ South American home, but seldom attain a greater width than seven feet when under cultivation. Each leaf is surrounded with a rim five or six inches in height, and two men hav floated on it in perfect safety.' Daniel Orcutt. South Family. Sept. 1895. The first of autumn has arrivedrich, golden, fruitful, autumn. We are in the midst of smiling plenty, with bountiful harvest fields around us. I hear the song of the reaper pouring forth his joy amid fields where his daily toil brings unfailing harvest in its season according to promise. Gracious Father we would return our heart-felt thanks for thy bountiful goodness and care. The summer though short has granted us many privileges and means of spiritual growth. Some very precious seasons of communion with our gospel kindred from other Societies which afforded strength, and inspiring all with greater zeal to sustain our most holy faith. We are blest with a happy home, where we are taught how earth may yield pure enjoyment, if the Spirit of God dwells within us. This is the season when nature begins her decline, the yellow leaf appears, and the song of birds is dying away. The weather is delightful, not much rain, causing a shortness of water. Corn cutting has commenced for the silo. Fruit canning has received much attention with us, and shall do more still later on. We have had the largest and best tomato crop this season ever grown here, all the vegetables have yielded well. Apples quite good and our pears excellent, peaches and plums of good quality. Potatoes are large and good are not yet dug, judge that it will be a fair yield. Health usually good. Maria Witham. Harvard, Mass. Sept. 1895. With the many duties pertaining to this mundaneship and to loving friends, one is neglected if we fail to remember The Manifesto, whose many readers hail it with pleasure at the close of every month. Through its columns we have tidings from sister Societies and can rejoice in their prosperity and sympathize with them in adversity. We have been blest with the presence of five respected and worthy Sisters from Enfield, N. H., who were the bearers of love and blessing from their Society. Such visits tend to harmonize and draw us into closer union of spirit. Our school is now in session; few pupils enrolled yet, but expect more soon. The farmers report an abundant supply of farm products although the potato harvest was injured by the prevalent potato disease; yet we have a good supply. Our herbs are not as fine as we anticipated on account of the drought of the early part of the season. With grateful hearts we sing. We are blest in many ways, We are blest in many things, We enjoy the happy days That true contentment brings. Marcia M. liullard.