JEALOUSY. By Belle Rullhausen. alHERE ar many vices that hav their deepest root in selfishness; but one _ of the most poisonous and destructive is jealousy. It is closely allied to envy, and like envy, constantly feeds upon suspicion. The Bible says, 'wrath is cruel and anger outrageous, but who is able to stand before jealousy?' Ah, that is the one important question of our subject. Who is able to stand before jealousy, that terribl element that is like a fierce demon, when it is allowd to go unchaind in the human heart ? The Kabbins hav a curious story which has cum to us in the form of a THE MANIFESTO. . 225 fable and it wil afford a vivid illustration of the bold wickedness by which a jealous person is governd. There were two individuals, one covetous and the other jealous, to both of whom were promist whatever they should ask ; the one who solicited the least was to receive a double portion; the covetous one would not ask first, because he desired the most, and the envious one did not wish to, lest he should benefit his neighbor; but, prompted by the spirit of jealousy, the latter requested to hav one of his eyes taken out in order that his companion mighj be deprived of both. If this little incident has been handed down to us correctly does it not clearly demonstrate the truth of the old adage that jealousy is as cruel as the grave. Surely it does,it wil not live in peace, nor wil it permit others to do so. History reveals many of the most vile acts, committed thru jealousy, that the mortal mind is capable of conceiving. What has proud Rome to record of some of her rulers, but deeds of infamy that hav left a dark stain upon the world's memory. When we look back upon the successiv reigns of Tiberius, Caligula and Claudius the first, and remember the lives that jealousy caused them to sacrifice, we shudder with horror and exclaim, how daring is that evil spirit, how fiendishly has it ever defied G-od and ignored his justice. Well may we shudder, for the same viciousness has dwelt in the hearts of the peple of every nation, and it stil lives and unless conquerd by higher impulses would gain control of our being and destroy the better qualities of the mind and soul. When the divinity of Christ permeates our lives the malicious, detestabl spirit of jealousy wil not find place in us, for then the angels of Justice, Mercy and Love wil reign supreme in our hearts, and enable us to rise abuv all that is baae in our natures. Christ-love, which is universal love, wil cause us to render unto every one that which is his just due, and gladly acknowledge the excellencies in others which we ourselves do not possess. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.