NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. August. Thermometer. Bain. 1894. 66.50 1 in. 1895. 68.36 2.875 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 88 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' ' 40 ' Number of rainy days ' ' 8 ' ' clear ' ' ' 12 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 11 C. G. Reed. North Family. Sept. 1895. Seed-time and harvest bring their respective work each in their season, one equally as important as the other. Abundance of early apples give ample employment for young bauds in picking and sorting for market. Sisters are preparing and canning fruits and vegetables for winter use, beside working on shirts. The higl: tasseled corn, much better than that of last year, is being harvested for ensilage; it requires a steady, watchful eye to feed the machine that no accidents occur. For the present we are blessed with plenty to do, but as a writer remarked, 'Work is the birthright of the human race. It is not a curse but a benediction. It is not a mark of degradation, or of servitude, but an insignia oi royalty. To work is godlike. 'My Father worketh hitherto, and I work' said Jesus, and the universe bears witness to the fact. Ceaseless activity is the law of life. He who would live must work. There can be no growth or development of body or mind without it.' On August (3th we commemorated the one hundred and twentieth anniversary of the arrival of Mother Ann Lee and co-laborers to America. Shakerism, past, present and future was ably treated by Elder Daniel Offord. Commemorative articles, addresses and singing made a long but very interesting and 'instructive meeting. Early in the month our beloved Sister Ann Offord returned to her home improved in health. August 23rd Brother Daniel Orcutt, Sisters Caroline Tait, Mabel Tompson and Robena Page of Enfield brought blessing and love from the dear friends of Connecticut. They made their home with us, remained a weeka season of mutual pleasure and profit. September 2nd. Our dear sister Mabel M. Franklin is again with us. Through receiving a shock by reading a telegram of the death of her friend and attending nurse the Abbess, she was restored to her former consciousness. The perfection of the modern surgery is indeed wonderful, but had not an attending spiritual power overshadowed her, the silver thread of life would probably have snapped even under the most careful operator. We live to learn. To grow wiser and better every day should be the aim of all. Sarah J. Burger. Shakers, N. Y. Sept. 1895. Beloved Eldek Henry;Yours of the 26th ultimo at hand. I am alive, but some 234 THE MANIFESTO. 235 like the Son of Man, between home, Florida and Kentucky, I hardly at times know where I am to lay my head or rather settle my mind. I have had rather too many irons in the fire for some not to burn a little. Benjamin tells me that the people do not want to come back, although they have to rough it a little. It will take time and a good deal of patience to turn a wilderness into a fruitful garden. What the result will be time alone can tell. When we get settled in Florida I will call for you to come and help. The weather at this place is very warm and dry and we are suffering for rain. We have lost a pillar of our Church, Sr. Nancy Wicks; her loss is deeply regretted. Isaac Anstatt. North. Family. Sept. 1895. Beloved Elder Henry: -When we read the poem in the Sept. number of The Manifesto entitled 'He was an Editor,' our sympathies went out strongly toward the one who should undertake such a task as that poor editor assumed for himself. For finite beings there are some things impossible and the one he undertook could be classed in that category. We trust that experience taught him to take a more optimistic view of the situation. We are moving along the even course of our way busy with the ordinary duties of life, striving to look on the bright side and to extract some poetry and music from conditions that to the superficial observer appear only as clouds. Personally we feel that we have a great many things for which to be thankful. Firstly for those who are able to minister the spiritual gift of the resurrection life and if obedient can give that power which will enable the soul to say to all discordant elements, peace be still. Also for the temporal blessings of home and plenty for the sustenance of the physical being, and when we think of our dear gospel parenta who in their day suffered for the necessaries of life, we feel that our duty is to put on the whole armor and be ready to champion the cause of truth in its conflict with the powers of darkness and error; and when called to walk in tribulation feel that it is only a means needed to evolute the soul out of the elements of the lower life and to bring it in more perfect concord with the Divine Spirit. The past month we were favored with a flying visit from our brother, George Clark of Canaan, N. Y.. It was short but sweet, and hope some time in the future it may be lengthened. It is getting very dry in this section. We have had occasional showers to keep the growing crops from seriously suffering; and it is very fortunate that the drouth did not come in the early part of the season. Many of the creeks and ponds have ceased to exist, but we trust that in due time the refreshing showers will come. Hamilton DeGraw. Shaker Station, Ct. Sept. 1895. 'If we take care of the minutes the hours wil take care of themselvs.' Each moment of time is valuabl and each moment lost can not be regaind. XotLing can compensate for mis-spent time. Today can never return, and to-morrow can not hold the opportunities gone forever. Time present, is the only time for us We should so liv that we can look upon a record in the use of time that wil be pleasing and consoling. Moments wisely improvd wil bring durable riches. The past is gone and the present is here; its duties and opportunities ar ours now: by fulfilling the duties of this moment while we hav it, we shal be ready for the duty of the next moment when it comes. Our time is flying; let each hour and moment be employed in virtuous work. 'The great secret of success in life is for a person to know when his opportunity comes.' 'One pound of gold may be drawn into 236 THE MA XIFES TO. a wire that would extend round the globe. So one good deed may extend its intiucnce thru eternity; one kind word may extend its echoes down the avenues of time thru myriads of hearts.' 'The giant water plant of the world is the lily calld the Victoria Kegia, and its leaves often grow to be twelve feet in diameter, when in its nativ South American home, but seldom attain a greater width than seven feet when under cultivation. Each leaf is surrounded with a rim five or six inches in height, and two men hav floated on it in perfect safety.' Daniel Orcutt. South Family. Sept. 1895. The first of autumn has arrivedrich, golden, fruitful, autumn. We are in the midst of smiling plenty, with bountiful harvest fields around us. I hear the song of the reaper pouring forth his joy amid fields where his daily toil brings unfailing harvest in its season according to promise. Gracious Father we would return our heart-felt thanks for thy bountiful goodness and care. The summer though short has granted us many privileges and means of spiritual growth. Some very precious seasons of communion with our gospel kindred from other Societies which afforded strength, and inspiring all with greater zeal to sustain our most holy faith. We are blest with a happy home, where we are taught how earth may yield pure enjoyment, if the Spirit of God dwells within us. This is the season when nature begins her decline, the yellow leaf appears, and the song of birds is dying away. The weather is delightful, not much rain, causing a shortness of water. Corn cutting has commenced for the silo. Fruit canning has received much attention with us, and shall do more still later on. We have had the largest and best tomato crop this season ever grown here, all the vegetables have yielded well. Apples quite good and our pears excellent, peaches and plums of good quality. Potatoes are large and good are not yet dug, judge that it will be a fair yield. Health usually good. Maria Witham. Harvard, Mass. Sept. 1895. With the many duties pertaining to this mundaneship and to loving friends, one is neglected if we fail to remember The Manifesto, whose many readers hail it with pleasure at the close of every month. Through its columns we have tidings from sister Societies and can rejoice in their prosperity and sympathize with them in adversity. We have been blest with the presence of five respected and worthy Sisters from Enfield, N. H., who were the bearers of love and blessing from their Society. Such visits tend to harmonize and draw us into closer union of spirit. Our school is now in session; few pupils enrolled yet, but expect more soon. The farmers report an abundant supply of farm products although the potato harvest was injured by the prevalent potato disease; yet we have a good supply. Our herbs are not as fine as we anticipated on account of the drought of the early part of the season. With grateful hearts we sing. We are blest in many ways, We are blest in many things, We enjoy the happy days That true contentment brings. Marcia M. liullard. Enfield, N. H. Sept. 1895. How rapidly whirls time's dial plate! Only a few days since and we were heralding the approach of balmy spring, and as I write, the artistic fingers of Autumn are busily tinting the foliage with varied hues, forming one of nature's most brilliant pictures. Among our present blessings, we count the visit we are enjoying with Sisters Marion Johnson and Jennie White, of the North family of East Canterbury. We trust the interchange of thought may result in mutual benefit. Sisters Isabella Russell and Henrietta Spooner report a large sale of home made THE MA NIFES TO. :37 articles at the Interstate Fair, held at White River Junction, Vt. We have recently erected a cider mill to replace the one lost by fire in April last, and our Brother Frank Theobald, with an eye to multiplying our home comforts, is building a cold storage of chestnut wood, 7x11 ft. We have gathered between four and five bu. of blackberries. Apple crop is small, but the yield of potatoes is par-excellent. As I note the seed-time and harvest of the vegetable kingdom there arises the thought, that by the crucifixion of the lower qualities of the mind, we give place for the blossoming of Christian virtues, and surely humanity, like nature, should bring a constant renewal of heart goodness into life, that a harvest of the fruits of love and justice may be realized. George H. Baxter. -Alfred., Me. Sept. 1895. July, August, and September, and no Home Notes from Alfred. Have they gone to Florida or the North Pole? Neither. We are still in Alfred, but the many duties incident to the season have kept us so busy that we have failed to appear in Home Notes. We have beloved Elder John Whiteley to thank for our being remembered in the last Manifesto. We enjoyed a very pleasant though short visit from him. Like the rich man in the parable, our Brethren have their barns full, and fifteen tons of second crop with no room in barns to store it. The potato crop is large but unfortunately they have commenced to decay. Br. Franklin Butler's garden has supplied us with a good quantity of vegetables, so we have been for a time almost if not altogether vegetarians. I know Elder Henry would be pleased to see our nine acres of improved learning corn, with its tops reaching well up into the heavens. He would feel sure of our silos being as well filled as the barns. The Brethren have nearly completed the work commenced a year ar.ro, of clearing an adjacent field of its many boulders and so much of the earth is the better. Br. Henry Green is now on his third trip to the White Mountains, with t! e dainty work baskets the Sisters' busy hands have made. They give much pleasure to the guests and no doubt call forth a few 'smiles.' On the morning of August 28th, twentyeight members of our Society, by the kindness of the President of the Portland J and Rochester R. R. had a free ride to ! Portland and the New England Fair grounds. Space will not permit of a description of that day's occurrences. Aug. 31st, a company of five Sisters, Julia Russell, Emma Spooner, Almira Elkins, Katie West, and Eva Mellen of Enfield, N. H., came to our quiet little home and spent four days with us. One day was the Sabbath and we enjoyed a most heavenly meeting, not alone with angels in the form but with angels out of the iorm. Such seasons encourage us to bide well our time for soon there will be a grand meeting where parting wiil not be known. Sept. 2nd, our worthy Elder Wm. Anderson of Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., called to see us. His tarry was short, but we enjoyed it very much. His descriptions of England, London, and Paris were very graphic. To say we enjoyed our privilege with gospel friends does not half express our feelings. The interchange of gospel love and friendship unites us more closely to such worthy souls, and we feel that we, the little company in Alfred, are not alone on the battle field, but there are innumerable companies of volunteers marching on to victory, following Jesus Christ and Ann Lee, our chosen Leaders. Fannie Casey. Sabbathday Lake, Me. Sept. 1895. We have recently enjoyed a very pleasant visit with Elder William Anderson of Mt. Lebanon who called on business, thus 238 THE MANIFESTO. blessing us with his presence for several days; during which time he was kindly imparting interesting reminiscences of his life and gospel experience which afforded us all much pleasure. At this time we have with us live lovely Sisters from Enfield N. H. ia., Sr. Julia Russell, a precious and well loved friend whom we met to love long ago, also Srs. Emma Spooner, Almira Elkins, Katie West and Eva Mellen, all souls of sterling worth to the Society unto which they belong and we are made happier by their t;irry among us. We have felt the need of rain in our vicinity and many things have grown brown and seal before their time. At this writing we are having a large well dug on top of the hill west of the buildings which we are in hopes will supply our Village with a good means of irrigation by another summer. Fruit is very scarce. Apples are the fewest that have been known for years. Vegetables of all kinds are extra in quality and quantity. Corn very fine. During the busy summer we have striven to maintain the Cause of Truth and now as it is already waning we wish to keep our spirits alive and not let the testimony of God wane within our own souls. Ada S. Cummings. Notes from Florida. Live Oak Lake, Aug. 1895. Am I to be the first to send some Home Xotes from our new home, if so I hope I shall do justice to the occasion. Our little company are trying to build up a home spiritual as well as temporal, and how we shall succeed the future only can tell. We are building on the principle of love and kindness which is the fundamental work of the gospel of Christ. This includes a love for every Brother and Sister as we shall manifest it to them through acts of kindness. We need not fear to show our colors, especially to our friends upon whom we so much depend. Of course we must exercise our best judgment in all that may be presented to us. Out of the good treasures of the heart let the mouth speak to those who form the home, as often as opportunity may offer. Kindness begets kindness and an interest in the prosperity of others becomes reciprocal. There are many homes that hold a vacant chair, where it would have been otherwise if an affectionate regard had been expressed, and a little encouragement extended to them in the hour of need. Andrew Barrett.