Books and Papers. Cosmopolitan Late Literary News. Fiction and travel sire the strong points of the September Cosmopolitan, which, by the way, illustrates better than any previous number the perfection of its plant for printing a magazine of the highest class. Conan Doyle, H. H. Boyesen, and Clark Russell are among the story-tellers. A well known New York lawyer relates the story of 'A Famous Crime'the murder of Doctor Parkman by Professor Webster. A delightful sketch of 'An English Country Hou &gt;e-Party' is from the pen of Nina Larre Smiththe house at which she visited being no less than the historic Abbotsford, still occupied by the direct descendants of Sir Walter Scott. 'The Realm of the Wonderful' is descriptive of the strange forms of life discovered by science in the ocean's depths, and is superbly illustrated in a surprising and marvelous way by the author, who is a member of the Smithsonian staff. An article on Cuba is timely. Without bothering the reader with unnecessary description of the famous yachts now so much talked of, The Cosmopolitan presents four full-page illustrations showing these noted boats. Thomas Moran again contributes a 242 THE MANIFESTO. series of the most exquisite landscapes of western scenery, twelve in number, illustrating an article by Col. John A. Cockerill, on 'Modem Utah.' And it may be said that no more beautifully illustrated number of The Ccosmopolitan has ever been given to the public. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health In The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for September a phrenograph of Elizabeth Cady Stanton, from a personal examination by the editor, occupies the first place, and explains the elements of character which have made her an eminent reformer. Several fine portraits accompany the description. 'How Three People Did Europe Afoot,' by George C. Bartlett, is the first of a series of letters from Europe which illustrate the possibilities of cheap living abroad, and promise to be exceptionally entertaining. 'The Scientific Relation, Past and Present,' by Dr. H. S. Drayton, will be especially acceptable to scholars. The Rev. Stanley Mercer Hunter argues eloquently and logically for phrenology as a definite science of character. Mrs. Charlotte Fowler Wells concludes her interesting sketch of the Rev. Joseph A. Warne. 'Proportional Brain Development,' by Albert Zimmerman, contains ideas of practical value to phrenologists. In the department of Child Culture Prof. Nelson Sizer gives bright descriptions and excellent advice concerning 'Pets of Several Homes.' 'Modern Education and Morality,' by Dr. Drayton, is timely and will appeal strongly to teachers. Under Science of Health several hygienic problems are discussed. In the editorial pages Doctor Beall introduces the subject of 'Fellowship Among Women' and quotes certain views likely to arouse controversy among the fair sex. 'Phrenology and Penology' are also considered, and a physiognomical study is given, with illustrations, of the mouths of Edwin Booth and Adelaide Neilson. $ 1.50 per year. Sew York: Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 27 East Twenty-first street. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy for August has a beautiful article on Religion. The spiritual or religious life stands in advance of the intellectual or moral life, and is indeed the embodiment of all that is good or can be known as God. That such an article should be found in a medical journal, that has to interest itself in all manner of diseases, is evidence that the author's mind rises above the many ills that flesh is heir to and finds time to explore a region where religion and the spirit of God is better known. This subject can not but have a health giving influence and the reader is made better through this manifestation of life to the body and no less to the soul. The Guiding Hand The Guiding Hand is a volume of nearly four hundred pages. It is a wonderful collection of Providential Interpositions that hav been brought out under sum special Deliverance, under Dreams and Impressions and under Conversions. The many incidents ar written in a brief and very instructiv manner so that this varied collection of spiritual manifestations wil be red with an increasing interest. The volume is nicely printed on a good quality of paper and a clear faced type, and this goes far in the comfort of the reader. Pub lisht by H. L. Hastings, No. 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. Bible study at its best includes the star1- of Bible lands.