THE UNFOLDING OF LIFE. By Hamilton DeGraw. ' These ar they who came out of great tribulation, and hav washt their robes and made them white.' ALL transitions from lower to higher forms and conditions of life ar necessarily preceded by pain. The seed placed in the ground and expected to produce a higher existence must struggle to break the bonds that environ it before it can rise to the fulfillment of its destiny. The immense periods of time that hav elapst since our globe evolvd from primeval chaos, hav been periods of mighty convulsions to throw off the old conditions that it had outgrown and which only hindered its progress to the higher forms of life. While a gradual change and growth has been going on, geology points very plainly to the fact, that to leave those old conditions there has necessarily been times of terrific convulsions when all of the forms of life previously existing were seeemingiy totally destroyed; but the germs of a higher existence remaind, making it impossibl for the lower types of life to exist; the struggle continued and stil continues for more advanct conditions. As in the natural world, so it is in the moral and spiritual universe, for the former must be evolvd in its order before the latter can develop in perfection. The rise and fall of the nations of antiquity, and especially their fall need not cause a feeling of alarm for fear of the degeneracy of the race, for they had outgrown their usefulness and lived beyond the limits of their allotted day, and must giv way to something more advanct. Many times the shel that encased the national body became so hardened that it needed sumthing of a very energetic nature to enabl the interior spirit to burst the fetters that bound it. The national organizations of to-day, representing the highest advancement OCTOBER, 220 THE MANIFESTO. that has been attaind politically, socially or religiously, contain within their organized body the germs of a higher development that wil eventually evolv conditions far in advance of existing ones. While not pessimistic in our veiws, yet, looking down the highway they ar treading, it is apparent that they also contain the germs of dissolution. Conditions are existing in the body that wil eventually result in their death as at present organized; for nothing of human creation can lay claim to the glorious distinction of immortality. Like the forces that removed the dead and dying matter that prevented the growth of the material world, may cum the spiritual power that wil remove the incubus that is holding down the expanding forces that ar struggling to rise and lift the world to a higher plane of life. As with the life history of nations, so with individuals. As the career of the former merely represents the concentrated thought force of the latter, they being the unit from which starts national and world progress, so conditions and environments that surround the individual largely determins what his development shal be. This may seem paradoxical; but when reared amid rugged surroundings that necessitate the exercise of both mental and physical energy to overcum the barriers placed by nature in the way, this very fact enabls us to uze these obstacls as a means for attaining a higher development. A Southern gentleman, reared amid luxury and having every want and desire granted, with chattels to do his bidding, was some years ago traveling in the north, in a section of the country noted for its stern and rugged aspect, accosted a farmer with the question, 'What ar the crops they managed to raise in such a rocky cuntry?' The reply was to the point, 'Men, men.' The nations of to-day who stand in the vanguard and represent the highest development of intellectual and spiritual force ar those who hav had to fight their way upward step by step against adverse influences; while as travelers tell us there ar sections of the earth where nature has provided everything ready for man's material wants, but climatic conditions ar such that it is next to impossibl for him to attain physical or intellectual energy, much less to develop his higher spiritual powers. The law of compensation is absolute, there is no deviation; we do not receive sumthing for nothing. This may not seem to be founded at all times upon facts, but failure to understand this law only arises from the undevelopt condition of the soul on the line of the inner sight. The unfolding of life is continuous ; there is no cessation. To the materialist who considers matter as he views it by the external senses as the ultimatum, the final cause ; and not merely the effect temporary as that of spiritual causes; these statements may not seem to be logical, but to the mind whose spiritual powers dominate, the truth of the statement is apparent. The development of the new can not be accomplisht but by the death and THE MANIFESTO. 221 removal of the old. While looking down the dim vistas of time, thru which humanity is slowly and painfully traveling to a more exalted destiny, our spiiit is quickened within us and we feel the Divine inspiration of the heavens, and knowing that, if 'creeds, empires, systems rot with age, the great peple ar ever youthful,' and tho it may be thru great tribulation, yet triumphant wil be the journty and glorious the reward of those who overcum. Shakers, N. Y.