ELDER, JOHN LYON. Second Paper. I WAS at work in the field, while my mind was absorbed in the beauties of the world; in the temptations presented to such as leave the Believers. It was the temptation of old: 'the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life.' While listening to these temptations I heard in an audible voice, the following words : 'What will you do with your conscience?' This disturbed me, as I thought I had been talking to myself, but I now feared that I had been heard by some one concealed in an old hedge fence that was near the place of my work. I then searched the old fence thoroughly, and could find no 226 THE MANIFESTO. trace of any person. I then returned to my work and to my meditations as before. In a short time I was saluted oy the same voice and in nearly the same words. 'Will you carry your conscience with you?' This time I made a search among a clump of bushes and in every hiding place in the vicinity, but found no one from whom this voice could proceed. Again I went to my work, but it was not long before T heard the same voice with redoubled energy, proclaim these words. 'You must carry your conscience with you; you may depend upon that fact.' I now concluded that the voice was from a spirit agency and thru my subsequent life, if any thoughts or temptations arose, this voice and the impression it made upon me never faded away. I hav never hesitated five minutes at a time since that date in regard to my duty as a Believer. This to me was a very profitabl scene in all times of temptations. During a term of about three years, there was nothing of a supernatural form that took place. I was very happy in my order of life among Believers and rendered a willing obedience to my Elders. I made a careful confession of my life, but in this had no real sense of coming before God in judgment. In August 1798, as I was in the field at work, with four or five others, suddenly I heard a sound as of rolling thunder which seemed to fill immensity ; I then heard a voice which proclaimed; 'Now is the time of the judgment; the time for every motive, word or intention, as wel as every evil work to be brought to judgment.' Immediately it seemed as tho thousands of motives and words were attached to actions of which I had formerly made confession now came before me, and demanded of me a new work. I found that I must attach all my motives and intentions to their respectiv actions, thus bring them to the judgment. I was now furnished with work for some months. Doing this work faithfully brought me in sight of my earthly nature, thru which I was tempted. It seemed that the spirit of evil had incorporated itself so fully with my nature, that I was at once placed in a situation to be tempted. For a number of years, I sufferd from the power of temptation and made my confessions to the appointed order, whether it was anything sinful, or a harbored temptation to sin, fully believing that I went into the presence of God. Little did I realize that when I received counsel or instruction, that I was being taught of God, but often treated it as from the mind of man, according to their best judgment, and decided whether they instructed me correctly or not. In this way I continued for some years, during which I found that the Elders generally counseled and directed as I thought about right, tho once in a while, I wished for them to understand as I did, and thought they would not do as they did in such cases. From this it will be seen that I had Elders and good Elders too, and such as I could respect; yet my teacher was in myself as long as I judged the work of my Elders. I moved along very well unless the Elders taught me THE MANIFESTO. 2&amp;7 something that was not exactly what I thought it ought to be. This would at times, bring me into trouble, but I dispensed with it as well as I could and went on with a determination not to quarrel with the cross of Christ. At length 1 was aroused in my mind by having a further view of my life. I saw very plainly that my nature was unsubdued and in truth appeared more potent than ever which almost threw me into a state of discouragement, though I knew of no actual transgression against light. As often as the Elders would counsel me what to do, (and no doubt it was the best thing for my good,) and while they were instructing me, it felt like consolation to my soul, but as soon as I left their room, I began to think they were mistaken, especially in my case. In this way, I cast aside their instruction by substituting my own ideas in its place. T went on in this way, til I brought myself into a sad condition. All this time I was ignorant and did not realize the use I was making of the witnesses of God. One morning in the month of June, 1804, I made one more effort to get help by opening my case as well as I could and getting what advice I could. I told them my situation, and they gave me the following advice. 'Young man, turn your sense from the sins of the world and attend to your duty as a Believe]'. Labor for the gifts of God and they will help you to overcome all wrong.' This gave me some comfort while they were speaking to me, for I thought I received it; but the truth is, I only heard it. As soon as I was beyond their room I began to be quite apprehensiv that they had misunderstood my case, or they would net set me to labor for the gifts of God. In this manner I disposed of the counsel of my Elders, because I chose to lead myself. I now returned to my work. At ten o'clock the same morning, I was at work alone in the grist mill. Suddenly I was taken from the things of time and I heard a sound which it may be hard to describe, as it seemed to be a heavy rolling, like the echo of distant thunder. This sound continued for some length of time until the whole heavens were filled, and then it rolled in every direction. {To be continued.)