SHEAVES OF EXPERIENCE. By Oliver C. Hampton. FINITE means that which is limited. Infinite is that which is unlimited. Yet the former is included in the latter, must be, else the latter would be limiied and then it would not be Infinite. The mass of Being called Man, taken in its entirety may be an infinite categoy or series, but individual man is a finite being and limited in many ways and dependent for his existrncj and happiness upon his fellow man and the other facts of Ins environment. 'God never made an independent man. 'Twould mar the concord of his general plan.' Herein I feel certain the Christian Scientists have grievously erred. They teach not only the generic independence of individual man, but that it is his duty to ignore all authority of his fellow man to dictate to him any policy, or allow himself to be led by any influence whatever, one side of the suggestions of his own shallow mind and his own sweet will. The salutary experiences of his predecessors for millions of years, must all go for nothing. No authority, no book, no experience, nay not even a suggestion outside of, or foreign to, the individual's own natural sagacity or intuition must be entertained for a moment, lest it interfere with the integrity of his or her independence by which alone they must 'root pig or die.' No obedience to any other influence no odds how assisting or salutary, no odds if it come from heaven, earth or hell beneath, must be allowed to modify in the least degree that little egotistic idol of almost latent intuition and self-assertion which they have set up in themselves for adoration and worship. One thing about this would be laughable were it not so utterly contemptible. That is, that while ignoring all authority and exhorting all others t do the same they proceed to palm their doctrines, experiences, inspirations, etc., upon others with an authority and superciliousness that would seem ludicrous enough if it were not so tiresome and disgusting. 244 THE MANIFESTO. I have not so learned Christ. 'He spoke with authority and not us the Scribes.' Yet he had no right to, only because he was wiser and better than other men. This constitutes all authority. The systematic use of this authority in all organizations and communities of men lo realize the bl -ssings of that great law of the universe enunciated by St. Paul, 'Without all contradiction the less is blest of the better,' Heb. vii., 7, is philosophical, reasonable and justifiable. It is only another way of stating the great problem of evolution through whose instrumentality all things are moving to higher and higher perfection. The whole Universe is the direct effect of Love and Wisdom acting in the systematic order of parental government in that direction alone by which the less are blest of the better. The authority proceeds naturally and legitimately from the law and claims obedience from the nature of things. Jesus indirectly claimed this authority wh^n the Pharisees a-ke 1 him by whit authority he proceeded, and he would not tell them. He not only had the authority but delegated the same to his apostles and the result was the Peniecostal Church. This church was systematically organized with reference 1st. To the law of the less being blessed of the better. 2nd. To securing the greatest benefit to the greatest number. 3rd. To securing the mos&gt;t perfect conditions of altruism or vmselfi-hness. So the Savior and his followers did not marry nor have any thin i to do with amativmess or fleshly indulgence either social or solitary. Why? Uecause that is the most selfish proclivity in man. And what had they to do with any old charnel house of legalized or unlegaiized 'lu.^t of the flesh, hist of the eye or pr'.d.; of life.' They had all things in common. Why? Because this secuivd the greatest good to the greatest number. They had leaders and directors. Why? Because a systematic organization of the energies of a people are a thousand times more efficient than any isolated effort, or even the efforts of many persons working in separate directions and often to cross purposes, defeating the result of the greatest good to the greatest number. The Shakers have lived to this Pentecostal arrangement ever since their establishment as a Church, now about one hundred and twenty years. They have all reason to be satisfied with it. From long experience it has proved to be the only really successful Christian Institution attempted since the days of Jesus Christ upon the earth. For while hundreds and hundreds of efforts have been made on other than Pentecostal lines, they have all failed, and most of them have been long since relegated to the limbo of worthless and worn out systems. This pentecostal arrangement of the primitive church of Christ was the direct result of the word that was made flesh and dwelt with men, rendering them saviors, fathers, mothers, directors, apostles on whom Christ bestowed THE MAN [FES TO. 245 the authority to lead an 1 guide the church in wisdom and parental authority and soiicitu.l &gt;, and continued till destroyed by the selfishness, lust and ambition of a corrupt and unscrupulous hierarchy of secular priests, bishops, and popes. Mother Ann again revived, revitalized and reorganized this pentecostal system with all its authority, spiritual power and saving efficacy. We close by saying that the authority of a parental government is not only legitimate and justifiable, worthy of existence, regard, obedience; not only the one preach &gt;d and lived by Jesus, but the only one in heaven or earth which will ever be proposed and succeed for the present and future benefit and happiness of mankind here or hereafter. Now therefore, 'the Spirit and the Bride say, Come, and let him that heareth say, Come, and let him that is athirst say, Come, and whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.' Rev. xxii., 17. Union Village, O.