Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. North Family. Oct. 1895. As we sowed, so have we been reaping. Rich harvests have rewarded the laborer's care. Corn-stalks heavy in fruitage reared their tasseled crests ten or fourteen feet above ground. Occasional showers have saved the crops but most of the springs have long since been dry, and we are now without water force for laundry, sewingmachines or other purposes. The endurance of Brethren and of teams is well tested by frequent journeys over the mountain with fruits and vegetables. The small return for so much labor brings us into some degree of sympathy with the struggling masses whose labor is so ill requited. Unlike a large proportion of the world's producers our homes and lands are not as yet mortgaged and our communistic relations, even on the small scale which we have thus far realized, give us some advantages. The probabilites are that ere long our necessities will compel us to adopt a co-operative system between families and societies. We should ever bear in mind that Communism with us, as with the primitive Christians was not a plan but an outgrowth from the divine life in which selfish ties and interests were renounced. As a people should we not earnestly seek a re-baptism of Pentecostal power which will cause us to feel that the spirit of brotherhood and of sisterhood and our spiritual interests generally are paramount to any earthly gain? In the Oct Arena an orthodox Reverend boldly sets forth the slavery of the churches to the money power and their consequent decline. As a part of the great body of humanity do we not share its infirmities? Are we fulfilling our call as leaders in the religious thought of the world by boldly proclaiming against the causes which have produced the present conditions of our civilization? or do we indifferently allow the Sacred Flame to pass to other altars and the testimony committed to us, which should search to the very foundations of sin, find such oracles as B. O. Flower and many other brave prophets and teachers whose souls find voice through the 'Arena,' a magazine which we believe to be the grandest educator in the country, and which we are happy to say will, the coming year, find its way to every family of Mt. Lebanon, also to kindred over the mountain. This p. m. our meeting was made richer and fuller by the presence of our beloved Canaan friends. The gist of the exhortations were, that we so discern between principles and customs that we may be ready to discard the husk that no longer contains a vital germ;that we look well to our foundations, holding fast to that which is good while reaching forward for the increase of which the lives and teachings of our founders were a continual prophecy. Love abundant to all workers for truth. Catherine Allen. South Family. Oct. 1895. The present month reminds us that time demands the sounding of new Notes, but what the music shall be, the singers must decide. We agree with other contributors of The Manifesto, that God h;is been merciful unto us and caused his face to shine upon us. 260 THE MANIFESTO. The party from Enfield, Conn, who visited here during August was one of the summer's sunny features. We hope when Br. Daniel Orcutt and company come again, they will stay longer, Orcut not thtir visit so brief. The fruits of the vineyard have been lich in quality and generous in quantity; no better results of the grape culture can be found in all the region round about Columbia. Of apples a bountiful harvest is being gathered for the coming winter when snow shall cover the earth as the waters cover the sea. The nutting season is greatly enjoyed by our juvenile members. Many bushels of butternuts have been secured for converting into sweetmeats or nut candy which is in daily demand by lovers of all things saccharine. Through the absence of rain flowing streams have become a thing of the past, and a drouth is one of the plagues of the day. May the Lord of the harvest Send showers of rain, To refreshen the earth On mountain and plain. Genevieve DeGraiv. Oct. 1895. Ekdejb Henry :This is a beautiful day in October, but soon the winds and storms of winter will gather us more closely into our homes to enjoy the fruits of our labors, spiritually and temporally. Much has been accomplished the past season and many good things garnered into our treasury. Foolish, indeed, we would be if it were not so. Consecrated hands could not do it all, but the laborer is worthy of his hire. If all do not come in and accept the cross of Christ, we must be thankful for those who are willing and obedient, and therewith be content. We love our comrades who are true and loyal,those who are aged&gt; and no less our beloved companions, and also the dear children for whom we ever pray. In our day we receive from every nation, kindred and tongue. Ministers, Professors and Doctors must all have their day,for so God wills it. We must 'advance or we must stand aside and not hinder the progress of others.' In obtaining our merchandise we must pay for that which is wrought out by hired labor, not only in our own but foreign lands. As individuals we can do much good. We should praise God and render thanks to Him for the health and strength we have received. We should make good use of these blessings and of all the powers that are conferred upon us. To a certain extent we might wish to be independent, even if not wholly so; but with all that we can do there are multiplied duties that we can not even find time to do. We are now thanking the carpenters for the houses so substantially built: and some of these were made by consecrated hands. Let us give a universal blessing, as those who are shoe-makers, must make the shoes,those who are weavers must weave the cloth, while those who are sowers and reapers must continue faithful in their duty. Let the dentist be a dentist if that is his mission, and we will wish him eminent success. Those who work as refiners of sugar and syrup should know and understand their business as well as those who delve in the earth for coal and oil, and all should be faithful in duty. The beautiful crockery that we have, we certainly, could not make, but we can see that it is kept in the best of order. Our consecrated property is used in obtaining and in protecting all these things. If we are faithful in the duty into which we are called, God and his people will bless us, and our souls and our bodies will be correspondingly rewarded. How often we sing,'I would be a blessing while I tarry here below;' and let us spend our time in doing all the good we can; for God is good, and through Him and his order comes our salvation. 'With his loving hand to guide, let the clouds above us roll, and the billows in their fury dash around us,we can brave the wildest storms with his glory in our souls,we can sing amidst the tempest, Praise the Lord.' Sarah Collins.