Enfield, N. H. Oct. 1895. To everything in nature's vast field of materiality, man has given a name. Thus distinguishable are the different species of the mineral, vegetable and animal world. Not so with the understanding of the elements governing human life, for minds, like temperaments, differ; consequently, ideas of Christianity, science and morality are as varied as the colors of the floral kingdom that dot the universe. The important work of man is first to know himself and then to 'study the creation of souls.' And will not such a knowledge help us in our work of human reformation? Should not the Christ church be as broad and THE MANIFESTO. 263 generous in sentiment as the noble spirited philanthropist? Surely, for its functions are love and service toward huraaniyThe month of September gave us another delightful season of inter-Society communion in the presence of six Sisters, of the Church family at Canterbury, N. H. We esteem such seasons of enduring worth to our souls. Preserving of fruits for winter consumption is an active industry. Our annual supply of fifty gross of Shaker Anodyne has been filled, and fifteen hundredweight of lovage root prepared for market. The filling of an order for twenty-four doz. sweaters are now making much work for busy hands. Thus we toil on realizing that as true as the silver pencilings of the lightning purify the atmosphere, so does the law of cause and effect, yield to each soul its respective portion of good or ill as sowu in daily life. If as a walled motto we keep before us the incentive prompter, 'Love thy neigh. bor, in honor preferring one another', we become in truth joined to the Christ element which furthers the cause of holiness* and glorifies life. Our herdsmau, Br. Thomas Steadman, has two silos of some thirty tons each, and these have been filled with the best of ensilage. The corn averaged some twelve ft. in height, and both rooms were filled from about two and one half acres. An excellent crop of potatoes has furnished uswith seven hundred and fifty bushels. George H. Baxter.