NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. September. Thermometer. Bain. 1894. 64.1 5 in. 1895. 62.89 3.15 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 90 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 32 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 6 ' ' clear ' ' ' 17 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 7 C. G. Heed. Oct. 1895. The golden days of Autumn, remind us that the growing time, for our locality, is passed. Nature will soon nestle under her white counterpane, for a season of rest. And rest it should be, for she has dealt bountifully with us. From early spring until now the brown earth has been producing, O such a variety of fruits and vegetables. We begin to realize that there is no place so sure of a good crop of something, as our hillsides. Thirty kinds of fruit and vegetables have been grown in our large garden this season. Potatoes weighing two pounds, and tomatoes one and a half pounds, prove that the farm is not useless yet. We feared that the severe cold of last winter, had injured the peach trees, but not so; every tree has done its prettiest. Three bushels of as nice peaches as can be found, have just been gathered from one late tree. Our village school, which for the past century (I think) has been the burden of the two families comprising the Church, now passes into the hands of efficient teachers from the North family. Carpenters and painters have made the school buildings and environments look very attractive, and we trust that the extra tax on the district to meet the demands will make the words of a noted educator true. 'The school tax is the best tax.' We have just been reviewing the latest book issued by our Society; 'Mt. Lebanon Cedar Boughs,' a collection of choice and beautiful poems original with the sisterhood of the North family. Surely it makes one feel the influence of the inner court to peruse it. Amelia J. Calrer. West Pittsfield, Mass. Oct. 1895. Since last we occupied a place in the 'Home Corner,' the buds of spring have opened, under the summer's sun, and ripened with the cooling wind of autumn, and now we are realizing the benefit of a bountiful harvest. Apples and pears very plentiful. Perhaps our pen might find a valuable lesson, from the busy works of nature and fill each month with records of duties performed. During the past summer our Office has been remodeled, and the sound of the hammer has been heard almost daily though the land. Still the results will, TERMS. 258 THE MANIFESTO. we think, well compensate for any inecnvenience, as more space of rooms and freer admission of light has betn obtained. Our street also, not to be left in the background in the striiv for improvement, has asserted its lawful rights, and as a consequence we now have a mile of state I road east of us, while another mile west, lias just been commenced. This renders traveling much easier, and as yet we have heard, ''none speak of it but to praise.' Last Sunday, the 30th ult., we attended singing-school at the Center family, Mt. Lebanon. We were welcomed very cordially, and and enjoyed a pleasant season with our friends there. Our afternoon's pleasure was dampened slightly by a shower occurring during our ride home. Twice during the summer we have had the pleasure of visiting our friends, from other Societies. Sister Isabella White and Louie Bussel, of Watervliet, were the first to call, and later, Brother Daniel Orcutt, Sisters Caroline Tait, Mabel Thompson and Kobina Page, of Enfield, Conn. We enjoy such seasons for communion with those whose desires and purposes are similar to our own, helps to strengthen us, and binds us more closely to each other forming a more united Community. On two occasions has the Death Angel visited us and taken from our midst a loved father and mother. Elder Albert Battles and Sister Elvira Hulet. We miss them from the home circle, in many ways and it will be long before we cease to remember them in affection. Fidelia Estabroolc. Shakers, N. Y. Oct. 1895. The kind words expressed for The Manifesto by the 'World's Advance Thought,' are reciprocal. Speaking from experience and with no disparagement to the many worthy publications, the 'Advance Thought' is a jewel of the first water and the principles taught by it are worthy of a foremost place in human society. We enjoy the blessed seasons of spiritual communion in our weekly Society meetings, and we could not but pity those who should lose tluir interest in these seasons; they are of great benefit in the development of a harmonious life. We have been asked how we liked the new method of spelling that is largely used by The Manifesto. We can say that it certainly simplifies the old method, and after the novelty passes away, its superiority over the old method is apparent, At the date of writing, Oct. 6th, we have not on the uplands had any damaging frosts, but on the lowlands around us are frosts that destroyed tender vegetation, on the 15th of Sept. The weather still continues dry. Hamilton DeGraw. A EEFEBENCE to the advanced form of spelling made by Br. Hamilton is quite suggestive. Those who asked the question should know that this change has been moving on from an early age, and while they are astonished at the present slight variation they may be interested to compare it with that of their fathers of only a few generations in the past. See Matt, viii., 'Forsothe, when Jhesu hadde comen doun fro the liil, many cumpanyes folewiden hym. And loo! a leprouse man cummynge worshipide hym, saying: Lord yif thou wolt, thou maistmake me clene.' Webster's Dictionary. A great many people even at the present date do not spell according to Webster or Worcester, and any new rules will not disturb their form of orthography. We will write a few examples of the spelling of 1895 which are not uncommon. About aboute And annd Access akses Book boc Bones bons Cross croos Contrary conterary Color colour City cytee THE MANIFESTO. 259 Entered entride Faults folts Steady- stidey Soul soal Shut shet Fervent farvent Sensibly sencibelly Firm farm Grief greaf Ri vers ryveres Great grete Writers for The Manifesto need have no anxiety about the form of spelling till they obtain a Standard Dictionary. //. C. minn. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. North Family. Oct. 1895. As we sowed, so have we been reaping. Rich harvests have rewarded the laborer's care. Corn-stalks heavy in fruitage reared their tasseled crests ten or fourteen feet above ground. Occasional showers have saved the crops but most of the springs have long since been dry, and we are now without water force for laundry, sewingmachines or other purposes. The endurance of Brethren and of teams is well tested by frequent journeys over the mountain with fruits and vegetables. The small return for so much labor brings us into some degree of sympathy with the struggling masses whose labor is so ill requited. Unlike a large proportion of the world's producers our homes and lands are not as yet mortgaged and our communistic relations, even on the small scale which we have thus far realized, give us some advantages. The probabilites are that ere long our necessities will compel us to adopt a co-operative system between families and societies. We should ever bear in mind that Communism with us, as with the primitive Christians was not a plan but an outgrowth from the divine life in which selfish ties and interests were renounced. As a people should we not earnestly seek a re-baptism of Pentecostal power which will cause us to feel that the spirit of brotherhood and of sisterhood and our spiritual interests generally are paramount to any earthly gain? In the Oct Arena an orthodox Reverend boldly sets forth the slavery of the churches to the money power and their consequent decline. As a part of the great body of humanity do we not share its infirmities? Are we fulfilling our call as leaders in the religious thought of the world by boldly proclaiming against the causes which have produced the present conditions of our civilization? or do we indifferently allow the Sacred Flame to pass to other altars and the testimony committed to us, which should search to the very foundations of sin, find such oracles as B. O. Flower and many other brave prophets and teachers whose souls find voice through the 'Arena,' a magazine which we believe to be the grandest educator in the country, and which we are happy to say will, the coming year, find its way to every family of Mt. Lebanon, also to kindred over the mountain. This p. m. our meeting was made richer and fuller by the presence of our beloved Canaan friends. The gist of the exhortations were, that we so discern between principles and customs that we may be ready to discard the husk that no longer contains a vital germ;that we look well to our foundations, holding fast to that which is good while reaching forward for the increase of which the lives and teachings of our founders were a continual prophecy. Love abundant to all workers for truth. Catherine Allen. South Family. Oct. 1895. The present month reminds us that time demands the sounding of new Notes, but what the music shall be, the singers must decide. We agree with other contributors of The Manifesto, that God h;is been merciful unto us and caused his face to shine upon us. 260 THE MANIFESTO. The party from Enfield, Conn, who visited here during August was one of the summer's sunny features. We hope when Br. Daniel Orcutt and company come again, they will stay longer, Orcut not thtir visit so brief. The fruits of the vineyard have been lich in quality and generous in quantity; no better results of the grape culture can be found in all the region round about Columbia. Of apples a bountiful harvest is being gathered for the coming winter when snow shall cover the earth as the waters cover the sea. The nutting season is greatly enjoyed by our juvenile members. Many bushels of butternuts have been secured for converting into sweetmeats or nut candy which is in daily demand by lovers of all things saccharine. Through the absence of rain flowing streams have become a thing of the past, and a drouth is one of the plagues of the day. May the Lord of the harvest Send showers of rain, To refreshen the earth On mountain and plain. Genevieve DeGraiv. Oct. 1895. Ekdejb Henry :This is a beautiful day in October, but soon the winds and storms of winter will gather us more closely into our homes to enjoy the fruits of our labors, spiritually and temporally. Much has been accomplished the past season and many good things garnered into our treasury. Foolish, indeed, we would be if it were not so. Consecrated hands could not do it all, but the laborer is worthy of his hire. If all do not come in and accept the cross of Christ, we must be thankful for those who are willing and obedient, and therewith be content. We love our comrades who are true and loyal,those who are aged&gt; and no less our beloved companions, and also the dear children for whom we ever pray. In our day we receive from every nation, kindred and tongue. Ministers, Professors and Doctors must all have their day,for so God wills it. We must 'advance or we must stand aside and not hinder the progress of others.' In obtaining our merchandise we must pay for that which is wrought out by hired labor, not only in our own but foreign lands. As individuals we can do much good. We should praise God and render thanks to Him for the health and strength we have received. We should make good use of these blessings and of all the powers that are conferred upon us. To a certain extent we might wish to be independent, even if not wholly so; but with all that we can do there are multiplied duties that we can not even find time to do. We are now thanking the carpenters for the houses so substantially built: and some of these were made by consecrated hands. Let us give a universal blessing, as those who are shoe-makers, must make the shoes,those who are weavers must weave the cloth, while those who are sowers and reapers must continue faithful in their duty. Let the dentist be a dentist if that is his mission, and we will wish him eminent success. Those who work as refiners of sugar and syrup should know and understand their business as well as those who delve in the earth for coal and oil, and all should be faithful in duty. The beautiful crockery that we have, we certainly, could not make, but we can see that it is kept in the best of order. Our consecrated property is used in obtaining and in protecting all these things. If we are faithful in the duty into which we are called, God and his people will bless us, and our souls and our bodies will be correspondingly rewarded. How often we sing,'I would be a blessing while I tarry here below;' and let us spend our time in doing all the good we can; for God is good, and through Him and his order comes our salvation. 'With his loving hand to guide, let the clouds above us roll, and the billows in their fury dash around us,we can brave the wildest storms with his glory in our souls,we can sing amidst the tempest, Praise the Lord.' Sarah Collins. Shaker Station, Ct. Oct. 1895. 'Let us be happy while we can, For life is but a little span.' Mental, physical and spiritual activity is the source of happiness. We should fill the hours with some noble object, for they seem to fly as if on the wings of the wind. Let us discipline ourselves to take what each moment brings of duty or of privilege. Let us perform the duty of the hour now passing, for if we grasp well the little fragment of time present, and perform the duty that this hour brings, we shall do that which will please God and perfect our own character. Duty is the watch-word. The secret of success in the self-denying life is to be patient, persevering and untiring. Each day we are rearing for ourselves a structure no one else can lay claim to, our individual character. What is the influence of that character on those around us? This is the question each on should often ask of himself as the days flit by. 'The largest loaves of bread baked in the world are those of France and Italy. The bread in Italy is baked in loaves two and three feet long, while in France the loaves are made in the shape of very long rolls four and five feet long and in many cases even six feet.' 'Eighty-two million acres of corn in this country this year; the largest breadth ever planted.' ******* Hens will not lay in the winter unless they finish moulting before December. Milk, meat and bone are the best egg making material. Daniel Orcutt. South Family. Oct. 1895. We can but feel deeply interested in our Manifesto and its valuable teachings, embracing so much truth; and we gladly offer the few items of interest we may for those who read it. The blessings from our heavenly Parents' hand are abundant, and as we look over the works of creation we may continually stop to admire the beauty and system which indicates the benevolence which we can not fail to understand. The weather the past month has been unusually pleasant, with but little rain or wind to interfere with the work on the new green-house which is nearly completed and will be put in operation as soon as finished. The fall work has been prospered and the potato yield is very good. Apples are harvested and quite abundant. The late sweet corn is excellent, producing a good supply for the table, which is a new feature at this late date with us. Ploughing is going on and everything goes forward prosperously. Two new houses for hens and chickens are built and one repaired. Thrashing of oats also finished. So the diligent hand maketh rich, and overcomes all obstacles; and 'Sufficient unto the day shall thy strength be.' Maria Witham.