NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. September. Thermometer. Bain. 1894. 64.1 5 in. 1895. 62.89 3.15 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 90 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 32 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 6 ' ' clear ' ' ' 17 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 7 C. G. Heed. Oct. 1895. The golden days of Autumn, remind us that the growing time, for our locality, is passed. Nature will soon nestle under her white counterpane, for a season of rest. And rest it should be, for she has dealt bountifully with us. From early spring until now the brown earth has been producing, O such a variety of fruits and vegetables. We begin to realize that there is no place so sure of a good crop of something, as our hillsides. Thirty kinds of fruit and vegetables have been grown in our large garden this season. Potatoes weighing two pounds, and tomatoes one and a half pounds, prove that the farm is not useless yet. We feared that the severe cold of last winter, had injured the peach trees, but not so; every tree has done its prettiest. Three bushels of as nice peaches as can be found, have just been gathered from one late tree. Our village school, which for the past century (I think) has been the burden of the two families comprising the Church, now passes into the hands of efficient teachers from the North family. Carpenters and painters have made the school buildings and environments look very attractive, and we trust that the extra tax on the district to meet the demands will make the words of a noted educator true. 'The school tax is the best tax.' We have just been reviewing the latest book issued by our Society; 'Mt. Lebanon Cedar Boughs,' a collection of choice and beautiful poems original with the sisterhood of the North family. Surely it makes one feel the influence of the inner court to peruse it. Amelia J. Calrer. West Pittsfield, Mass. Oct. 1895. Since last we occupied a place in the 'Home Corner,' the buds of spring have opened, under the summer's sun, and ripened with the cooling wind of autumn, and now we are realizing the benefit of a bountiful harvest. Apples and pears very plentiful. Perhaps our pen might find a valuable lesson, from the busy works of nature and fill each month with records of duties performed. During the past summer our Office has been remodeled, and the sound of the hammer has been heard almost daily though the land. Still the results will, TERMS. 258 THE MANIFESTO. we think, well compensate for any inecnvenience, as more space of rooms and freer admission of light has betn obtained. Our street also, not to be left in the background in the striiv for improvement, has asserted its lawful rights, and as a consequence we now have a mile of state I road east of us, while another mile west, lias just been commenced. This renders traveling much easier, and as yet we have heard, ''none speak of it but to praise.' Last Sunday, the 30th ult., we attended singing-school at the Center family, Mt. Lebanon. We were welcomed very cordially, and and enjoyed a pleasant season with our friends there. Our afternoon's pleasure was dampened slightly by a shower occurring during our ride home. Twice during the summer we have had the pleasure of visiting our friends, from other Societies. Sister Isabella White and Louie Bussel, of Watervliet, were the first to call, and later, Brother Daniel Orcutt, Sisters Caroline Tait, Mabel Thompson and Kobina Page, of Enfield, Conn. We enjoy such seasons for communion with those whose desires and purposes are similar to our own, helps to strengthen us, and binds us more closely to each other forming a more united Community. On two occasions has the Death Angel visited us and taken from our midst a loved father and mother. Elder Albert Battles and Sister Elvira Hulet. We miss them from the home circle, in many ways and it will be long before we cease to remember them in affection. Fidelia Estabroolc. Shakers, N. Y. Oct. 1895. The kind words expressed for The Manifesto by the 'World's Advance Thought,' are reciprocal. Speaking from experience and with no disparagement to the many worthy publications, the 'Advance Thought' is a jewel of the first water and the principles taught by it are worthy of a foremost place in human society. We enjoy the blessed seasons of spiritual communion in our weekly Society meetings, and we could not but pity those who should lose tluir interest in these seasons; they are of great benefit in the development of a harmonious life. We have been asked how we liked the new method of spelling that is largely used by The Manifesto. We can say that it certainly simplifies the old method, and after the novelty passes away, its superiority over the old method is apparent, At the date of writing, Oct. 6th, we have not on the uplands had any damaging frosts, but on the lowlands around us are frosts that destroyed tender vegetation, on the 15th of Sept. The weather still continues dry. Hamilton DeGraw. A EEFEBENCE to the advanced form of spelling made by Br. Hamilton is quite suggestive. Those who asked the question should know that this change has been moving on from an early age, and while they are astonished at the present slight variation they may be interested to compare it with that of their fathers of only a few generations in the past. See Matt, viii., 'Forsothe, when Jhesu hadde comen doun fro the liil, many cumpanyes folewiden hym. And loo! a leprouse man cummynge worshipide hym, saying: Lord yif thou wolt, thou maistmake me clene.' Webster's Dictionary. A great many people even at the present date do not spell according to Webster or Worcester, and any new rules will not disturb their form of orthography. We will write a few examples of the spelling of 1895 which are not uncommon. About aboute And annd Access akses Book boc Bones bons Cross croos Contrary conterary Color colour City cytee THE MANIFESTO. 259 Entered entride Faults folts Steady- stidey Soul soal Shut shet Fervent farvent Sensibly sencibelly Firm farm Grief greaf Ri vers ryveres Great grete Writers for The Manifesto need have no anxiety about the form of spelling till they obtain a Standard Dictionary. //. C. minn.