Correspondence. E. I. Lindh, Secretary United Christian Association... Shirley, Mass., Aug. 6, 1895. E. I. Lindh, Secretary United Christian Association, Cambridge, Mass., Dear Friend :After reading the reports of the Ayer Conference of July 30, I much- regretted that I had not arranged to be there, so that I could have enjoyed the pleasant interchange of thought. We know that it is the expressed wish of Jesus that his disciples should be one, not two, much less that they should be divided into hundreds of organizations, and it does seem lamentable there should be such diversity, even if those organizations were at perfect oneness within themselves. Still, if there is an assurance of growth toward a divine oneness, as would seem to be the case, there is reason for hope and encouragement to work for so desirable a result, individually and collectively. Few, very few, if any, have attained that growth of perfection that would justify them in arrogating to themselves the right to dictate a standard for others. Nor is there any need of it, for what other foundation can any man lay than is laid in the life and testimony of Jesus the Christ, and its everlasting increase. I rejoice, as every true disciple will, in every manifestation of growth or endeavor toward this increase, wherever found. There is much to be done, and a blessing will come to every true-hearted worker. We find no antagonism in Christ, except against wrong in whatever form it may be found; and that antagonism will find its most fruitful labor in the warfare against the wrong in each one's own heart. Then, in union with those like minded a power for good will be developed that will be effectual, for they will love each other dearly, whatever their other ideas may be, of God in his Oneness, a Trinity, or as God the Father and Mother of all. There is no disunion in God. United with Christ we shall be one with God. Let us strive for this union first, then all will be well. Yours very truly, John Whiteley. It was said by Nordhoff... Pleasant Hill, Ky., Arc;. 189o. IT was said by Nordhoff in his book upon ''American Communism' that 'to look upon the members of the Shaker brotherhood, revealed to him an appearance as of something wanting,the semblance of a life that had been lived in vain.' This sentiment, though possibly penned in more homely words than were used by this eminent writer, made upon me an impression that has ever been before me in reading the literary work of authors on Shaker Communism, not of the faith of the United Society of Believers. The introduction to old age one receives among the Shaker people, is one of the most pleasing meetings that is accorded a kindly inquirer. It presents to you a life that has long since relegated its walks of busy usefulness, (as is spoken of the active career of the brother or sister in the full discharge of family life) to the quiet of meditation, and review of the career that has been safely passed through, and now presents the beautiful picture of the reward of an earthly life well lived. There are some, and the writer has personally observed them, who, at this period of life, will bewail and moan over their fate; speaking of themselves as being set aside upon the human shelf, worn out and useless, an incumbrance upon the busy hive of workers. They speak of themselves as hav ing lived too long. Oh ! this is sad. But many are seen whose proud delight it is to recount and narrate every detail of a past that has lived to become eighty or ninety years of ripe and natural existence. It will be found, in reviewing the past, every joy accounted for, every grief made whole, every debt and obligation paid. It is a pleasing sight and is an incentive to live the better life. It speaks well, too, of the, virgin life of the true Believers, those who accepted the higher example of Christ, and who in the Shaker Church followed in the teachings of Mother Ann Lee. She was an inspired woinau of the faith in the second appearing of Christ, to the United Society of Believers, as the Shakers now address themselves. This is a life of toil, of faith, of charity, of celibacy, and preparation for the eternal salvation. The brotherhood and sisterhood of this religious sect, are a long lived people, those whose respect for their covenant has been of paramount consideration. It is a successful life, when you can approach and ask, 'Is it well?' And you receive the response, 'I would live it all over again, were it granted.' F. Silsby Tripp.