-Alfred., Me. Oct. 1895. The chilly mornings and evenings remind us that summer is pa&gt;t and another winter is close at hand. The first killing 262 THE MANIFESTO. frost did n&gt;&gt;t reach us until the 8th inst. ;i fortnight later than last year. As was expected, our silos were lilled full, and more than full, of the best ensilage we evej: had. Elder John says it is superior to the Canterbury seed and grows considerably taller although that was excellent. It had as many, or more ears^ which by the by, goes into the silos as our cows would 'strike' if cheated out of the corn. Two years ago less than a quart of seed was sent from Washington and from that was raised five and one half bu. last year? furnishing seed for this year. It is called 'Improved Learning.' The Brethren are gathering the few apples left us. They report the quality poor and no more than a tenth of last year's crop. Still we have every cause to be thankful. Our blessings are innumerable both temporal and spiritual. The body must have food, clothing and shelter: this is necessary and proper, but our greatest anxiety and care is for our spiritual welfare. The spirit must be fed and unless we are laying up heavenly treasures we shall surely famish and die,spiritually. Fannie Cttxey. [Notes taken from a letter written by the friends in Florida to a Brother in N. H. Ed.] Narcoossee, Fla. Aug. 1805. Dear Brother:Once a month I read with great interest the 'Home Notes' from gospel friends, and none interest me more, than those from the old Granite state. It calls to mind the delightful season that I spent with you almost three years ago, at the time of your 'One Hundredth Anniversary' of the Community at Enfield. But I am now at a great distance from you, and may be you have learned something about us. We are situated quite as well as could be expected for the time we have been in our new home. I am now sitting in our little cabin, in an upper south west room and looking at the beautiful li! tie lake, not far distant. It may not be as large as your lovely Mascoma, but it lies so quietly,not a ripple to mar its beauty, while the sunshine makes it almost a mirror. When we grow wear/ of extracting the roots of the old palmetto, we take a sail upon the lake an*l secure a small quantity of fish for our table. By this you will see that we are not fully committed to the vegetarian order, but still cling to some things that belong down in old Egypt. (What a pity. Ed.) Our vegetable garden will be ready fcr planting in Oct., and this we call our winter crop. In Feb. and March we shall be ready to plant again for a summer crop. In this you will see the advantage we have over those who live in a more northern climate. We have also set out 1000 very nice pine apple plants. One hundred banana plants, together with peaches, plums, persimmons, oranges and guavas. (May the dear Lord bless every plant. Ed.) Elder Joseph and other dear friends are praying for our success in our new home, and we are no less anxious for its peace and prosperity. We ask a remembrance in your prayers, and of all our dear gospel friends. Andrew Barrett.