A TRIBUTE to the Memory of Mother Ann Lee. By Cora C. Vinneo. How strange it seems across the years to look, The rounding years of brightness and of shade, And read them like the chapters of a book That fate has made. How near it seems and yet so far away, Since she who was inspired beyond her time, Led by tin? hand that never leads astray bought out this clime. The nation's hand was red with patriot's blood, The nation's air was thick with battle smoke, And tribulation like a plunging flood, Upon it broke. But freedom never yet was easy won, What is not worth a struggle dies with thought, 'Tis only by the mighty action done, That good is wrought. She came, our Mother, with a heart of steel, Bringing a courage worthy of the strife, And with a soul baptized with love and zeal She gave her life. Gave it in suffering for the nation's good, Gave it a ransom for her people's weal, 246 TEE MANIFESTO. In that strong fortitude which is subdued By what we feel. Above the baneful battle cloud she saw The white winged messengers- of rich inc. ease, Saw Mercy temper Justice, through the iaw Of holy peace, She saw the nation's victory sure though slow,, She saw her mission prosper wheiv 'twas sent, And saw God's promise like a sunset glow Of good intent. Her church was. reared amid the smoke and Hi me That made the land of freedom that we prize, Together they must cherish freedom's name, Must sink or rise. Shall we turn cowards where her heart was strong, When work increasing calls us to the field? Nay, though self-love the struggle may prolong; We must not yield. In every motive by the Spirit led., She builded wiser than the mortal knew, And in the light of inspiration read The future through. In all the soul's deep vales and solitudes, She walked with unshod feet in solemn trust, At home with duty in its sternest moods., And wise and just. Let us give honor where the debt is due, Rememb'ring all the blessings that she brought, Clean was her soul and pure her hand, and true The life she taught. Ah, who shall fail to count these mercies o'er Nor let them scattered be like falling leaves, Should he who gathers grain forget to store The golden sheaves? Shall we who reap the harvest sown in pain Grow weak in purpose through neglect or haste ? Nay, better never see the precious grain Than let it waste. A Mother's blessing clothed in white and gold, Conies down the shaded vista of the past, THE MANIFESTO. 247 And on life's rugged mountain ways behold A light is cast. Our path is smoother, for the brightness shed Around the dangerous places that she trod, Makes us avoid the pitialls and the dread Dark road from God. Teach us oh Father, how to rightly prize The wisdom that is perfect from above, Teach us oh Mother, how to realize Thy tender love. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.