Books and Papers. Successward; A Young Man's Book lor Young Men Edward Bok, the editor of The Ladies' Home Journal, has written a book for young men Oilieu 'Successward; A Young Man's Book lor Young Men,' which the Reyells will pub lish in a fortnight. The book aims to cover all the important phases of a young man's life: his business lite, social life, his amusements, religious lift1, (tress, his attitude toward women ami the question of his marriage. This is Mr. Bok's first book. Pleasant Hours for Boys and Girls Word and Works Popular Monthly The Bible Triumphant A new monthly illustrated magazine for young people has just been started by Frank Leslie's Publishing House. It is called FKANk Leslie's Pleasant Houks ior Boys and Girls, ami is in every way equal to the best publications of its kind, although the price is but 10 cents. The first number (October) contains the opening chapters of a serial story for boys by Edward S. Ellis, and one for girls by Jeannette H. Walworth, There are short stories by Oliver Optic and Rebecca HardingDavis; a football story by Henry E. Haydock; bicycle stories by Max I. Harvey and A. L. Millet; an article giving 'Hints on Trapping,' by F. L. Oswald; a paper telling how to turn a heap of rubbish into pretty ornaments, by Adele Beard; several illustrated poems and practical descriptions of novel tricks, games and puzzles. The editor of the new magazine is Fiank Lee Farnell, who has been connected with Fraak Leslie's Publishing House for a number of years, and who thoroughly understands what will please and interest the young people. HICK'S GREAT WORKS. Rev. Irl R. Hicks, the celebrated storm prophet, of St. Louis, is now a household name in nearly every home in America. His wonderful Almanac predicts the weather for a year ahead more correctly and accurately than any other publication or any other system. The testimony of a large number of careful observers is that 99 per cent of Hicks' predictions are fulfilled to the letter. Mis series of annual Almanacs are now well anil favorably known in all parts of this country and in foreign lands. The new Almanac for 18H6 is the most practical ami instructive as well as the prettiest of this splendid series. It contains 100 pages, printed on fine book paper, with covers elegantly printed in colors. The matter, although scientific, is written in popular style, there being nothing difficult to understand about it. It is also finely illustrated. Don't confound this with some patent medicine pamphlet. It is nothing of the kind, but is a line book, which sells at all news stands for '25c. This fine Almanac is given as a premium to every yearly subscription to the Rev. Irl R. Hick's well-known and deservedly popular paper, Wokd and Works. This unique journal is a peerless educator of the masses, and is fast becoming a household guardian and necessity in the homes of America. Those who want to keep up with the advanced thought of the age, in science, religion and all social, commercial, intellectual and domestic subjects, should subscribe for Word and Works. Subscription only $1.00 a year. You can send for both direct to Wort, and Works Publishing Co., St. Louis, Mo Single copies of Word and Works, 10 cents. The Cotton States and International Expo- -ition nt Atlanta, which takes rank among .he most brilliant lairs ever organized on the \ meiican Continent, conies in for conspicuous attention, both pictorial and liturary, in the November number of Frank Leslies Popular Monthly. The lending article on this subject i from the authoritative pen of Walter G. i ooper, the energetic chief of the Department of Publicity and Promotion. James L. Ford, the now celebrated author of 'The Literary Shop' and 'Hypnotic Tales,' xmtributes a delicious example of his satiri3al humor in a paper upon 'Our Exotic Nobiltjs' which is charmingly illustrated by Warren B. Davis. Mrs. Leicester-Addis discusses the traditions and customs of Allhalltide. Some interesting glimpses of the 'Immortals' of the French Academy are given in a gossipy paper, accompanied by the latest portraits of such contemporaneous celebreties as Paul Bourget, Pierre Loti, Francois Coppee, Dumas, ShiyIou, Jules Claretie, Jules Lemaitre, Brunetiere and others. Other illustrated articles of special interest are: 'The Suburban Riding and Driving Club of New York;' 'The Scenic Panorama of Sew York State,' and The Boomerang.' Among the notable short stories is 'The Railway Signal,' by the famous Russian writer, Garshine. The frontispiece is an admirable reproduction in water colors of a characteristic 'New England Thanksgiving Dinner. Altogether, the improved Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly is a brilliant success. The Bible Triumphant. This is a beautiful book in cloth binding of one hundred and sixty pages. The author Mrs. H. V. Heed is a Hebrew and Gieek scholar, and her study of the Bible has enabled her to refute no less than twelve dozen skeptical arguments. How fully she may have carried this to a successful issue, must be determined by those who follow her carefully through this extended list of triumphant solutions. The work is prefaced with words of wisdom from the pen of that able advocate Br. H. L. Hastings, and this every one will be interested to read. The same book also contains nearly fifty pages under the head of 'Infidel Testimony concerning the Truth of the Bible.' This exhibition in parallel columns of ancient inscriptions with quotations from the Scriptures form a very interesting feature of the work, and may be studied with immense profit by those who are anxious to be well informed on the subject. The book is nicely and substantially bound, and is well worthy a place in any Library. Published by H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass.