ELDER JOHN LYON. Third Paper. STOOD filled with wonder and lifted my eyes toward the East and saw a bright light as fine as a hair. It stood perpendicularly and appeared about eight feet in length. Then a voice was heard to say, 'Go to that light.' I was very anxious to do so. As I looked towards the light, I saw a vast, deep gulf, with almost perpendicular banks, and some timber extended across in the form of abridge, though it seemed to extend a considerable distance right and left. This timber was partially covered with planks, thrown on in a promiscuous manner and some of the planks were badly decayed, so that I thought it was a dangerous place and required the greatest carefulness to cover it. In obedience to the voice, I moved toward this streak of light. Just as I reached the edge of the gulf, I was enveloped in darkness. Every vestige of light was withdrawn exc -pt that little streak toward which I was moving. Then I b^gan to look around and to feel for something firm upon which to place my feet. Not finding anything I remained quiet and looked for the little ray of light, but it was gone. O the sorrow I was in ! enveloped in darkness and fearing to move, tongue can not express the anxiety of my soul. At length, I thought I would try to find the light and if I should succeed, there was hope, if not, I was lost. I moved to the right and left, and finally discovered the bright light. Oh, how happy I felt, when I saw it once more, but alas, I did not yet know how I lost it, nor how to keep it. I had no other way left for me, than to try to move forward toward the light, for I had no hope in trying to get back: so I turned directly toward the light, and moved on, still trying to look about in the dark with all attention, feeling my way with my feet, lest I should get into some hole. I again thought I would look for the light, and see which way I was groping. When I looked, behold it was gone, and I could discern nothing of it. With what horror I was struck! I knew not 248 THE MANIFESTO. which way to move. I had learned that a little deviation would cause me to lose the light. I knew that my first work must be to find the ray of light. I moved a little, not knowing which way I moved on my course. It seemed a long time that I was struggling in distress of mind to find the light again. I felt much worse than I did the first time that I lost sight of the light. After struggling in this manner, resolving to do all I could to keep it, I caught the sight. O how rejoiced I was at this new privilege. Then I was filled with fear, lest I should lose it again for I did not know how to retain it. Yet, there was no way for me but to try to move on as well as I could in the dark as before. Again, when I lifted up my eyes to look for the light, I could see nothing of it. My whole soul was filled with despair, I not only despaired of finding the light again, but also of keeping sight of it. I thought that I had as well give up to die where I was ; I could not think of trying to get back, and to go forward was impossible; but all these thoughts of mine did not mitigate my distress. I began to cry and beg that if there was any help for me that I might have it and also know why it was that I did not or could not keep sight of the light when I had it. I was told with energy 'You have not asked simply for instruction and have not determined to obey it when you are instructed.' This cut me to the heart; 1 thought 1 had done as well as I could, and if I could be directed how to escape from this terrible situation, I would follow the direction through life. Then it was said to my understanding, 'You have proved darkness and have found that you could do nothing without light. Here lies the whole mystery of your case. When you discerned the light, you turned your sense from it, and followed your own way, and was led by your own judgment till you found yrurself enveloped in darkness and then you would begin to search for the light. Thus you have done from time to time, but you did not consider that all you had to do was to follow the light which God has placed before you and not in you. Now if you would be released from the distressed situation you are in, place yourself in view of the light, with your eyes fixed on it and go straight forward then you will not find any impediment in the way where this light shmes.' After receiving this instruction, I said, 'I will, this shall be my course now and forever.' Accordingly my first effort was to find the streak of light and to place myself in the direction of it. I moved in every direction, as I had done before, only with this difference, I thought of nothing but the light. I did not try to look about in the dark, nor to feel my way with my feet, but moved about as rapidly as I could, and presently I discovered the light with an inexpressible ray of joy. It seemed brighter than it did before ; although it appeared so unspeakably bright, it did not illuminate the region where I was, but left it in profound darkness. Having placed my eyes directly on THE MANIFESTO. 249 the light, I was determined to reaph it and pay no attention to any other object. With this determination I moved on without any difficulty find arrived at the point from which the light came, only to find a wall which I could not pass; it was so dark that I could not discern of what it was composed. There were two pillars inserted in the wall, and placed as near as possible to each other without touching. It was from between the pillars the light came. The pillars were like polished silver and were eight inches square, by eight feet long, and were so constructed, that by placing my eye close to the joint between the pillars, I could look through and see a hemisphere of light and such brightness as nothing on earth can describe. It was brighter than the sun, yet my sight was such that I could look on it without my eyes being dazzled. It was the most delightful scene that I had ever beheld and I wished that I might look upon it forever. Accordingly I knelt down* and placed my head against the pillars where I had full view of the light. How long I was in this situation, I do not know, but after an interval of time, I heard the same voice, which I had heard before, as it came rolling through the heavens. Thus closed my vision, and I found myself on my knees, while a space of some twelve inches in diameter was wet with tears. I returned to the house and found that I had been in this trance about four hours. A strange change was wrought in me, during this season. I awoke to find myself released from all past trouble, and all I had to do was to walk in the light of God's love and by his appointed Order, to fix my eyes on this light and go straight forward. I learned that God had appointed but one way, to lead the soul from nature's darkness, and at this time I determined to build upon this principle. It will be seen, as before stated, that I fully believed that my Elders were the witnesses of God, when I went before them for confession. I was shown however that if I would become one of the sons of God, I must be led by the spirit of God, .and that his will must become my will, and his judgment become my judgment. 1 have been helped into four principles of Godliness by supernatural agency. One in childhood, two in youth and one after reaching manhood. My faith has been fully established from the day I had them revealed to me, and I have acted according to them in the decisions of my after life. I can not close without stating the difference between the state I was in before I received these manifestations, (especially the two last,) and my subsequent situation. Before these things were made known to me, not having come to judgment myself, but being my own judge, I could easily judge others. When I thought that they did not do quite right, even in such things as did not in the least concern me, it would provoke me, to think that they were unwilling to do as I thought they ought. Thus having my own nature 250 TEE MANIFESTO. to dictate me and so many others to judge and rectify, it kept me in continual perplexity. After I received these manifestations the scene changed, all I had to do was to give myself to God. From this time, I set myself at work to comply with what was made known to me; instead of vexation, I found peace, instead of perplexity and trouble, I found comfort and consolation. From one who loves the spiritual New Creation. Enfield, N. H. (The End.)