Sanitary. Cows that are fed upon hot slops... Cows that are fed upon hot slops, in our cities, lose their teeth, as do human beings who use much hot food. Joel Shrew, M. D. It is proved by bills of mortality... It is proved by bills of mortality, that half who are born die under ten years of age. Half of mankind are said to die of fevers of one kind or another. Are fevers natural? Dr. Alcott. Do you know what causes round shoulders... Do you know what causes round shoulders, particularly in the young? Much depends, no doubt, on sitting a long time, from day to day, in a bad position. God 264 THE MANIFESTO. has kindly given to each of us a pair of shoulder braces, 1 mean of course, the collar bones. Naturally we need no artificials of this sort, though many use them. Nature's own are about six inches long in an adult. In children and youth both ends of each of these bones are soft. It is not till we come to maturity that these are completely ossified or changed to bone. If while we are young, we sit a great portion of our time with the shoulders thrown forward too far, we compress the soft cartilaginous ends of these bones and the cartilages gradually yield and are absorbed, as it is called, so that the braces become too short, and the shoulders remain too far forward. Thus we are made round shouldered. Dr. Alcott. TEA, COFFEE AND TOBACCO. Tne eminent Dr. Bock, of Leipsic, writes as follows respecting the influence of tea and coffee upon the character: 'The nervousness and peevishness of our times are chiefly attributable to tea and coffee; the digestive organs of tea and coffee drinkers are in a state of chronic derangement, which reacts on the brain, producing fretful and lachrymose moods. Fine ladies addicted to strong coffee have a characteristic temper, which I might describe as a mania for acting the persecuted saint,The snappish, petulent temper of the Chinese can certainly be ascribed to their immoderate fondness for tea.' Although Wood gives it as his opinion that chewing is the worst form of using tobacco, yet Dr. Geo. P. Hall says in the International Medical Magazine that the use of cigarettes is certainly the most objectionable. He says the effects of tobacco when past the physical limit are very wide and far reaching, and may fall in some degree on any one or more of the nerves or nerve centers of sensation. Dr Hall then relates four cases of tobacco omblyopia as proof of the serious effect of this drug on the eyes. He quotes Bosworth as stating that tobacco is not sim ply a cardiac poison, it is also an arterial poison. Its ill effects are shown in cerebro-spinal irritations, headaches, vomiting, morning fatigue, impairment of memory, physical irritation, inaptitude for work, and even transitory aphasia. Mackintoshes and Rubber Clothing large commissions can be earned by retailing to users. Samples free. Manufacturer, P. O. 1371 New York. .