DOUBLE DEALING AMONG the many profitabl lessons of the Scriptures that hav been preservd for our reproof and instruction in righteousness, is the one found in the ninth chapter of Joshua. The incident has in it much that pictures the real traits of human nature of three thousand years ago and quite like that which is found in the race at the present time. Whatever the Gibeonites may hav been at an earlier date, they forfeited, thru this stratagem all their rights and privileges and became the wiling slaves of their Jewish masters. We do not suppose that they could foresee all that would transpire in their case, but they made a venture which ended disastrously. It was an attempt to do sumthing smart, but they faild thru their low craftiness and being detected they suffered the penalty of their foolishness. In the third chapter of second Timothy it says,'All Scripture is given by inspiration of God,' which wil of course include this story of the Gibeonites. It did not require an inspiration much above the low cunning of human nature to develop and to act just such a scene as that found in the book of Joshua. We do think, however, that the great military captain was a litl obtuse in not being better informed about the several tribes that were at so short a distance from his camp. On meeting Joshua this cunning company said to him, 'Thy servants hav cum from a far cuntry. We hav herd of the fame of the L^rd thy God, and all that he did in Egypt. And what he did to the Amorites, and to Sihon beyond Jordan. And our people said to us, 'Take food and go meet the Israelites and form a league with them and say,We ar your humble servants.' So far there was one sprinkling of truth and two sprinklings of falsehood in their deceptiv story. It was what they calld in that day, craftiness or subtlety, but we denounce it as deception or a white lie. Then they enlarge the story as follows,'We took this bread from the oven, while it was hot and now it is dry and mouldy. These skins of wine were new but now they ar old and broken. Our shoes hav worn out on the journey and our garments that were new ar ruined from the hardship that we hav experienced.' The whole of the closing statement was utterly false and was made use of to deceive Joshua, and to obtain a promise from him that he would not destroy their nation. Their bread was mouldy when they put it into the bags. The wine skins were old and broken when they DEALING-. THE MANIFESTO. 253 left home to go on this journey of two or three days, and their shoes which they said were new on leaving home were proved to be those which had been thrown away, but gathered again for this special occasion. This singular tribe must have presented a sorry appearance on the morning of their deception and especially after it was ascertaind that their very long march was only about forty or fifty miles. As Joshua had made peace with them to let them live he now informed them that for their deception, he would make them hewers of wood and drawers of water. In this case it did not pay to practice such deception. It never pays. Those who do it give themselvs into a slavery far worse than that experienced by the Gibeonites. From the first instance in the history of man we hav learnd that the way of the transgressor is hard. It wil always be hard to live where dishonesty and double dealing is allowd to prevail. Had this been a solitary instance left for us we might hav lookt upon a past age with greater pleasure. Marvelous things ar said to hav occurrd in that day which may never take place again so long as man exists. Angels dwelt among men, and they tell us that the voice of God was heard in their camp as a man speaking face to face with his friend. Such privileges ar not conferred upon us, and yet we think we ar living in a better age than was ever known at a previous date and indeed we ar, for 'The world is growing better Every year.' More men and women ar at work making the Lord's paths straight and the rough places smooth. Light is abroad in the world and the thousands ar walking by it. Mercy and charity abound, and these precious blessings ar scatterd on every hand with a wonderful liberality. Every thing may not be just right but the march is onward. If a man or a family or even a nation return to ignorance and to barbarism it may be bad for the individual and for the nation, but the mass of mankind is not that way. Great care however should be taken with children and youth and with mature manhood, teaching at all times as did Jesus that the truth shall make us free. Those who think of leading a religious life wil find that everything that pertains to the moral and spiritual development of the mind demands a careful attention. It is line upon line and precept upon precept, and this thru an honest self-examination. The faithful and honorable sons and daughters of our God can only reach their place of protection as did Jesus our heavenly pattern, by 254 THE MANIFESTO. years and years of watchfulness and prayer. On the other hand lukewarmness and a growing indifference wil lead to ruin and like those who visited Joshua, choose rather to fall into slavery than to speak the truth. Such premeditated falsifying had been nurtured, no doubt, in their homes for years and this was only the culmination. Men may do wrong. Cases may arise where one man, or may be three or four men will agree to falsify their word, but it would be hard to find a whole tribe like the Gibeonites who had traveled fifty weary miles and held a lie unchanged for three days. Even at this early date mankind had received sum excellent lessons in morality and wel knew the fearful penalty that was sure to follow a wilful transgression, yet such was their cupidity that the horrors of an inquisition could not hold them within the bounds of propriety. Where was the blame to be laid? Burning, as every Jew did, with a dominant spirit to rule the wh )le earth, his education being in the midst of the crime of slavery and the fierce unrelenting spirit of war, what better thing could we expect of him? And what better is an uneducated, undisciplind man of to-day? What can be a clearer representativ of a hideous savage or of a wild beast than the brutal work of an ignorant mob ? Then the beast in man predominates, and lost to all reason the mob would tear a person limb from limb, or burn him to death by slow torture. In the case that was enacted in Texas but a few years since the religious and the irreligious acted in concert to brutalize a human being. And yet we hav good and wholesum laws. The Israelites also had good and wholesum laws and the penalty they inflicted harmonized with the age in which they lived. Our second Bible story or lesson for 'reproof and for instruction in righteousness,' is of the same character as the first and peculiarly interesting. If such a case could be brought before us to-day it would be sad in the extreme. It is a matter of congratulation, however, that we were born at a later date. Achan knew better than to steal that wedge of gold or that Babylonish garment. As beautiful as the garment may hav been he knew quite wel that he could never wear it, and on this account he hid it in the earth. The whole transaction is characteristic of the man, and in fact, of all men who wil steal. Hiding their goods and lying about them fills up the measure. His guilt was discovered, however. Not by his own honesty but by a long, tedious process of casting lots to ascertain the tribe and then the family, and at last the guilty man. A forced confession was made and the fearful penalty soon followed. It is a long but an interesting and in- THE MANIFESTO. 255 structiv inspirational story. Read it in the seventh chapter of Joshua, and then you may believe the New Testament doctrine, that the penalty of sin is death. Achan may have been an honest litl boy. He may hav heard the law read Sabbath after Sabbath by the Jewish priests. The commandments may have been one of his lessons for recitation and among these he had lernd, 'Thou shalt not steal.' As plainly as though he was before us we know that he grew to be a selfish, deceitful and penurious man. He coveted what did not belong to him. He could see his friends destroyed before his enemies and the honor of his cuntry ruined, if by this means he could secure his ill-gotten treasure. This poor Israelite had many foolish followers, and the Achanites are not yet all dead. After three thousand years of preaching and of religious experience the same old story of distorted human nature stil continues. Lessons ar being learned, however, and righteousness enjoys a better place in the minds of men and there is a prospect that the future wil present a better record. The time is coming when 'the. knowledge of the Lord wil cover the earth as the waters cover the sea.' Peacemakers wil rule and the kingdoms of this world wil becum the kingdoms of our Lord. H. C. Blinn.