NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. October. Thermometer. Bain. 1894. 50.36 3.75 in. 1895. 44. 4 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 64 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 26 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 5 '. ' clear ' ' ' 15 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 1 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 10 C. O. Heed. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. North Family. Nov. 1895. Little has transpired in our peaceful mountain home that would gratify the external mind, but much has been granted to us from the Giver of all good, that would nourish and uplift mind and soul. The 4th ult. we received a pleasant call from Elder George Wilcox and Elder Thomas Stroud, who enriched us with the love of true hearts. For a short period we had to use a steam motor for shirt work, but upon the 12th the long looked for rain refreshed the earth and enabled us to again use water power. October 14th the District school opened. The school house had previously undergone repairs and re-arrangements to better adapt it for the accommodation of boys and girls in separate class rooms. Following carpenter and painter, Sister Amelia Calver's deft fingers added many appreciated touches in preparation for the new teachers, Ezra J. Stewart, Grace Ada Brown and Annie R. Stephens. Sister Grace Ada Brown, recently from Long Island has had large experience as principal in public schools and is well qualified to instruct advanced classes. Courteous manners and sound morality are a part of the lessons daily inculcated. The long expected volume of poems entitled 'Mount Lebanon Cedar Boughs,' has just come from the press, it is a neat and handsomely bound book of three hundred and sixteen pages and well represents the work of many gifted persons. We have already had many subscribers and hope to have the patronage of many more. We are more than pleased to say that although we are now entering upon the severe winter season, yet we feel we are in the spring of our hopefulness. We believe that a new age is dawning wherein we shall see the spirit of brotherly love rule the hearts of mankind, 'Mercy and truth meet and righteousness and peace kiss each other.' Belle Rullhausen. Shakers, N. Y. Nov. 1895. We have lately been much interested in the perusal of 'Emerson's Essays.' The thoughts given and the style of expression prove him to be an illuminated soul, a true prophet that had already caught a 280 TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 28 L glimpse of the dawning day. His essays would make interesting and instructive reading for lyceums and self-improvement societies for the coming winter. The past season witli all its drawbacks has been generally a prosperous one. The crop of apples was fair but not as large as the previous season. Hay very light crop, but potatoes the best for several years; corn good. So we can with grateful hearts render thanksgiving for the blessing we are under and to remember the poor and needy. We have an occasional visit from the 'Little Sisters of the Poor,' a charitable institution located in Albany; their work is commendable as it is given free depending upon contributions for support. Of the new varieties of sweet corn that we have tested the past season, we have not found one that equaled' in quality the 'Country Gentlemen,' a variety introduced the past season. It is a late variety and for a family garden can not be surpassed. The Burpee's Dwarf Lima Bean still proves a valuable acquisition, being a true Lima, enormously productive and of excellent flavor. We are at present enjoying beautiful autumn weather very desirable for the completion of fall work, but are needing rain. At present date Nov. 3rd we have had but one slight flurry of snow. Hamilton DeGraio. Shaker Station, Ct. Nov. 1895. The Apostle says, 'Praying always with all prayer.' Prayer and watchfulness is the armor for the battle of life. It is well to pray but better still to watch and work and remember that 'God helps those who help themselves.' Prayer and watching is a safeguard each hour. When we pray to our heavenly Father, it is an acknowledgement of our dependence upon Him. How blessed is the thought that we can pray while performing our daily duties. Our supplication can ascend to God without moving our lips. Without watchfulness we shall be overcome by the adversary of souls. Let us strive to attain to this watchful spirit, and commit all our burdens and trials to One, who has promised to protect those who trust in Him. We can never pray too often, 'Leave us not in temptation, but deliver us from evil.' October 16th, a company of five Sisters from Hancock, Mass, came to visit iis. We have been greatly blest by such peaceful messengers, who have been numerous during the year; they come none too often however. At this season of the year we have no time to lose; there are so many things to be done to prepare for winter. Cayenne peppers when mixed with soft feed are an excellent stimulant for hens. It is proper care and food that hastens early laying. Hens should have all the milk they can drink; no kind of food is better adapted to egg production. Hens should be supplied in winter with what they can pick up in summer. A hen at large supplies herself with grit in the shape of sharp flinty substance. Dtmiel Orcult. South Family. Nov. 1895. The beautiful October is past, leaving its place to drear November with its cold, bleak winds. Snow has already made its appearance; on the 5th inst. the ground was well covered, but it soon entirely vanished under the rays of the warm sun. Preparations for winter are neai'ly completed. Our garners are well filled; and with so many blessings we have naught to fear. The prospect for our winter garden is encouraging; tomatoes and cucumbers are growing finely at this date, and other vegetables will be ready for the table in due season. Time will prove the success of any new enterprise; thus we say when thinking of our Brethren and Sisters in Florida. Our sympathies are with them, and we hope health and prosperity may attend them. 282 THE MANIFESTO. The addition to our family of two Sisters from the Society at Canterbury is a great biessing to us. One in faith and one in interest, seeking to do good wherever duty calls us is the beauty of our order of life. The faithful Christian may truly expect a blessing through this life as well as in the great hereafter. Maria Witham. Harvard, Mass. Nov. 1895. The constant rotation of the seasons tell us that progress is the key-note to all things, not only in the material but in the intellectual, scientific and spiritual world. Who can compare the present times with those of half a century ago and not exclaim with wonder upon the changes time has produced? What will the next fifty years do for us? Lately the town of Ayer has been visited by burglars and they did not forget to give us a call. They have broken into our barn three times and made an unsuccessful attempt to enter the Office but the tooting of an old campaign horn informed them they would not be welcome. This is Thanksgiving month and we have indeed cause to be thankful. Our dear gospel friends of Enfield, Conn., whose works sustain their reputation for generosity, sent to us some very fine apples. Never in the history of this Society has it been so completely destitute of this desirable fruit as this year. With hearts full of gratitude we obey the injunction of the apostle,In love remember one another. Marda M. Bullard. East Canterbury N. H. Nov. 1895. We are just now in a waiting mood. We want some ice for the use, first, of the dairy as it is difficult to obtain cream without ice, and then we want the warm weather to continue with us so long as it may, as it saves the fuel and is more agreeable to northern minds. The leaves have all fallen from the trees, and the birds have gone to more southern homes. The farmers, and the Lord has blest them, have secured abundant crops and have husked more than fourteen hundred bushels of corn. Two silos of one hundred tons each are full of the best of ensilage, and the cows look with pleasure upon the liberal herdsman as he gives to them their daily allowance. The reconstructing of the dairy has brought advantages to that department, and the blessing rests upon the whole Community. Light and shade, with its sunshine and clouds move with us on our journey tlirough this world. We have had great pleasure in seeing the wild and the cultivated flowers as they have blossomed from early spring till late in the fall, but they are all gone and may be to prepare more beauty for the new spring and summer that is soon to be with us. The flower garden,is it still with us,after so many of its beautiful plants have been plucked up by the roots, to spirit them away? And here comes a pleasing contrast. Some of the children are already wishing for a 'good big snow-storm so that we can bring out our sleds,' and the churches are looking forward to the winter for a season of religious revivals. God is good! 'Who soweth good seed shall surely reap.' 'The year grows rich as it groweth old; And life's latest sands are its sands of gold.' H. C. Blinn. Enfield, N. H. Nov. 1895. What exalted thoughts entrance our mind as we view a glorious sunset. Surely no picture of nature can be grander, unless it be the brilliant autumnal foliage. As the component parts of nature aid in beautifying and enriching the world, one season depending upon the other for its contributions; even so the varied qualities of the human mind are necessary to complete the perfect whole; and godly THE MANIFESTO. 283 patience is one of the essential powers to mature the strong, immortal life of Cliristliness, that can withstand, unmoved and unrelenting as a rocky ledge, the surging billows of ungodliness that heat against it. Under the ministration of perfect patience we endeavor to 'Strive well for every fair, adorning grace, For healthful growth of body, soul and mind; For love, in which all beauty is combined. In true self-culture, sin we may not trace, In lovely lives, it has no part nor place.' Human life is a pilgrimage, and it may be well to add to our zeal the leaven of Christian ambition, ever remembering it was the cheerful, devoted giver, endowed with a penetrating sight of the world's needs, of those minds who have caught the heavenly message of full resurrection from the soil of iniquity and founded our homes with the view of bettering humanity. May we work with as consecrated a purpose, and move with the inspiration that 'God helps those who help themselves.' With the ending of the harvest season, we realize a harvesting of good results, not only in the record of farm products, but our religious and educational services have yielded blessed fruits of strong faith and moral activity. Though the harvest season is past, there is still work for busy hands, and souls who seek for the graces of a Christ-like spirit. Fall ploughing, also the filling of our average contract of eight hundred corn planters is in active operation. There has been prepared for the market one thousand lbs. of beet seed, also fifteen hundred lbs. each of yellow dock and burdock root. Happy indeed are they who combine with willing service of the hands, full consecration of the mind and soul. George H. Baxter.