Books and Papers. Number in Nature, an Evidence of Creative Intelligence 'Number in Nature, an Evidence of Creative Intelligence,' is a Lecture delivered by Edward White, at New College, London, England. It is not strange that the Editor should have selected this interesting address to help strengthen his position, in cumulative evidence in favor of a Creative intelligence and in opposition to those who say, 'There is no God.' When a man dwells on the right side he is quite sure to dwell safely and feels the undoubted assurance in his own mind. The many illustrations drawn from mechanism, from chemistry, from astronomy as well as from vegetation and from the plumage of birds, are each and all wonderful steps of in. telligence that lead up to God. Send for this little work at a price of only five cents and read this beautiful lesson of Creative Intelligence. H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. The Standard Dictionary The Standard Dictionary 'is illustrated with a number of colored (plates,a novel featureexecuted in Prang and Co.'s best style. The plate of gems and precious stones is one of the most beautiful specimens of the lithographer's art ever turned out. The two volumes of the work contain altogether about 5000 illustrations, including a number of full page pictures. Those at horse, dog, fowl, seals, sheep, and swine, and like words are practical and valuable. An important feature for the scientific reader in this connection is the exact definition of the six primary colors of the spectrum, containing the analysis of several hundred shades and tints. Many thousand samples were considered and carefully compared by Professors Hallock and Gordon of Columbia College, in perfecting the color plate and in preparing the table of some 400 formulas which accompany the spectrum plate. This beautiful and instructive color plate under Spectrum was made by LiPrang and Co. of Boston, in more than 50 separate lithographic printings and at a cost of several thousand dollars.'