NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. October. Thermometer. Bain. 1894. 50.36 3.75 in. 1895. 44. 4 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 64 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 26 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 5 '. ' clear ' ' ' 15 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 1 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 10 C. O. Heed. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. North Family. Nov. 1895. Little has transpired in our peaceful mountain home that would gratify the external mind, but much has been granted to us from the Giver of all good, that would nourish and uplift mind and soul. The 4th ult. we received a pleasant call from Elder George Wilcox and Elder Thomas Stroud, who enriched us with the love of true hearts. For a short period we had to use a steam motor for shirt work, but upon the 12th the long looked for rain refreshed the earth and enabled us to again use water power. October 14th the District school opened. The school house had previously undergone repairs and re-arrangements to better adapt it for the accommodation of boys and girls in separate class rooms. Following carpenter and painter, Sister Amelia Calver's deft fingers added many appreciated touches in preparation for the new teachers, Ezra J. Stewart, Grace Ada Brown and Annie R. Stephens. Sister Grace Ada Brown, recently from Long Island has had large experience as principal in public schools and is well qualified to instruct advanced classes. Courteous manners and sound morality are a part of the lessons daily inculcated. The long expected volume of poems entitled 'Mount Lebanon Cedar Boughs,' has just come from the press, it is a neat and handsomely bound book of three hundred and sixteen pages and well represents the work of many gifted persons. We have already had many subscribers and hope to have the patronage of many more. We are more than pleased to say that although we are now entering upon the severe winter season, yet we feel we are in the spring of our hopefulness. We believe that a new age is dawning wherein we shall see the spirit of brotherly love rule the hearts of mankind, 'Mercy and truth meet and righteousness and peace kiss each other.' Belle Rullhausen. Shakers, N. Y. Nov. 1895. We have lately been much interested in the perusal of 'Emerson's Essays.' The thoughts given and the style of expression prove him to be an illuminated soul, a true prophet that had already caught a 280 TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 28 L glimpse of the dawning day. His essays would make interesting and instructive reading for lyceums and self-improvement societies for the coming winter. The past season witli all its drawbacks has been generally a prosperous one. The crop of apples was fair but not as large as the previous season. Hay very light crop, but potatoes the best for several years; corn good. So we can with grateful hearts render thanksgiving for the blessing we are under and to remember the poor and needy. We have an occasional visit from the 'Little Sisters of the Poor,' a charitable institution located in Albany; their work is commendable as it is given free depending upon contributions for support. Of the new varieties of sweet corn that we have tested the past season, we have not found one that equaled' in quality the 'Country Gentlemen,' a variety introduced the past season. It is a late variety and for a family garden can not be surpassed. The Burpee's Dwarf Lima Bean still proves a valuable acquisition, being a true Lima, enormously productive and of excellent flavor. We are at present enjoying beautiful autumn weather very desirable for the completion of fall work, but are needing rain. At present date Nov. 3rd we have had but one slight flurry of snow. Hamilton DeGraio.