HARMONY OF THOUGHT. By Hamilton DeGraw. TT^HE world's 'Congress of Religions' held in Chicago in 1893, was for JL the purpose of bringing together the discordant views in religious matters and causing them to work harmoniously in the endeavor to uplift mankind to a higher plane of thought than the one now occupied. The one whom the Christian world looks to as their supreme example and pattern gave a clear and definite statment of what constituted religion in its most comprehensive meaning,'Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this; to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction and keep himself unspotted from the world.' Is it possible to bring about a perfect spirit of concord in the religious thought of mankind? We think it is, and may say that we know it is, judging from the advance that has already been made; but not by an entire obliteration of the diversity of thought and independent line of action that is needed to keep up the different degrees of growth from the apparently discordant of now, into the more perfectly harmonious future. In civilized society are needed numerous departments or offices to make the wheels run smoothly as it would be impossible for one finite mind to grasp the whole universe. But there need be no discord, for harmony can rule even this diversity. It is the goal of attainment that commands the soul's energies ; that quickens the pulse, and causes us to struggle with the powers of darkness that overshadow and enshroud the soul in its primitive, undeveloped state, although the line of action pursued may be as varied as each individual entity, in matters of detail. An anonymous writer has written a work entitled 'The Gospel in Pagan Religions ;' It being a review of the work done and views advanced by the delegates of the so-called Pagan religions at the 'Congress of Religions.' We exclaim with Galileo, 'The world moves.' Fifty years ago conceit and self-righteous assumption would have made it impossible for any one out of the circle of orthodoxy to have had a hearing if advocating contrary views of the religious duty of man, yet at the present time the fact is being conceded that there is not, and can not be a monopoly of the truth. Here is what the author has to say. 'There is back of all the great ethnic religions the universal religion which infuses into them all a soul saving stream of the waters of life.' Our spiritual exampler has told us, 'except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the Scribes and Pharisees ye shall in no wise enter into the kingdom of heaven.' And except the so-called Christian nations have something of more practical value, that gives a higher tone of thought and makes that thought felt for the betterment of human conditions, the claims THE MANIFESTO. 271 of superiority are but a sham, and the professions are as but 'sounding brass and a tinkling symbol.' The religious thought of the world is becoming more critical, demanding not merely a blind faith in dogmas that in their very best estate were nothing but the shell of a profession and at present the soul life has departed leaving them to become death masks burdening and retarding the quickened spirit in its struggles after the living bread and waters of life. In the construction of immense armaments of war, inventors steadily make improvements that are rendering them more terrific and horrible in their deatli dealing, and Christian (?) nations take the lead. We do not write with the spirit of the pessimist believing that the tide of human progress is ebbing; not by any means. Slowly but surely, through a mighty struggle against demoniac forces in man, the higher life,the promptings of his better nature are calling him upward to leave the animal and sensuous as not worthy of his companionship. In this struggle to attain unto the goal of human redemption from the influences that draw us downward there is no sect or party, but 'all who fear G-od and work righteousness are accepted.' Here is what the Divine Spirit through the medium of some of the advanced Hindu teachers have given their people. 'I am in every religion as the thread through a string of pearls, and wherever thou seest extraordinary holiness and extraordinary power, raising and purifying humanity know ye that I am there.' When the holy spirit at the time of the Pentecostal baptism descended upon the multitude and in tongues of fire proclaimed the truth of the Brotherhood of man, it made those assembled with their different nationalities and beliefs 'of one accord,' so that none could say they held in a selfish sense the blessings granted to them, but only as stewards they used them for the good of the whole world as occasion required. Would that the closing years of the nineteenth century with its strikes, lockouts and enforced labor unions, compelled from necessity to combine for protection against rapaciousness of the modern Shylocks, could receive a baptism of that divine Spirit poured out in its fullness, making them realize the superiority of the divine Brotherhood over the barbaric strife at present existing. But mankind must suffer until it is weary of the senseless strife of factions and classes, and is ready to accept the truth. We will work and wait for the blessed harvest. Shakers, N. Y.