MOTHER ANN LEE'S MISSION. By Martha J. Anderson. THE grandeur and importance of the life and mission of Mother Ann Lee. can only be comprehended and appreciated by those whose spiritual experience has opened to them the avenues of interior vision and revelation which brings them in rapport with the same Christ heavens whence came her baptism and anointing. The carnal or natural man can not perceive spiritual things. That the coming of a woman in whom should be manifest or reflected the glory of the Son of man as prophesied in Scripture, no one can dispute; and no doubt there have been interpolations that have made some passages not only obscure, but have entirely obliterated the original meaning. The daughter and the bride are frequently spoken of, but, in order to continue masculine supremacy, priests and commentators have construed them to mean the church. In Mother Ann Lee's life and mission, we see much of the fulfillment of prophecy, as we carefully read and judge. Many female messiahs have arisen who have laid claim to the high titles of the 'Woman clothed with the Sun,' 'the Bride of the Lamb,' etc. and no doubt their mediumistic qualities and a measure of the Spirit given through special gifts have made them ministers to certain classes of people, but their works have ceased and their converts scattered. The fruits of the system brought forth by Ann Lee and her noble brother co-laborers, who embodied and exemplified the spirit and life of the divine Fatherhood revealed through Jesus, the head and chief corner stone of the first Christian Church, have been purity, love, peace, good-will and unselfish communism, Math the equality of the sexes, and a holy spiritual relation in every domain of life. There may be a greater than she yet to come, a still more glorious embodiment of the Divine Motherhood, or a re-embodiment of her own progressed individuality in a more perfect development. There is ever increasing truth to be made manifest among her children according to their growth and desire for more light; she fixed no bounds for revelation or advancement. None have as yet eclipsed her highly illumined soul-life, or the inspired testimony that rent the veil of the covering that was upon all nations, ('the secrecy enshrouding the carnal life') and wrought in all who received the new life a great salvation, even power over sin and sensuality that dominates the natural man and woman and beclouds their spiritual natures. By her faithfulness and obedience, by self-abnegation and devotion to others, (through the higher law of loving service,) by the persecution, imprisonments and deprivation she steadfastly endured for the promulgation of the truth, and the testimony of Christ against the hidden works and abominations of fallen man, which have ever sowed the seeds of discord and strife in the 276 THE MANIFESTO. earth. For her deep suffering and incessant labors in striving for the regenerate life, she became a spiritually illumed, refined and sanctified soul. 'A chosen vessel unto tne Lord' to do his will and work 'his strange work and bring to pass his act, his strange act' that the word of tlrj Lord to Teremiah might be fulfilled. 'The Lord hath created a nsw thing in the earth, a woman shall compass a man.' The church of the first Christian Dispensation, founded by the immediate followers of Jesus, was masculine in spirit and government, yet it was but the first fruit of the seed-sowing of the God-man, imperfect and incomplete, but a degree forward on the dial toward the iipw age of perfect fitness aud unfoldment. There was yet need for the exemplificatiQii of a more perfect order of human society, spiritually, intellectually and socially ; forming a true household of communistic relation where the mother should stand in her lot and place as the dispenser of true love and saving grace, which flows through the Heavenly Maternal Spirit uplifting souls to the new life. 'The virgins her companions follow her' in the regeneration, they are the children of the King, the Father and head of the church or association forming the Melchisedec Order. 'Hearken O Daughter and consider and incline thine ear, forget also thine own people and thy Father's house, so shall the King greatly desire thy beauty, He is thy Lord worship thou Him.'Psa. xlv., 10. Did not Ann Lee forsake her own people and country with its oppression, in obedience to the Heavenly vision and come to a hind where a great nation was struggling to obtain freedom from the yoke of bondage? Thus the Spirit of God widely directed them, that they might in due time enjoy freedom of conscience and religious liberty. And again was fulfilled the prophecy 'Behold I will allure and bring her into the wilderness (a new country) and speak comfortably to her; and 1 will give her vineyards from thence, and the valley of Achor for a door of hope (confession of sin) and she shall sing there as in the days of her youth.'Hos. ii., 14. Through her baptism was renewed the ministration of the father spirit which was manifested in her noble co-workers, they were indeed men to be wondered at. Rising superior to sinful passions and selfish desires, they were imbued with the new life which comes through the conservation of force ; and were empowered with strength to successfully lay the foundation of the Spiritual Order. Almost superhuman physical labor, combined with spiritual and mental exercise wrought wonders in a short time, buildings were erected by their own hands, virgin soil was cleared and believers in Mother's testimony were comfortable in homes of the united inheritance. The real mission of Ann Lee was to uplift and release woman from the tfiralldom of sin and set her in her proper place as the helpmeet and equal co-worker with man in all the duties and services of life. She struck the THE MANIFESTO. 277 key-note to woman's emancipation, and it has sounded through the world ever since her message of truth was given. The order and governmentm the church of her planting,was designed to be equal with the sexes. Steps in advance need now be taken to perfect it. Woman should have a voice in financial affairs, in order to maintain the equilibrium of forces, and to conserve the spirit of our institution which fosters no speculation, incurs no debts, and practices economy in all things, that there may be a substance secured for generations to come. All hail the dawning of the age of conservation and of reconstruction. The Father and Mother spirit brood over all, to the bringing forth of order, harmony and the perfect exemplification of love, to be made manifest in every domain of active service in life. We honor the past, glory in the present and look forward with hope to the future. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.