THE MILLENNIUM. ONE of the evidences of the millennial age will be, no doubt, 'Peace on earth, good-will to men.' Wars, and rumors of wars will have passed away and whoever enters that order which heralds the incoming of the spirit of Christ will be known as a peace worker among men. A profession which savors more of words than of good works can have but little direct influence in reclaiming that which has wandered from the light, or in redeeming the mind from error. Our aim should be high above the earth. Nothing short of the testimony which became the very spiritual life principle of Jesus the Christ should satisfy those who have been called to walk in righteousness and peace. 'There shall be nothing to harm nor hurt,' says the prophet, 'in all God's holy mountain.' Swords will be made into ploughshares and spears into pruning hooks. This is certainly a foreshadowing of a peaceful reign on earth, and quite as clearly that the Lord's people will become an agricultural and a fruit growing people. Everything that tends to elevate the race and to make the human family more deeply and strongly, the active friends of humanity, will aid us in approaching that state which has sometimes been termed the millennial age. Those who take pleasure in wandering among the mazes of prophetical numbers have, seemingly, made themselves wise in ascertaining a correct (?) solution of the prophetic mind and in becoming able to establish with but few shadows of doubt the precise time for the introduction of a thousand years. The same time if spent in active labors for the better education of the morally and spiritually ignorant would, no doubt, have brought the millennium much nearer to our doors. One of the strongest evidences that we can have of the honesty of a religions belief is the preparation that is made for the great f.nd wonderful event. Those who anticipate the near approach of some national holiday are not slow or careless in regard to the duties requisite to an honorable reception, and a Christian who would do less in the preparation for the great day of the Lord, would be a feeble specimen of that consecration which demands all that a man hath, soul, body and spirit, and less worthy to share in the blessings of God. One of the good preachers that came from the wilderness of Judea, has said :'Repent, for the kingdom of God is at hand. Prepare the way and make his paths strait.' Faithful souls who have heeded this voice of warning have made strait paths by confession and repentance. THE MANIFESTO. 279 God's kingdom came, and it came to dwell among men, and was in their souls the new, the heavenly Jerusalem. The same voice of the spirit continues to seek for repentant souls and to help them on toward God by frequent baptisms and by a faithful continuance in well-doing. The same kingdom of God is near at hand and demands the same earnest attention in the making of strait paths, and in the forming of pure hearts. This divine manifestation makes for each individual that season of rest which has so long and so earnestly been anticipated, and which has been called the glorious reign of a thousand years. We need the millennium. We need to see the dawning of that new day that was foretold by the prophet when 'the Lord shall be unto thee an everlasting light and thy God thy glory.'Isiah, lx., 19. The stolid ignorance which is displayed concerning the advent of this most beautiful period of time is certainly one of the great wonders of the By some classes however, this work is supposed to be near at hand, 'when the knowledge of the Lord shall cover the earth as the waters cover the sea,' when the wicked shall all be destroyed and the righteous only shall inherit the earth. Others put this wonderful day afar off. A few only manifest much anxiety about any special preparation for the event. Preaching and praying has occupied a part of the time, but buying and selling, marrying and giving in marriage as they did in the days of Noah, has occupied still more of the time, and the beauties and glories of the great millennium have been left for some more future generation. This may be accounted for in part, as we learn how brutal and warlike man has always been toward his brother man. How, even under a religious discipline, his life has been one of sensuality and of great cruelty. The greed for power and the spirit to dominate for selfish interest has through all the history of man had a wonderful influence on the mind and as often resulted in making this world a place of unnecessary afflictions and physical torment, instead of making it as it should be, a paradise of God. H. C. Blinn.