Books and Papers. Number in Nature, an Evidence of Creative Intelligence 'Number in Nature, an Evidence of Creative Intelligence,' is a Lecture delivered by Edward White, at New College, London, England. It is not strange that the Editor should have selected this interesting address to help strengthen his position, in cumulative evidence in favor of a Creative intelligence and in opposition to those who say, 'There is no God.' When a man dwells on the right side he is quite sure to dwell safely and feels the undoubted assurance in his own mind. The many illustrations drawn from mechanism, from chemistry, from astronomy as well as from vegetation and from the plumage of birds, are each and all wonderful steps of in. telligence that lead up to God. Send for this little work at a price of only five cents and read this beautiful lesson of Creative Intelligence. H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. The Standard Dictionary The Standard Dictionary 'is illustrated with a number of colored (plates,a novel featureexecuted in Prang and Co.'s best style. The plate of gems and precious stones is one of the most beautiful specimens of the lithographer's art ever turned out. The two volumes of the work contain altogether about 5000 illustrations, including a number of full page pictures. Those at horse, dog, fowl, seals, sheep, and swine, and like words are practical and valuable. An important feature for the scientific reader in this connection is the exact definition of the six primary colors of the spectrum, containing the analysis of several hundred shades and tints. Many thousand samples were considered and carefully compared by Professors Hallock and Gordon of Columbia College, in perfecting the color plate and in preparing the table of some 400 formulas which accompany the spectrum plate. This beautiful and instructive color plate under Spectrum was made by LiPrang and Co. of Boston, in more than 50 separate lithographic printings and at a cost of several thousand dollars.' Mount Lebanon Cedar Boughs 'Mount Lebanon Cedar Boughs.' This beautiful little volume is before us, having just been published by the Paul Book Co. of Buffalo, N. Y. These original Poems were collected among the Believers of the North family at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. and are 'Affectionately dedicated to our spiritual kindred of the Household of Faith, and to yearning souls in the wide, wide world.' Already the Book has met with a favorable reception and having as it does a very attra ctive binding, it will make a present for the Holidays. It contains over 300 pages. Price $1.50. Address all orders to Anna White, Mt. Lebanon, Col. Co., N. Y. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy for October lias interesting articles in reference to the 'Invalids' Home,' and to the 'Last Annual Reunion.' The Journal is also beautifully illustrated in connection with these anniversary exercises, which gives us a much more pleasant introduction to the people and their place of abode. Not only are the good Physicians introduced to us but an illustration of the 'Invalids' Home' is presented and also an illustration that would make glad the heart of the animals' friend, George T. Angell. With this we also wish abundant peace and prosperity for all the dear friends who are working in the interest of humanity. Health Monthly Dr. Foote in the 'Health Monthly' for November has a long article on the 'Diseases of the Kidneys.' Information obtained from reliable medical Journals on this and kindred subjects, gives that information which is so much needed by every person. Pleasant Hours for Boys and Girls Young people will find much to interest and please them in the November number of Frank Leslie's Pleasant Hours for Boys and Girls. There is a capital short story by Oliver Optic; an article giving some excellent hints for boys on buying and using a gun, by Wilt P. Pond; an interesting description of an incident of the war, by J.Frederick Thorne; a valuable paper on 'Children in Japan,' by A. B.de Guerville; an illustrated poem about an arithmetical puzzle, by Clifford Howard; a story for very little folks; a description of a new and exciting game for boys; several illustrated jingles, and a number of puzzles; while the two serial stories by Edward S. Ellis and Jeannette H. Walworth continue with increasing interest. A unique feature of this magazine, which starts in the November number, is the editor's talks about the new books for boys and girls, in which he points out what is best in the late juvenile publications. The number is splendidly illustrated. Cosmopolitan A complete and immediate revolution of the transportation methods, involving a reduction of freight charges on grain from the West to New 'York of from 50 to 60 per cent, is what is predicted in theNovember Cosmopolitan. The plan proposes using light and inexpensive corrugated iron cylinders, hung on a slight rail supported on poles from a cross-arm the whole system involving an expense of not more than fifteen hundred dollars a mile for construction. The rolling stock is equally simple and comparatively inexpensive. Continuous lines of cylinders, moving with no interval to speak of, would carry more grain in a day than a quadruple track railway. This would constitute a sort of grain-pipe line. The Cosmopolitan also points out the probable abolition of street-cars before the coming horseless carriage, which can be operated by a boy on asphalt pavements at a total expense for labor, oil and interest, of not more thai one dollar a day. This Country of Ours It is announced that ex-President Benjamin Harrison is engaged in writing a series cf 290 7 RE MANIFES TO. magazine articles for The Ladies' Home. Journal in which periodical they will begin in the December number. The series will be called, 'This Country of Ours,' and will consist of ten articles and probably more. The papers are being written by General Harrison especially for women, to meet a growing, widespread desire on their part to intelligently understand the workings) of our Government and the great National questions. It will be the aim of the articles to explain in the clear and concise style for which the ex President is famous just what the United States Government means; the origin and also the meaning of the Constitution; how laws are enacted and enforced; what the powers of the President and other officials are; what the judiciary system means; how our foreign relations are brought about and their meaning; how Congress and the Senate legislate,in fact, a complete explanation of the Government told in a popular way. General Harrison writes the articles from the standpoint of a citizen who understands. They have no bearing on politics whatever. While directly intended for women, the articles will naturally have a much broader scope and likewise interest men, and especiallyyoung men. The Boston Post The Boston Post has just issued a new type book containing specimens of 332 different styles of type, which it has assembled for the convenience of its advertisers. The type book is a very artistic publication in colored covers and contains sixty-seven large pages of specimen types, many of them very novel, artistic and effective. In fact, it would seem as if the Post had at its disposal an entire foundry of display types. They vary from the Diamond type, which almost requires a magnifying glass to read, to a type over eight inches deep. In addition to the types, there is a bewildering collection of eighty-one different kinds of borders, and a large variety of circles, ovals and other typographical material. This type book is unquestionably the most elaborate and artistic publication of its kind in the country. The Post's advertising de partment in its composing room is said to be the best equipped in New England. The latest type books of the Globe contain 225 types, the Herald 221 types and the Post 332 types. Such a publication marks not only the persistent enterprise of the Boston Post, but also indicates the great advance now being made in the way of artistic and effective advertising. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health In The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for November, many important elements of dramatic talent are illustrated in a phrenograph of Mme. Janauschek, the famous actress, by Dr. Edgar C. Beall, who has made a personal examination of the tragedienne. This should interest not only theatrical people, but all lovers of the drama and of course all students of scientific character reading. Mr. (jreorge C. Bartlett in his third European letter gives a most charming description of Switzerland, including the ascent of Mont Blanc, and a walk through the vale of Chamonix. 'Temperament and the Teeth,' by Allison It. Law she is a finely illustrated article showing the characteristics of the teeth in the four principal temperaments. It is a novel contribution to the literature of phrenology. Mrs. Commelin continues her phrenological romance. Dr. Drayton learnedly discusses 'Practical Psychology.' Speeches at the opening of the American Institute of Phrenology make an interesting feature. Prol. Nelson Sizer writes in his happiest vein of the German Emperor's children. In the hygienic department several physicians discuss the 'Imx)ortance of Water,' 'Animal and Vegetable Poods,' 'Intemperance and Suicide,' 'Cousin Marriages,' etc. The editor philosophizes on 'Economics in Mentality,' announces a phrenological centennial, and finds Tolstoi a disbeliever in immortality. New York: Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 27 East Twenty-first street. $150 per year. 15 cents per single copy.