Books and Papers. Number in Nature, an Evidence of Creative Intelligence 'Number in Nature, an Evidence of Creative Intelligence,' is a Lecture delivered by Edward White, at New College, London, England. It is not strange that the Editor should have selected this interesting address to help strengthen his position, in cumulative evidence in favor of a Creative intelligence and in opposition to those who say, 'There is no God.' When a man dwells on the right side he is quite sure to dwell safely and feels the undoubted assurance in his own mind. The many illustrations drawn from mechanism, from chemistry, from astronomy as well as from vegetation and from the plumage of birds, are each and all wonderful steps of in. telligence that lead up to God. Send for this little work at a price of only five cents and read this beautiful lesson of Creative Intelligence. H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. The Standard Dictionary The Standard Dictionary 'is illustrated with a number of colored (plates,a novel featureexecuted in Prang and Co.'s best style. The plate of gems and precious stones is one of the most beautiful specimens of the lithographer's art ever turned out. The two volumes of the work contain altogether about 5000 illustrations, including a number of full page pictures. Those at horse, dog, fowl, seals, sheep, and swine, and like words are practical and valuable. An important feature for the scientific reader in this connection is the exact definition of the six primary colors of the spectrum, containing the analysis of several hundred shades and tints. Many thousand samples were considered and carefully compared by Professors Hallock and Gordon of Columbia College, in perfecting the color plate and in preparing the table of some 400 formulas which accompany the spectrum plate. This beautiful and instructive color plate under Spectrum was made by LiPrang and Co. of Boston, in more than 50 separate lithographic printings and at a cost of several thousand dollars.' Mount Lebanon Cedar Boughs 'Mount Lebanon Cedar Boughs.' This beautiful little volume is before us, having just been published by the Paul Book Co. of Buffalo, N. Y. These original Poems were collected among the Believers of the North family at Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. and are 'Affectionately dedicated to our spiritual kindred of the Household of Faith, and to yearning souls in the wide, wide world.' Already the Book has met with a favorable reception and having as it does a very attra ctive binding, it will make a present for the Holidays. It contains over 300 pages. Price $1.50. Address all orders to Anna White, Mt. Lebanon, Col. Co., N. Y. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy for October lias interesting articles in reference to the 'Invalids' Home,' and to the 'Last Annual Reunion.' The Journal is also beautifully illustrated in connection with these anniversary exercises, which gives us a much more pleasant introduction to the people and their place of abode. Not only are the good Physicians introduced to us but an illustration of the 'Invalids' Home' is presented and also an illustration that would make glad the heart of the animals' friend, George T. Angell. With this we also wish abundant peace and prosperity for all the dear friends who are working in the interest of humanity. Health Monthly Dr. Foote in the 'Health Monthly' for November has a long article on the 'Diseases of the Kidneys.' Information obtained from reliable medical Journals on this and kindred subjects, gives that information which is so much needed by every person. Pleasant Hours for Boys and Girls Young people will find much to interest and please them in the November number of Frank Leslie's Pleasant Hours for Boys and Girls. There is a capital short story by Oliver Optic; an article giving some excellent hints for boys on buying and using a gun, by Wilt P. Pond; an interesting description of an incident of the war, by J.Frederick Thorne; a valuable paper on 'Children in Japan,' by A. B.de Guerville; an illustrated poem about an arithmetical puzzle, by Clifford Howard; a story for very little folks; a description of a new and exciting game for boys; several illustrated jingles, and a number of puzzles; while the two serial stories by Edward S. Ellis and Jeannette H. Walworth continue with increasing interest. A unique feature of this magazine, which starts in the November number, is the editor's talks about the new books for boys and girls, in which he points out what is best in the late juvenile publications. The number is splendidly illustrated. Cosmopolitan A complete and immediate revolution of the transportation methods, involving a reduction of freight charges on grain from the West to New 'York of from 50 to 60 per cent, is what is predicted in theNovember Cosmopolitan. The plan proposes using light and inexpensive corrugated iron cylinders, hung on a slight rail supported on poles from a cross-arm the whole system involving an expense of not more than fifteen hundred dollars a mile for construction. The rolling stock is equally simple and comparatively inexpensive. Continuous lines of cylinders, moving with no interval to speak of, would carry more grain in a day than a quadruple track railway. This would constitute a sort of grain-pipe line. The Cosmopolitan also points out the probable abolition of street-cars before the coming horseless carriage, which can be operated by a boy on asphalt pavements at a total expense for labor, oil and interest, of not more thai one dollar a day.