GOD'S TRUE WITNESSES. By Lucy S: Bowers. 'Acquaint thyself with God if thou would'st taste His works. Admitted once to his embrace, Thou shalt perceive that thou wast blind before, Thine eyes shall be instructed, and thine heart Made pure, shall relish, with divine delight Till then unfelt, what hands divine have wrought.' GOD'S light and truth are eternal; from time immemorial they have ex isted, and through a glorious future will continue to live; they have been felt and known in the hearts of all races of mankind in different degrees from the beginning, increasing in fulness of revelation according to the dispensation and spiritual capacity of the people. DECEMBER 268 THE MANIFESTO. In all ages there have been spiritual heroes, those who have defended with their lives, the cause of right; having received a baptism that revealed to them the presence of surrounding evils, the harm of false creeds, and the necessity of an increase of moral development they had to contend against opposing multitudes and stand and work alone, truly such are God's mediators. It has been with many as it was with Jesus who said ;'If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto me.' Glory and honor to those who can thus endure the test! 'Out of suffering have ever emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seamed with scars : martyrs have put on their coronation robes glittering with fire, and through tears have the sorrowful first seen the gate of heaven.' Behold the uplifted cross on which the courageous would not recant; the dungeon cells in which God-loving hearts would not faint; think of the gardens of Gethsemane, the holy Mounts and lonely wildernesses from which have arisen the prayers of everlasting faith. 'Not a truth has to art or to science been given, But brows have ached for it, and souls toiled and striven.' This is the testimony of all whose consciences have led them on, who for truth's sake have submitted themselves a full consecration. Such may have the satisfaction of knowing, as some writer has expressed it, that 'what subsists to-day by violence, continues to-morrow by acquiesence and is perpetuated by tradition, till at last the hoary head of abuse shakes the gray hairs of antiquity at us and gives itself out as the wisdom of the ages.' Among these sterling characters who have received divine revelation and become living witnesses for God, is the founder of our organization ; a woman whom we do not worship but whose memory we cherish with de^p aud profound love, and of whom we often speak. Having been shown the depth of human loss she determined to make restoration of purity, and liberty from the thralldom of sin in her own soul and teach and lead others; 'He that overcometh has power in the nations.' He that reigns within himself and rules passions, desires and fears is more than a king. 'Jesus took the human to exhale an atmosphere of God that should fill and finally renew creation, bathing all climes and times and ages with its ineradicable power.' This same atmosphere through the spiritual powers of Ann Lee has been re-exhaled and renewed, and is destined to bathe all climes and bring into perfection the lives of all mankind. Prominent among the teachings of this inspired woman, exceeding in beauty and outreaching all former comprehensions was the sublime idea of the maternal spirit in Deity. 'How much he knew of the human heart who first called God, Our Father;' how much she knew of the human heart who first called God, Our Mother. Intelligence, power, majesty, protectionlove, pity, tenderness, sympathy, these combined reveal duality;Our Heavenly Parentage. Not, Father God and Mother Earth, for every circling star is THE MANIFESTO. 269 controlled by dual forces and so is everything mineral, vegetable or animal upon the earth. 'Sweet is the image of the brooding Dove! Holy as Heaven, a Mother's tender love!' Love is the crowning grace of humanity ; the holiest right of the soul; the redeeming principle, and is prophetic of eternal good. When this idea is fully received and practically demonstrated by the controlling minds in the land, then will the governmental and ecclesiastical arrangements of society be rightly proportioned and improved. Ann Lee taught and renewed the principle of oral confession of sin, true repentance of, and conscientious abstinence therefrom. She taught virgin purity which should elevate souls above the plane of generation into the sphere of angelic holiness where they could mingle and commingle their gifts with the holy hosts of heaven and enjoy while on earth salvation and peace. A modern exhorter has felt the divinity of this truth and expressed it in these words; 'In the power of the Spirit of God we realize the oneness of the church both in heaven and in earth, and the spirits of just men and women made perfect are in union with us. No gulf divides the militant from the triumphant; we are one army of the living God. We sometimes speak of the holy dead, but there are none such; they live unto God.' Ann Lee had a few followers and friends, as did Jesus, his disciples; all of whom were stigmatized as fanatics and suffered trials, persecution and imprisonment. When they left their homes on the transatlantic they saw nothing before but a weary waste of waters, and a new -country beyond, but were led on by the light of the promise of God on which they firmly relied. Under the rule of a free government the way opened and in that faith that is mighty to overcome they conquered all inward and outward foes and conditions and founded indeed a new order. 'The truth can not be burned, beheaded or crucified. A lie on the throne is a lie still; and truth in a dungeon is truth still; and the lie on the throne is on the way to defeat, and truth in the dungeon is on the way to victory.' It is good to follow in the well-beaten track of self-denial and moral heroism, not with blind credulity, but with minds of understanding to carry on the work of righteousness wisely, earnestly as others have done, and thus be able to bequeath to future generations an increased heritage of glory. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.