LIGHT-SPIRITUAL AND NATURAL. By Alonzo G. Hollister. AN inspired apostle tells us 'God is Light, and in Him is no darkness.' The light referred to is spiritual light, which is communicated from mind to mind and from thought to thought, without the intervention of material sight. Matter can not propagate it, obstruct, nor obscure it; neither can it increase nor diminish it. But light which is visible to the natural, is a figure or symbol of moral and spiritual light, which is the light of intelligence, seen only with the eyes of the mind in which thought originates. Light is propagated only in straight lines; it can not shine through a crooked hole. Only certain forms of matter will transmit light and these are translucent or transparent, such as water, air, glass and certain gems. We say of an honest, frank, generous, open hearted person, such a one is transparent. Of a deceitful, selfish, designing person, we say in our hearts if not audibly, such are dark, treacherous and need watching to avoid trouble with them. All mankind have by nature a dark side and a light side. The appetites ME. 274 THE MANIFESTO. and passions of the being that belong to the dark side of human nature, the side that seeks concealment, either from a sense of propriety or of shame, or to gain undue advantage over others, have their seat in the lower half of the body, and in the base and back part of the brain. They are self-active, and blind to everything but their own gratification and the means to obtain it. Not that one part of the body is morally better than another, nor that the passions and appetites are evil in themselves, except they have been made so by excess or by perverted or unlawful use. They are the force-giving faculties, which build and sustain the vital economy in its rela ions to the world of matter. Primary reference is made to these in the command to replenish. When they are perverted to a dishonorable use, those who do so seek to hide from the mental which reproves and discloses the origin and vile character of their motives. If any one questions the propriety of alluding to the inferior parts of the body in a religious talk, on the ground of liability to fix the thoughts of some minds unfavorably constituted, on subjects antagonistic to purity of heart and religious devotion, they thus prove their own assent to the condemnation that virtue and godliness place upon certain motives and conduct which gives inferior parts of the body undue prominence and allows them to dominate with tyranical sway over the superior. This is an inversion or subversion of the true order of man's creation and government, and the chief cause of man's perplexity, in not comprehending the oracles and commands of God, given for his spiritual illumination and direction. It is our duty to remove this excitability to wrong and perverte.l action, by bringing all our conduct into that light which shines in appointed agents, and abstaining from impure thoughts and from all actions which this light condemns, till all desire to do them is overcome and destroyed. This can be done, for it has been done by many, and is being done. It is a most glorious emancipation and conquest, leading to unbounded freedom of joyous exultation and serviceable comradeship. The upper half of the body and the top and front of the brain represent the light side of humanity. Are the seat of the faculties of reasoning intelligence, virtuous and pure affections and of all that is noble, dignified, commendable and commanding in the human character. It is formed to rule over and give law to the dark side and never to sink into servile subjection. We do not seek to hide these, as something that will procure us dishonor, unless they are engaged in dishonorable service to the dark and baser part. We know that the more of the light side we can manifest, the better we feel and the more we are loved and appreciated by our fellows, or by those whose love and esteem is of greatest worth. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.