Hasting's birthday book Hasting's birthday book, other short stories; an illustrated Christmas poem by G. A. Davis; the continuation in 'A l;luek\ Fight,' by Euward S. Ellis, and 'i hree Little' Heroines,' by Jeannette H. Walworth; the description of a novel game, an 1 a, story for little folks—all handsomely illustrated. The editor chats entertainingly an i wisely aoout the new books for boys and girl-,, and there are a number of puzzles. Is a dainty booklet printed in light blue, salmon-pink and giay tones—a splendid illustration of the beauties of art applied to printing—The Ladies' Home Jouksal announces some of its leading literary and artistic features for 1SV6. There will be a series of papers upon the domestic and social side of Washingtun uy General A. W. Greely, U. S. A.; another by~Ex-i'resident Harrison, telling of 'This Country of Ours;' a third by Mary Anderson de Mavarro, who writes of her stage experiences, her struggles for recognition and artistic triumphs, with a supplemental article telling of her life and surroundings to-day. In a lighter vein, Mary E. Wilkins will present a series of '.Neighborhood Types' papers, pen pictures of quaint and familiar personages— Ae'.v Enghuuiers; and Jerome K. Jerome will reflect old England life in a number of 'Stories of the Town'—stories of London—in his inimitable, crisp style. 'William the Conqueror,' Rudyard Kipling's most fascinating romance, is also among the features for 1896, and Julia Magruder's delighting serial, 'The Violet,' will continue through a considerable poition of the year. Besides these two popular authors there will be short stories by Bret Harte, Lilian Bell, Ian Maclaren, Sophie Swett, Frank R. Stockton, Sarah Orne Jewett, R. 0. V. Meyers, Will N. Harben, Caroline Leslie Field, Jane Austen (posthumous) and other prominent writers. Dr. Parkhurst will write a series of forcible articles for youngmen, applicable to their daily life, while the girls will be written to by Mrs. A. D. T. Whitney, and Edith X. Thomas, the gifted poetess, will be represented by her finest verse and prose. James Whitcomb Riley will contribute a number of poems, varied in theme and treatment. In its musical offerings the Journal will be unusually replete. Among the best things promised is a minuet by Paderewski, the famous pianist; a waltz by John Philip Sousa, the 'March King;' compositions by Sir Arthur Sullivan, composer of '¦Pinafore,' 'Mikado,' etc.; Reginald de Koven, composer of 'Robin Hood,' 'Rob Roy,' etc.; Edward Jakobowski, Bruno Oscar Klein and others. There will be instructive musical treatises by Mine. Melba Mme. Blauvelt, Mine. Clementine de Vere Sapio, Mrs. Hamilton Mott, Miss Maud Powell, Benjamin Davits, Ch-arles Adams, Thomas a'Becket, Frederic Peakes, George Chadwick and others. Artistically the Journal gives, rich promise, and during the next year will present •leveral groups of Kate Greenaway's bonhie little people; Charles Dana Gibson's best work on new lines and gome of Albert Lyneh's newest creations. W. L. Taylor, W. T. Smed- ley, W. Hamilton Gibson, Alice Barber ¦ tephens, William Martin Johnson, EricPape, \V. A. Rogers, Reginald Birch, Frank 0. Small, ;;. West Clinedinst, T. de Thulstrup, A. B. Frost, E. W. Keinble, Irving R. Wiles, Abby K. Underwood and other artists of such commanding prominence will contribute their h aest drawings. In its departments the Journal promises to be stronger than ever, and n.ore comprehensive in its scope of practical in formation. In this direction it will print a series of Illustrated articles on home building, giving plans and details for the construe tion of medium-size houses. The Ladies' Home Journal for 1896, in fact, will be complete, and uniquely so. 'The Hasting's Birthday Book.' With a well filled library of beautiful books and even including the great, the ponderous Dictionary and also the great and much to be desired illustrated Bible, there would still be an unfinished set of books if the ready reference of the Birthday Book was not to be found at our right hand. This little book of some four hundred pages has a fund of choice selections and something well worth remembering for every day in the year, and an ample space for the inseition of any name with necessary dates that may be wanted to make up a pretty and interesting little volume. A nice Photograph of the Author accompanies each book and his venerable and silent presence may have a loving and salutary effect upon all who hold in remembrance the names of near and dear friends. Published at 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass.