NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. North Family. Dec. 1S95. The lights and shadows of autumn have passed and though the wintry days are upon us, yet in our beautiful home we are sheltered from the bleak storms of earth in more than an external sense. The warmth of loving hearts and the light of a hope immortal, give constant cheer and are an incentive to our best efforts to increase the kingdom of heaven 'within and among us.' We have many applications to share of our bounties with the needy. The destitute from adjacent towns, church members too, pass by their fellow Christians to get more generous supplies from the Shakers who, they have long since learned, will never turn the needy unaided away. Late rains have filled the springs, insuring us a comfortable water supply for the winter. Among the special blessings we have to recount, is the preservation of the village school-house with its valuable furnishings of books and charts. On Nov. 26, a little past the noon hour as the teacher, Sister Ada Brown entered the school-room (a little earlier than usual) she was startled by smoke and flame coming up through the register. Through her presence of mind in immediately closing doors and windows and throwing on the water at hand she was able to check the flame and summon assistance barely in time to save the building. Cause of lire was unprotected wood casing too near the large new furnace. Repairs have been made with greater security for the future. Through correspondence we learn of some who appear to be seeking the higher life. May we be prepared to minister to those who ask, is our prayer. We extend greetings of peace and good-will to all with best wishes for a happy New Year. Sarah J. Burger South Family Dec. 1895. All Eight! 'When we write right, we do right. When we write to right wrong we do right. Hence a writer may be a writer of right, or a writer of wrong, and write all right. These aphorisms teach us to be sure and write right.' The drought so much feared is wholly cancelled by the copious rains of the few past weeks, and again 'the rivers are full and the streams running over.'' An old well was discovered recently by explorers who were searching for new water veins. It was found at a depth of three feet below the surface, covered with a door which was in perfect preservation. The well has been in existence for over one hundred and twenty years, and was probably built by the inhabitants who owned the land long before the Shakers possessed it. This water supplied an old barn above our buildings, which is also over one hundred years old and is still in good condition,— sheltering the herds on a thousand hills. The northern part of the Office has been improved by the addition of a vestibule TERMS. 18 THE MANIFESTO. 8x15 ft. Elder William Anderson and Br. Conrad Human have, been making preparations for a berry festival in the future. The past week they have set out over nine hundred vines of the rasp and blackberry varieties. 'May the Lord bless every plant.' We find the 'Mount Lebanon Cedar Boughs' highly entertaining. Who can tell how many Lebanon Cedar Boughs were used in the building of King Solomon's Temple? Genevieve DeGraw Center Family Dec. 1895. Thkee months have elapsed since there have been any Home Notes from this fami- ly. There is always enough to write about if some one would apply their time and energy in that direction. Now you see, dear Editor, I have made an indirect confession of dereliction of duty. We had a fair crop of pears which brought good returns for labor expended; no plums worth speaking of, but apple crop quite large, the quality I think was not so good as in former years. Corn of the sweet variety was an average crop. In Bro. Alonzo's recent letter to you he made mention of my having been on a tour to the West and that I might have something to say. It is true, I have made a kind of flying trip through Ohio, D. C. and Pa., my first stopping-place being Circleville, the center of a great sweet corn industry, where some thousands of tons are canned annually to supply the middle and southern markets. I made a short stay in Chillicothe, thence to Union Tillage, being met at Lebanon, Ohio by Eld. J. R. Slingerland, Edward Ayers and Eldress Emily Robinson and was soon conveyed to the home of the Believers. The village is located on elevated land lying between the little and big Miami rivers, one of the richest portions of the state, but the long drought had spoiled the beauty of the place. There was nothing green or growing. Dry and withered grass met the eye on every side. The Brethren had set out a large orchard of apple and peach trees in alternate rows, but owing to the dry weather they had made but a small growth. I was pleased with the order and neatness everywhere visible, especially in the well-kept buildings. The Office, notably, is a very fine house with all modern improvements; it was indeed, quite a luxury to be so comfortably domiciled. Common corn, I am told, was a large crop this year, some having eighty bushels to the acre; but wheat was a failure. I traveled almost the whole length of the state and was seldom out of sight of corn. On my way home, I took in Washington, D. C. and made a run through most of the public buildings, the Treasury, War and Navy, the Patent Office and the Fishery Department; also the galleries of the Senate Chamber and House of Representatives where many hard fought battles have been waged in behalf of freedom: and yet more need to be fought for justice and right. I also went into the Corcoran Art Gallery which is said to be one of the finest displays of the sculptor's art there is in any place in this country. A new building is now being erected to take the place of the present one, that being too small to meet the pressing demands of the people. My way led through Philadelphia, and I visited Horticultural Hall in which was a magnificent display of palm trees, and such a wealth of chrysanthemums I never before beheld. After visiting friends in the city, I made a hasty journey across New Jersey into New York, where I made a few calls and hastened toward home, where I arrived on Tues., Nov. 29, having traveled about 1500 miles. Although it is wearisome to travel long distances, yet I felt well repaid. Timothy D. Rayson Harvard, Mass. Dec. 1895. We are now standing upon the twelfth steppingstone that makes up the year's eir THE MANIFESTO. 19 cuit, ready to take another step when Father Time presents it to us. The past month little has transpired of interest but to the actors No more burglaries with us, but much work of the kind in towns adjoining, so much so that it is not safe to leave a room unlocked for five minutes. Winter preparations completed, and the farmers are busy cutting fuel, fine days, and husking corn when stormy. Winter is upon us with its pains and pleasures, and we are peacefully enjoying its comforts with 'malice toward none and good-will toward all.' Health of society excellent. Marcia M. Bullard