Center Family Dec. 1895. Thkee months have elapsed since there have been any Home Notes from this fami- ly. There is always enough to write about if some one would apply their time and energy in that direction. Now you see, dear Editor, I have made an indirect confession of dereliction of duty. We had a fair crop of pears which brought good returns for labor expended; no plums worth speaking of, but apple crop quite large, the quality I think was not so good as in former years. Corn of the sweet variety was an average crop. In Bro. Alonzo's recent letter to you he made mention of my having been on a tour to the West and that I might have something to say. It is true, I have made a kind of flying trip through Ohio, D. C. and Pa., my first stopping-place being Circleville, the center of a great sweet corn industry, where some thousands of tons are canned annually to supply the middle and southern markets. I made a short stay in Chillicothe, thence to Union Tillage, being met at Lebanon, Ohio by Eld. J. R. Slingerland, Edward Ayers and Eldress Emily Robinson and was soon conveyed to the home of the Believers. The village is located on elevated land lying between the little and big Miami rivers, one of the richest portions of the state, but the long drought had spoiled the beauty of the place. There was nothing green or growing. Dry and withered grass met the eye on every side. The Brethren had set out a large orchard of apple and peach trees in alternate rows, but owing to the dry weather they had made but a small growth. I was pleased with the order and neatness everywhere visible, especially in the well-kept buildings. The Office, notably, is a very fine house with all modern improvements; it was indeed, quite a luxury to be so comfortably domiciled. Common corn, I am told, was a large crop this year, some having eighty bushels to the acre; but wheat was a failure. I traveled almost the whole length of the state and was seldom out of sight of corn. On my way home, I took in Washington, D. C. and made a run through most of the public buildings, the Treasury, War and Navy, the Patent Office and the Fishery Department; also the galleries of the Senate Chamber and House of Representatives where many hard fought battles have been waged in behalf of freedom: and yet more need to be fought for justice and right. I also went into the Corcoran Art Gallery which is said to be one of the finest displays of the sculptor's art there is in any place in this country. A new building is now being erected to take the place of the present one, that being too small to meet the pressing demands of the people. My way led through Philadelphia, and I visited Horticultural Hall in which was a magnificent display of palm trees, and such a wealth of chrysanthemums I never before beheld. After visiting friends in the city, I made a hasty journey across New Jersey into New York, where I made a few calls and hastened toward home, where I arrived on Tues., Nov. 29, having traveled about 1500 miles. Although it is wearisome to travel long distances, yet I felt well repaid. Timothy D. Rayson