Enfield, N. H. Dec. 1895. A happy New Year, and may it prove one vich in blessings to all the readers of our Manifesto. What glorious as well as ctark records of human experiences, the tablets of memoiy reveal as year after year rolls on; hkstori; s of obedience to, and violation of God's commandments. From the commencement of impeachable history down to the present era of facts, we can trace the line of obedience to divine and civil laws and to religious faith. As a class of religionists, 'We know that man's creed floes not n utter So long as his deeds .-,,ienk •!:' Go.i, So long as his aim is to scatter The seeds of right living abroad.' Such a life teaches us that obedience to what we know is right, is the school-master that classifies truth from error; and each generation demands new methods for unfolding truth. 'As the dead boughs pass away, fresher will the living grow.' The New Year will no doubt give us ample opportunity to respond to the netils of our fellow-beings-, thus calling into action the divinity of our natures. As we obey the call; 'Feed my lambs,' we gild each day's goodness with the gold of sweet consolation, thus enriching our own and other's lives. We have recently enjoyed the pleasure of entertaining our venerable Br. Sullivan Wright of East Canterbury. As he related his varied experiences,—within and without Zion—we were not merely inter- ested but benefited also; his words of wisdom falling into receptive minds, stimulated to newness of life and singleness of purpose. He has attained the advanced age of eighty-seven years, is still hale, hearty and happy, full of godly zeal and soul content. What a beautiful example of righteousness, and how true that such a life is the most effective preaching of the gospel of Christ. True, 'faith without works is dead.' 20 THE MANIFESTO. May the New Year at its close have credited to our account a larger and better list of good works. George H. Baxter. The North family at this place have a herd of some thirty-three cows. Catching the influences that are abroad in the air among farmers, that there are advantages to be derived from being polled, they hired a man who, for a mere pittance deprived the whole herd of their ornamental horns. The operation was performed very expeditiously while the cows were standing in their usual places in the stable. We learn that no harm, as yet, has followed this heroic practice, and as the poor creatures are not permitted to speak, we may never know the whole of the story. H. C. Blinn