NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. North Family. Dec. 1S95. The lights and shadows of autumn have passed and though the wintry days are upon us, yet in our beautiful home we are sheltered from the bleak storms of earth in more than an external sense. The warmth of loving hearts and the light of a hope immortal, give constant cheer and are an incentive to our best efforts to increase the kingdom of heaven 'within and among us.' We have many applications to share of our bounties with the needy. The destitute from adjacent towns, church members too, pass by their fellow Christians to get more generous supplies from the Shakers who, they have long since learned, will never turn the needy unaided away. Late rains have filled the springs, insuring us a comfortable water supply for the winter. Among the special blessings we have to recount, is the preservation of the village school-house with its valuable furnishings of books and charts. On Nov. 26, a little past the noon hour as the teacher, Sister Ada Brown entered the school-room (a little earlier than usual) she was startled by smoke and flame coming up through the register. Through her presence of mind in immediately closing doors and windows and throwing on the water at hand she was able to check the flame and summon assistance barely in time to save the building. Cause of lire was unprotected wood casing too near the large new furnace. Repairs have been made with greater security for the future. Through correspondence we learn of some who appear to be seeking the higher life. May we be prepared to minister to those who ask, is our prayer. We extend greetings of peace and good-will to all with best wishes for a happy New Year. Sarah J. Burger South Family Dec. 1895. All Eight! 'When we write right, we do right. When we write to right wrong we do right. Hence a writer may be a writer of right, or a writer of wrong, and write all right. These aphorisms teach us to be sure and write right.' The drought so much feared is wholly cancelled by the copious rains of the few past weeks, and again 'the rivers are full and the streams running over.'' An old well was discovered recently by explorers who were searching for new water veins. It was found at a depth of three feet below the surface, covered with a door which was in perfect preservation. The well has been in existence for over one hundred and twenty years, and was probably built by the inhabitants who owned the land long before the Shakers possessed it. This water supplied an old barn above our buildings, which is also over one hundred years old and is still in good condition,— sheltering the herds on a thousand hills. The northern part of the Office has been improved by the addition of a vestibule TERMS. 18 THE MANIFESTO. 8x15 ft. Elder William Anderson and Br. Conrad Human have, been making preparations for a berry festival in the future. The past week they have set out over nine hundred vines of the rasp and blackberry varieties. 'May the Lord bless every plant.' We find the 'Mount Lebanon Cedar Boughs' highly entertaining. Who can tell how many Lebanon Cedar Boughs were used in the building of King Solomon's Temple? Genevieve DeGraw