SMILES OF THE FATHER By Abraham Perkins TO us as a peculiarly favored people, I realize that the genuine gospel of Christ has 'been revealed and mercifully given, and power abundantly bestowed, giving an exceedingly great salvation. Our God has been sought and has been found; and to every one whose rnind is continually stayed on him he has been an everlasting strength. In his law there is no change; in his character no variableness nor shadow of turning. His word is truth, his promises reliable and ever put into execution. Obedience to that law is, and ever has been, our blessing and salvation. Zion has never been left in orphanage. Although for a small moment the good Lord may hide his face to prove the integrity of souls, his watchful, protective eye is ever over his elect to uphold and sustain the revelation which has ever been the ruling and guidmg star of the Shaker Church. Our sky may often be overcast, yet there has always been a rift in the cloud, through which has beamed degrees and advances of light which have hitherto been our preservation and rock of safety. Would we find growth of soul and fruits of the Spirit, whatever the circumstances, what the obstacles and trials, never give place to discouragement, halting or doubting. Revelation is too palpable, evidences too great to question the designs of the Almighty or the providences of God in his care and superintendence which He exercises over his creatures. We may feel our many imperfections and our great wants. Thus the Spirit convicts and the good Lord deals with us for salvation, crying—'Ask and it shall be given you; seek and ye shall find; knock and it shall be opened unto you.' Therefore, 'Fear not, little flock, for it is your Father's good pleasure to JANUARY, 1896. 4 THE MANIFESTO. give you the kingdom.' Unto Zion has the Lord dealt graciously. No people have been so abundantly illuminated and favored as the present generations. Not alone have the heavens stooped to redeem and comfort, but the earth has arisen to aid, to help and to magnify the restoration of man. Rejoice ; increasing glory awaiteth Zion ! East Canterbury, N. H.