Books &amp; Papers Popular Monthly The Christmas number of Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly is already out, and will hardly be surpassed in richness and beauty of pictorial illustration, or in seasonable variety of literary contents, by anything that mayfollow during the holiday season. The opening article, upon 'Heroines and Heroine Worship,' affords a vehicle for nearly a score of exquisite reproductions from the old and modern master-painters. A similar opportunity is found in the intensely poetic story by A . Cressy Morrison, of 'The Man who Resembled Christ,' which in addition is illu-tnited with some original drawings of rare delicacy. In 'The City of Dordrecht,' George (J. Unite fairly revels in the picturesque, giving us eight of his loveliest aquarelle.-.. The great literary feature of the number is Tolstoi's latest story, 'Master and Man,' specially translated from the Russian for Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly, and illustrated by Fogarty. A charming novelty is 'A Daughter of the Samurai,' by Teiichi Yamagata, being an up-to-date Japanese love story written in English by a Japanese author. Amongst other contributions deserving special mention are 'Heroines of Chivalry,'by Mrs. Frank Leslie; 'Literary Boston,'by Lillian Whiting 'The St. Nicholas Society,' by Wilf P. Pond ; 'How the Wixes Joined the Four hundred.' by A. Oakey Hall; and 'A Legend of Jeanne d'Arc,'—the latter being a poem by Francois Coppee. Pleasant Hours for Boys and Girls 'How to Win at Football' is one of the interesting features of the Christmas number of Frank Leslie's Pleasant Hours for Boys and Girls. It is by Wilf. P. Pond, and gives some good siiggestions for the formation of a football team that would be almost invincible. Another valuable article is 'The Children of Corea,' by A. B. de Guerville; Then there is a Christmas story by Judith Spencer; Hasting's birthday book Hasting's birthday book, other short stories; an illustrated Christmas poem by G. A. Davis; the continuation in 'A l;luek\ Fight,' by Euward S. Ellis, and 'i hree Little' Heroines,' by Jeannette H. Walworth; the description of a novel game, an 1 a, story for little folks—all handsomely illustrated. The editor chats entertainingly an i wisely aoout the new books for boys and girl-,, and there are a number of puzzles. Is a dainty booklet printed in light blue, salmon-pink and giay tones—a splendid illustration of the beauties of art applied to printing—The Ladies' Home Jouksal announces some of its leading literary and artistic features for 1SV6. There will be a series of papers upon the domestic and social side of Washingtun uy General A. W. Greely, U. S. A.; another by~Ex-i'resident Harrison, telling of 'This Country of Ours;' a third by Mary Anderson de Mavarro, who writes of her stage experiences, her struggles for recognition and artistic triumphs, with a supplemental article telling of her life and surroundings to-day. In a lighter vein, Mary E. Wilkins will present a series of '.Neighborhood Types' papers, pen pictures of quaint and familiar personages— Ae'.v Enghuuiers; and Jerome K. Jerome will reflect old England life in a number of 'Stories of the Town'—stories of London—in his inimitable, crisp style. 'William the Conqueror,' Rudyard Kipling's most fascinating romance, is also among the features for 1896, and Julia Magruder's delighting serial, 'The Violet,' will continue through a considerable poition of the year. Besides these two popular authors there will be short stories by Bret Harte, Lilian Bell, Ian Maclaren, Sophie Swett, Frank R. Stockton, Sarah Orne Jewett, R. 0. V. Meyers, Will N. Harben, Caroline Leslie Field, Jane Austen (posthumous) and other prominent writers. Dr. Parkhurst will write a series of forcible articles for youngmen, applicable to their daily life, while the girls will be written to by Mrs. A. D. T. Whitney, and Edith X. Thomas, the gifted poetess, will be represented by her finest verse and prose. James Whitcomb Riley will contribute a number of poems, varied in theme and treatment. In its musical offerings the Journal will be unusually replete. Among the best things promised is a minuet by Paderewski, the famous pianist; a waltz by John Philip Sousa, the 'March King;' compositions by Sir Arthur Sullivan, composer of '¦Pinafore,' 'Mikado,' etc.; Reginald de Koven, composer of 'Robin Hood,' 'Rob Roy,' etc.; Edward Jakobowski, Bruno Oscar Klein and others. There will be instructive musical treatises by Mine. Melba Mme. Blauvelt, Mine. Clementine de Vere Sapio, Mrs. Hamilton Mott, Miss Maud Powell, Benjamin Davits, Ch-arles Adams, Thomas a'Becket, Frederic Peakes, George Chadwick and others. Artistically the Journal gives, rich promise, and during the next year will present •leveral groups of Kate Greenaway's bonhie little people; Charles Dana Gibson's best work on new lines and gome of Albert Lyneh's newest creations. W. L. Taylor, W. T. Smed- ley, W. Hamilton Gibson, Alice Barber ¦ tephens, William Martin Johnson, EricPape, \V. A. Rogers, Reginald Birch, Frank 0. Small, ;;. West Clinedinst, T. de Thulstrup, A. B. Frost, E. W. Keinble, Irving R. Wiles, Abby K. Underwood and other artists of such commanding prominence will contribute their h aest drawings. In its departments the Journal promises to be stronger than ever, and n.ore comprehensive in its scope of practical in formation. In this direction it will print a series of Illustrated articles on home building, giving plans and details for the construe tion of medium-size houses. The Ladies' Home Journal for 1896, in fact, will be complete, and uniquely so. 'The Hasting's Birthday Book.' With a well filled library of beautiful books and even including the great, the ponderous Dictionary and also the great and much to be desired illustrated Bible, there would still be an unfinished set of books if the ready reference of the Birthday Book was not to be found at our right hand. This little book of some four hundred pages has a fund of choice selections and something well worth remembering for every day in the year, and an ample space for the inseition of any name with necessary dates that may be wanted to make up a pretty and interesting little volume. A nice Photograph of the Author accompanies each book and his venerable and silent presence may have a loving and salutary effect upon all who hold in remembrance the names of near and dear friends. Published at 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for December begins with an illustrated phrenograph from a personal examination of the famous New York lawyer, Dr. William J. O'Sullivan, which is not only a close analysis of the gentleman's character, but contains also information pertaining to the talents required by the legal profession in general. It will be read with especial interest by all law students as well as practic- ing attorneys. Mr. George C. Bartlett concludes his tour in Switzerland. 'Practical Psychology,' by Dr. H. S. Drayton, is the continuation of a valuable series especially adapted for teachers and philosophical students. 'What Your Palm tells,' by Dora M. Morrell, describes a number of the most important and easily observed signs of character in the form of the hand. Dr. Beall gives an interesting study of the Duke and Duchess of Marlborough with two handsome engravings illustrating the art of reading character from photographs. The novelette, 'A Phrenologist's Prediction,' by Anna Olcott Commelin, is concluded. In the department of Child Culture, Prof. Nelson Sizer describes 'Precious Treasures in Earthen Vessels,' w7ith several illustrations and valuable advice to mothers. 'A Study in Sociology,' 'Another Drink Cure,' 'A Game that Cultivates Courtesy,' are features of the Science of Health Department. In the editorial pages a prospectus of many new things for the coming year is given. A national phrenological convention ir&gt; honor of Dr. Gail's centenary is proposed for 1896. Mrs. Charlotte Fowler Wells announces her forthcoming book of phrenological biography and the editor pays his respects to phrenologisal skeptics by contrasting two portraits of widely dissimilar heads. New York: Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 27 East Twenty-first street. $1.50 per year. The Millennial Kingdom The Millennial Kingdom is an astonishing book which shows that we Americans, are the Lost Ten Tribes of Israel, and are to rise to high spiritual light and lead the world in the Millennial Kingdom on earth 1,000 years. Death will cease. People will live hundreds of years like a tree. (Isaiah lxv., 20, 22.) Its preparation is causing present commotion. Letters from Jerusalem. Many subjects. Intensely interesting. 300 pages. Paper bound 50 cts. Cloth, $1.00. Send stamps to Redding (author) Navarre, Kansas.24 The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. yovtnr ber. Contents. Life Science Papers; Solteir ing Water; Medical Science: The Science of Phrenology; Prof. Pasteur's Work; A Horticultural School for Girls; Health Topics, etc. Dr. T. V. Gifforcl &amp; Co., Kokomo, lml. The Funk &amp; Wagnalls Company celebiated on November 27th, the first anniversary of the completion of their 'Standard Dictionary,' by putting to press the SOth thousand of thii grea't work. This is a very large number of dictionaries to print in a single year. The publishers' mathematician has figured out that, if these 90,000 sets were piled flat one upon another, they would reach nearly seven miles in height; and. the printed pages, if laid end to end, would extend over 40,000 miles, one and three fifths times around the globe ! But the most significant of the triumphs of the first year of this remarkable dictionary andthe most gratifying to Americans, is the wonderful reception given the work by the most exacting of the linguistic critics in England. Especially is this so when we remember how reluctant, naturally enough, the English are to look to a foreign country for a dictionary of their own tongue. It is something extraordinary for an American work of this kind to elicit words of such enthusiastic praise as those uttered by such scholars of the Oxford University as Professor Sayceand Max Muller, and well-known scholars of other English universities and such journalistic critics as those of the London Standard, Saturday Review, Notes and Queries, Nature, London Times, Westminster Review Atlitnaum, Mark-Lane Express, Scotsman, Liverpool Post, St. Jame's Budget. The latter closes his critical review with the following superlative indorsement: 'To say that it is perfect in form and scope is not extravagance of praise, and to say that it is the most valuable dictionary of the Eng lish language is but to repeat the obvious. The Standard Dictionary should be the pride of literary America, as it is the admiration of literary England.' May the triumphs of the second year of this Dictionary equal those of the first; they could not well exceed them! Another feature of this first anniversary of the publication of the Standard Dictionary was the forwarding, from the Pennsylvania depot for Michigan, of a big freight car loaded wholly with Standard Dictionaries. Large letters on muslin across the sides of the car told the public of the contents. Editorial rooms of the Standard Dictionary. To the Editor:—A very grave 'wrong is being perpetrated against the American public by a reprinter of one of the English competitors of the Funk &amp; 'Wagnalls Standard Dictionary—a wrong that cannot be excused by the exigencies of commercial rivalry. As is well known, in all unabridged dictionaries it is necessary to give the definitions of certain indelicate words. Eighteen of these words (selected out of a vocabulary of over 300,000 terms in the Standard) have been collated and printed with their definitions by the reprinter of this English dictionary, and circulars containing them are being distributed among teacheiT, school trustees, and parents all through this country, stirring up a iilthy agitation that will end, unless irowmd down by the public prtss and other leaders of public opinion, in setting people of prurient minds and childien everywhere to ransacking dictionarits ior this class of words. One of these publications contains such outrageously unjust comments as the following: 'About two years ago the publishing house of Funk &amp; Wagnalls brought into the world a monstrosity entitled the Standarn Dictionary of the English Language.' 'So far as relates to its collection of obscene, filthy, blasphemous, slang, and profane words, it has no cc untupart in dictionaries of the English Language.' It is but iair to the press and scholars of England to say that the English critics have in no way seconded this unfair as- sault, but are unanimous in the most unqualified indorsement of the American work, the Standard Dictionary, expressing in many ways the same opinion as that of the St. James's Budget [weekly edition of the St. James's Gazette,] London, which said: 'To say that it is perfect in form and scope is not extiavaganee of praise, and to say that it is the most valuable Dictionary of the English language is hut to repeat the obvious. The Standaid Dictionaiy should be the pride of literary America as it is the admiration of literary England.' The utter insincerity of this attack on the Standard is seen in the fact that nearly every one of these 18 words is in the English work which is published by this reprinter, and it contains other words so grossly indelicate and withal so rarely used as to have heen txeludtd from the Standard and from nearly all the other dictionaries. Fiitten out of the eighteen words (and others of the same class) are, and properly so, in the Century Dictionary, and they are to be found, with scarcely an exception, in every other reputable unabridged dictionary, and this class of words is invariably recorded in the lead- ing dictionaries of all languages. Since this gross attack has been made wehave submitted to Charles A. Dana and to a number of well-known educators the question whether we committed an error in admitting into the Standard this class of words. The answer has been without an exception, 'You did not.' The fact is, extraordinary care was used by the editors of the Standard 'to protect the language.' Of the more than 500,000 words collected by the hundreds of readers employed to search all books of merit from Chaucer's time to the present, over 200,000 were excluded wholly from the vocabulary; hence there was no need and no effort to pad the vocabulary. The rules of exclusion and inclusion were most carefully made and rigidly enforced. A most perplexing problem from beginning to end was how to reduce the vocabulary, not how to enlarge it. Compression was carried by many devices to the extremest degree. The editors who passed upon the admission of words numbered over one hundred of the best known writers and scholars in America and England. To accuse such men of 'fllthiness' is to do a wrong of the gravest degree. It is the business of a dictionary to record words, not to create, nor fco destroy them; to a.iswer inquirers concerning the spelling, pronunciation, and meaning of all words that are used to any considerable exttsnt, not to obliterate those it does not fancy. Whether a word has a right fco exist or not, the final arbiter is the people, not fie dictionary. The dictionary, as says Trench, should be the inventory of the language, and, as says the Encyclopedia Britannica under the term DICTIONARY, it 'should include all of the words of the language .... A complete and Standard Dictionary should make no choice. Words obsolete and newly coined barbarous, vulgar, and aifected, temporary, provincial, and local, belonging to peculiar classes, professions, pursuits, and trades, should all find their place,—the only question being as to the evidence of their existence,—not indeed, all received with equal honor and regard, but with their characteristics and defects duly not- ed and painted out.' Improper or indelicata words, when it was found necessary to admit them into the Standard, were blacklisted as low, vulgar, slang, and printed in small type. It did not saem to the editors that an unabridged dictionary could go further without justly incurring blame. To collect from such a work words of the class referred to and publish them is as great an outrage as to collect from the Bible tha many indelicate words and passa^es to be found there, or those from Shakespeare (some of these 18 words are found both in the Bible and in Shakespeare,) and then to print and scatter abroad the collection, saying: 'See what a foul book is the Bible; see what an obscene and blasphemous work is Shakes- peare.' The publication and distribution of th.353 circulars is a gross assault upon public decency. An agent who attempts to exhibit such a printed circular surely should not be listened to for a moment; he is a public enemy, and should be turned from every decent door. The old story will be remembered of a woman accosting Samuel Johnson, shortly after his dictionary had been p wished, with, 'Doctor Johnson, I am so uorry that you put in your dictionary tl\e naughty words.' 'Madam', retorted the Doctor, 'I am sorry that you have been looking for them.' Respectfully, I. K. Funk. OUR HOLIDAY NUMBER Will reach our readers in time for our 'Holiday Greeting,' as well as for your holiday purchases. Word and Works is always on time, like Mr. Hick's storm predictions. Our advertisers have caught the spirit, and are offering 'timely' Christmas and N'ew Year's gifts in our columns. Our agents who are working for 'premiums,' will be delighted to find our 'Premium List' in this number. (January, 1896.) Help yourselves, friends, and help others at the same time. The holidays are harvest days also. Agents who are looking for 'snaps' will find one in canvassing for 'Our Family, Its Record to Greatness and Honor,' by Rev. Irl R. Hicks, editor of Word and Works. Get up early and work late. Keep at it all winter, and make money and friends, as you never did before. From this same Publishing Co. of Word and Works, comes 'The Rev. Irl R. Hicks Almanac for 1898. In common with all other Almanacs, the reader will find full information for e'very month, in the rising and setting of the sun and also the varied changes of the moon which becomes so interesting to many minds. The diagrams of the storms and weather forecasts for each month, is a novel feature and will be studied with deep interest by all who are so fortunate as to obtain a copy. Following the table of contents we have, The Evolution of Storms. The Air and the Barometer, 111. Hints on the Telescope, 111. The Monthly Heavens, 111. Cyclones and Tornadoes, 111. etc. etc. The Word and Works Publishing Co. St. Louis, Mo. 2201 Locust St.