NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. North Family. Dec. 1S95. The lights and shadows of autumn have passed and though the wintry days are upon us, yet in our beautiful home we are sheltered from the bleak storms of earth in more than an external sense. The warmth of loving hearts and the light of a hope immortal, give constant cheer and are an incentive to our best efforts to increase the kingdom of heaven 'within and among us.' We have many applications to share of our bounties with the needy. The destitute from adjacent towns, church members too, pass by their fellow Christians to get more generous supplies from the Shakers who, they have long since learned, will never turn the needy unaided away. Late rains have filled the springs, insuring us a comfortable water supply for the winter. Among the special blessings we have to recount, is the preservation of the village school-house with its valuable furnishings of books and charts. On Nov. 26, a little past the noon hour as the teacher, Sister Ada Brown entered the school-room (a little earlier than usual) she was startled by smoke and flame coming up through the register. Through her presence of mind in immediately closing doors and windows and throwing on the water at hand she was able to check the flame and summon assistance barely in time to save the building. Cause of lire was unprotected wood casing too near the large new furnace. Repairs have been made with greater security for the future. Through correspondence we learn of some who appear to be seeking the higher life. May we be prepared to minister to those who ask, is our prayer. We extend greetings of peace and good-will to all with best wishes for a happy New Year. Sarah J. Burger South Family Dec. 1895. All Eight! 'When we write right, we do right. When we write to right wrong we do right. Hence a writer may be a writer of right, or a writer of wrong, and write all right. These aphorisms teach us to be sure and write right.' The drought so much feared is wholly cancelled by the copious rains of the few past weeks, and again 'the rivers are full and the streams running over.'' An old well was discovered recently by explorers who were searching for new water veins. It was found at a depth of three feet below the surface, covered with a door which was in perfect preservation. The well has been in existence for over one hundred and twenty years, and was probably built by the inhabitants who owned the land long before the Shakers possessed it. This water supplied an old barn above our buildings, which is also over one hundred years old and is still in good condition,— sheltering the herds on a thousand hills. The northern part of the Office has been improved by the addition of a vestibule TERMS. 18 THE MANIFESTO. 8x15 ft. Elder William Anderson and Br. Conrad Human have, been making preparations for a berry festival in the future. The past week they have set out over nine hundred vines of the rasp and blackberry varieties. 'May the Lord bless every plant.' We find the 'Mount Lebanon Cedar Boughs' highly entertaining. Who can tell how many Lebanon Cedar Boughs were used in the building of King Solomon's Temple? Genevieve DeGraw Center Family Dec. 1895. Thkee months have elapsed since there have been any Home Notes from this fami- ly. There is always enough to write about if some one would apply their time and energy in that direction. Now you see, dear Editor, I have made an indirect confession of dereliction of duty. We had a fair crop of pears which brought good returns for labor expended; no plums worth speaking of, but apple crop quite large, the quality I think was not so good as in former years. Corn of the sweet variety was an average crop. In Bro. Alonzo's recent letter to you he made mention of my having been on a tour to the West and that I might have something to say. It is true, I have made a kind of flying trip through Ohio, D. C. and Pa., my first stopping-place being Circleville, the center of a great sweet corn industry, where some thousands of tons are canned annually to supply the middle and southern markets. I made a short stay in Chillicothe, thence to Union Tillage, being met at Lebanon, Ohio by Eld. J. R. Slingerland, Edward Ayers and Eldress Emily Robinson and was soon conveyed to the home of the Believers. The village is located on elevated land lying between the little and big Miami rivers, one of the richest portions of the state, but the long drought had spoiled the beauty of the place. There was nothing green or growing. Dry and withered grass met the eye on every side. The Brethren had set out a large orchard of apple and peach trees in alternate rows, but owing to the dry weather they had made but a small growth. I was pleased with the order and neatness everywhere visible, especially in the well-kept buildings. The Office, notably, is a very fine house with all modern improvements; it was indeed, quite a luxury to be so comfortably domiciled. Common corn, I am told, was a large crop this year, some having eighty bushels to the acre; but wheat was a failure. I traveled almost the whole length of the state and was seldom out of sight of corn. On my way home, I took in Washington, D. C. and made a run through most of the public buildings, the Treasury, War and Navy, the Patent Office and the Fishery Department; also the galleries of the Senate Chamber and House of Representatives where many hard fought battles have been waged in behalf of freedom: and yet more need to be fought for justice and right. I also went into the Corcoran Art Gallery which is said to be one of the finest displays of the sculptor's art there is in any place in this country. A new building is now being erected to take the place of the present one, that being too small to meet the pressing demands of the people. My way led through Philadelphia, and I visited Horticultural Hall in which was a magnificent display of palm trees, and such a wealth of chrysanthemums I never before beheld. After visiting friends in the city, I made a hasty journey across New Jersey into New York, where I made a few calls and hastened toward home, where I arrived on Tues., Nov. 29, having traveled about 1500 miles. Although it is wearisome to travel long distances, yet I felt well repaid. Timothy D. Rayson Harvard, Mass. Dec. 1895. We are now standing upon the twelfth steppingstone that makes up the year's eir THE MANIFESTO. 19 cuit, ready to take another step when Father Time presents it to us. The past month little has transpired of interest but to the actors No more burglaries with us, but much work of the kind in towns adjoining, so much so that it is not safe to leave a room unlocked for five minutes. Winter preparations completed, and the farmers are busy cutting fuel, fine days, and husking corn when stormy. Winter is upon us with its pains and pleasures, and we are peacefully enjoying its comforts with 'malice toward none and good-will toward all.' Health of society excellent. Marcia M. Bullard Shakers, N. Y. North .Family. Dec. 1895. We write with the closing month of the year giving us a pleasant greeting; but time is swiftly passing and the year that has gone can never be recalled. Onward must be the motto; those who have wisely improved the time that has been given, happiness is their portion. We notice by The Manifesto, that many of our gospel kindred have passed on to the spirit land. There is a vacancy by the hearth-stone, but we shall meet in the morning light, and we trust and believe that they will minister to their earth kindred in time of need. We would offer a vote of thanks to the Editor aud printers of The Manifesto, for its neat appearance, and to the contrib- utors for the presentation of the truth in a manner that has been most acceptable to intelligent, enquiring minds. November was all that our autumn month could be for the consummation of the work of the season, with rain to fill out the vacancy that existed in the creeks and ponds. By the time these Notes appear, the New Year will have been announced, and may it be one of joy to all of our gospel kindred. Hamilton DeGraw Enfield, N. H. Dec. 1895. A happy New Year, and may it prove one vich in blessings to all the readers of our Manifesto. What glorious as well as ctark records of human experiences, the tablets of memoiy reveal as year after year rolls on; hkstori; s of obedience to, and violation of God's commandments. From the commencement of impeachable history down to the present era of facts, we can trace the line of obedience to divine and civil laws and to religious faith. As a class of religionists, 'We know that man's creed floes not n utter So long as his deeds .-,,ienk •!:' Go.i, So long as his aim is to scatter The seeds of right living abroad.' Such a life teaches us that obedience to what we know is right, is the school-master that classifies truth from error; and each generation demands new methods for unfolding truth. 'As the dead boughs pass away, fresher will the living grow.' The New Year will no doubt give us ample opportunity to respond to the netils of our fellow-beings-, thus calling into action the divinity of our natures. As we obey the call; 'Feed my lambs,' we gild each day's goodness with the gold of sweet consolation, thus enriching our own and other's lives. We have recently enjoyed the pleasure of entertaining our venerable Br. Sullivan Wright of East Canterbury. As he related his varied experiences,—within and without Zion—we were not merely inter- ested but benefited also; his words of wisdom falling into receptive minds, stimulated to newness of life and singleness of purpose. He has attained the advanced age of eighty-seven years, is still hale, hearty and happy, full of godly zeal and soul content. What a beautiful example of righteousness, and how true that such a life is the most effective preaching of the gospel of Christ. True, 'faith without works is dead.' 20 THE MANIFESTO. May the New Year at its close have credited to our account a larger and better list of good works. George H. Baxter. The North family at this place have a herd of some thirty-three cows. Catching the influences that are abroad in the air among farmers, that there are advantages to be derived from being polled, they hired a man who, for a mere pittance deprived the whole herd of their ornamental horns. The operation was performed very expeditiously while the cows were standing in their usual places in the stable. We learn that no harm, as yet, has followed this heroic practice, and as the poor creatures are not permitted to speak, we may never know the whole of the story. H. C. Blinn Shaker Station, Ct. Dec. 1895. 'Trust in God ye faithful souls, trust in Him forever.' How blessed it is to feel that we are under the care of Him 'who doeth all things well.' We delight to think on God's promises to those who obey Him. Let us cling to Him who is our refuge and strength, and by the cross make our lives full of joy and brightness and an honor and glory to Him who has enabled us to be heirs to a kingdom that is eternal in the heavens. Let us 'sow peace and taste its fruitage sweet.' Self-denying efforts bring sweet peace and joy never ending. There is no shield from trouble and sin in a worldly life. Peace reigns with the pure. First pure then peaceable. Let us be sure we are sowing the seeds of truth, purity, kindness and love, which will, with good cultivation, grow and yield a harvest of heavenly treasures.' 'America's largest bell was lately cast in Cincinnati. It weighs 30,000 pounds and cost $16,000. The clapper is seven feet long and weighs TOO pounds. 'The deepest lake in the world is Crater lake in Oregon. It is 2,000 feet deep. From the top of the Crater down to the surface of the lake is 2,010 feet.' 'The specie in the Bank of France is stored in 800 barrels.' 'In Brazil there are said to be 300 dialects and languages spoken by the Indians.' 'The largest nugget of gold was found in Australia.' ****** * To obtain a good supply of eggs in winter, we must have young hens. Pullets hatched in April or May will prove most satisfactory. Variety and plenty of eggmaking material is absolutely necessary. Ground meat, bone, boiled potatoes with wheat bran make the best morning meal. Whole grain should be the feed after the morning ration. Daniel Orcutt East Canterbury, N. H Dec. 1895. Jtjst one word before the year closes We are in harmony with the great body of humanity that is sending out so many hearty good wishes for the 'every body's' and their relations. The sermon that Santa Glaus preaches every year seems to have a wonderful effect upon the minds of both old and young. Impatient thro waiting for his December mission, his words are fully anticipated at an early date and the gifts at his hand are noted in full, long before he sends his message. Well, the snow has made us a visit, and the ice is trying to make itself ready for the sleds and skates that are to be on hand at a moment's warning. The flower gardens look sorrowful. The plants that must be saved, have been whrskt to a more congenial climate where they can bud and blossom to the very great pleasure of their careful attendants, while others are left to endure the severe storms of a long winter. All the birds and bugs and curious little insects have taken leave of us, to await the return of another spring. As we seem to be rather more closely confined to a special location than either a bird or a bug, THE MANIFESTO. we must study to build around us a home that shall be filled with the multiplied blessings of 'God's holy mountain' so that when the storms are without we may sing as does the good Christian, ''December is as pleasant as May.' H. C. Blinn [We place this article in type, agreeably to the wish of the 'new compositor,' as new things in this line may add beauty to the page. Please see if it is not an improvement. Ed.] Alfred, Me. Dec. 1895. I am reminded that before this reaches the readers of The Manifesto, a New Year will have dawned upon us, and the old year will be forever gone. We can not recall it to change our lives, however much we may wish so to do. Happy is the one who has so lived through the past year, that he does not wish to recall the past to undo the wrong committed. Sad is the condition of the man or woman who in looking over the past can find no gains, no victories; nothing but failures. To such an one I would quote the words of Father James,—'It is never too late to cry to God. A soul in the belly of hell can find mercy if he cries to God.' He is Almighty and He will save, if we are willing to be saved. God will never force us into heaven, although he delighteth not in the death of the sinner, still we read that He is a jealous God. He will not accept a divided service. If we love God let us serve Him. If we would enjoy heaven, let us cast from our minds all that is not heavenly and make room in our hearts for the Christ spirit to dwell. He promised his disciples that where he was, there they should be also. If we are truly the disciples of Christ, dying as he died unto sin, and living as he lived unto God, then we may expect to dwell with him. The prudent farmer, or the merchantman, at the close of the year, looks over his store-house, balances his books, settles his accounts and estimates his gains or losses. If such careful reckoning is necessary for the prosperity in temporal affiiirs, how much greater the necessity of a careful inspection of our spiritual ac counts. May we so live that we shall not be ashamed to read our life record. Jack Frost has bridged the streams and ponds much to the delight of the boys. \\Te have a little snow, but not enough for sledding. When we get more we may be thankful. During these cold days our minds often turn to the sunny South, and like the birds would like to migrate for the winter. May peace and prosperity and a deeper baptism of the Holy Spirit attend the inmates of our Zion homes is the New Year wish of our Alfred friends. Fanny Casey Union Village, O. Dec. 1895. Dear Elder Henry:—I read the Home Notes with so much pleasure that I hope this feature of The Manifesto, that his such a pleasant variety, and tells so much news,—and nearly all of it good news — will never be omitted. Of course the spiritual and temporal have to go together, but as the inward, unmanifest, and spiritual, necessarily includes, and originates, all that is manifest and temporal, therefore I hope and pray most fervtntlv, that I may never see the da&gt;, when t! e latter will take precedence of the former. I must confess that I more than endorse the following excerpt from a writer at Alfred in the Nov. number of The Manifesto: 'The body must have food, clothing and shelter. This is necessary and proper, but our greatest anxiety an 1 care is, (should be) for our spiritual welfare. The Spirit mist be fed; and unless we are laying up heavenly treasures, wi; shall surely famish and die—Spiritually.' Well—at last the rain has begun to fall, and we may hope for a breaking up of our water famine. So we had cause for thankfulness on last Thursday, Nov. 28, for quite a quantity of water, and a great many other blessings. We met in response 21 22 THE MA NIFES TO. to the President of the United States and rendered the same. Several of our old barns have been repaired this summer and autumn, through the untiring persever- ance of our good and faithful Elder Joseph. You will learn by the public papers, that our North Union suit has been decided in the Supreme Court in our favor. This ends that wearisome suit and we are devoutly thankful. Within a space of two or three months, two or three Brethren and some five or six Sisters, from 46 down to 11 years of age, have joined our family. This is another cause of great rejoicing among us, and we hope they may all be able to make their calling and election sure by faithfulness in well-doing. The good Sisters gave the Brethren an honorable discharge from the dining room once more, as they have become numerous enough, to man that department. Your humble correspondent just finished a tour of four weeks in that department. We hope to get water enough to supply us for the coming year, from our present arrangements: but to make assurance doubly sure, we are intending to have a well bored next spring, that will place us beyond all risk of a water famine. About half of our hogs are left to us from the ravages of the hog cholera, and this is much better than others fared in this west- ern country. I received your philological papers and will cheerfully reduce them to practice in my articles for the press, if you wish it. To me it seems a clumsy method in comparison with the method of supplying a character for every elementary sound in the language. It is quite a little sacrifice to write on .1x8 paper, but I will have some ready by next time. Oliver C. Hampton White Water, O. Nov. 1895. The Manifesto is a regular and welcome visitor to our home, and no doubt also to the homes of the United Societies of Believers throughout the land. It is ever filled with welcome and cheerful notes and news from some of the members of the great sister and brotherhood of Shakers. In these parts wTe have had a very long dry spell, as the farmers term it, lasting almost five months without interruption causing many of our products to fall short. Wheat sown in the early fall has not come up yet for want of rain, even live stock have had a very hard time. But now the long-wished and prayed-for rain has come, and for nearly twenty-four hours it has been raining without interruption, reminding us again of the fact that the supreme Ruler of the universe, sends us all good and needful things at the proper time, making good these words: 'So long as the earth shall stand, there shall not cease seed-time and harvest;' all we have to do is to learn to labor and wait. The very fact that it rains and that the sun shines upon and for all, is a very strong argument in favor of communistic life, in the dispen- sation of these great blessings. There are no step-children, all share alike. Selfish- ness has no place in nature, except in the heart of man where, on account of his high estate, it ought least to be. John (J. Ludivig. Dec. 1895 In looking over the Nov. number of The Manifesto I find that White Water is not represented, which I think is an oversight. I like to read the home items to know what our gospel Brethren and Sisters are doing. It is encouragement given from the right source. Eecently we enjoyed a visit from two of our Sisters from South Union, and one Brother and four Sisters from Watervliet, O. which was a source of great pleasure. The dry season which has prevailed for so long a time, is at last broken. We are now having an abundance of rain. Some three inches fell at one time. Our crops were injured to some extent by the drouth, but.still we are thankful. THE MANIFESTO. 23 Some improvements are in progress, which take time and money. Our little family numbers nineteen members, and there are about as many Brothers as Sisters. With this little note I want to wish all our gospel friends a happy and prosperous New Year. L. Parker