AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF CHAS. D. HAMPTON OF UNION VILLAGE, O. NO 1. 1710R some time I have attempted to write of the things that were and now . are, but up to the present date have resisted for want of an inspiring gift which is always essential. This establishes confidence and I proceed reasonably certain that as I feel the active, energetic spirit moving me, something of benefit may be produced. In the thirtieth year of my age, surrounded by all that could make life desirable, with every stimulus which could excite genius into action or talents to perseverance; with a good constitution, sound health and a family around me of increasing interest every day, and all my domestic affinities of the most pleasing and engaging character; my temporal affairs prosperous, and the means of enjoying life increasing and also a wide and profitable range of business in my profession. Encompast by all these advantageous circumstances in a pleasant and wealthy neighborhood, I became suddenly the subject of an invisible ministration, unsought for and really unwisht. I had said in my heart, 'Go to now,' let us be wise and gain wealth, and be honorable among men, and let our children be among the favored in the land. I was sailing clown through time in the full 'tide of successful experiment.' Every day added stimulus to the joys anticipated good, and every hour riveted tighter, the bands that bound my soul to the god of this world. It was painful to be disturbed in my speculations and the dread of poverty was an utter abomination and not to be tolerated for a moment. But the magical wand of the angel, at first, touched me lightly and sweetly and caused me to love him before I suspected who he was, and bound my soul in chains before I knew whither he was leading me. His attentions were assiduous and he placed such subjects before the view of my mind, as were wisely calculated to enlist my respect and reverence. He seemed to enlarge and expand the capacity of my mental vision and opened to my view the most alluring prospects of social union and delight. He seemed to extend the field of my powers of thinking and reasoning in every possible direction. The political world with all its ruthless scrambling after a momentary popularity for personal advancement, and individual selfish interest, and the whole tenor of its ulterior attainments, with its ultimate 10 THE MANIFESTO. rewards, were opened to my view with the most astonishing clearness an:l the most minute perspicuity. The whole Christian world from the time of the Nicene council in A. D. 325 to the present day was laid open to my inspection, as tho laid out on a well-formed chart, and I was regularly and almost imperceptibly led along down the line of the ecclesiastical history, to the rise of the witnesses of truth in Fox, Burroughs and the other distinguished reformers of that age and thence on, down thru the past world of controversial divinity, thru the various and numerous sects to the day and time in which we live. The visions opened before my mind like substantial realities, unfolding little by little, until the whole matter stood out in bold view, plain aud clear as the splendor of the noonday, and so brilliantly and beautifully delineated that explanation was needless and comment entirely unnecessary. This pleasant, secret enjoyment of my curious condition continued for some two or three months, and in fact, until it became the constant theme of my mind. At this time I was doing a heavy business in the practice of medicine and every moment except those for examination and prescription for patients, regular attendance was given to the counsel of my unseen adviser. Thru all these scenes of bright and beautiful expositions of mental action, I never once dreamed of the presence of any instrument of assistance to my vision, but simply thought all I saw were the pleasant vagaries of a lively fancy and an active imagination and was rather delighted than edified or instructed. {To be continued.)