Alfred, Me. Dec. 1895. I am reminded that before this reaches the readers of The Manifesto, a New Year will have dawned upon us, and the old year will be forever gone. We can not recall it to change our lives, however much we may wish so to do. Happy is the one who has so lived through the past year, that he does not wish to recall the past to undo the wrong committed. Sad is the condition of the man or woman who in looking over the past can find no gains, no victories; nothing but failures. To such an one I would quote the words of Father James,—'It is never too late to cry to God. A soul in the belly of hell can find mercy if he cries to God.' He is Almighty and He will save, if we are willing to be saved. God will never force us into heaven, although he delighteth not in the death of the sinner, still we read that He is a jealous God. He will not accept a divided service. If we love God let us serve Him. If we would enjoy heaven, let us cast from our minds all that is not heavenly and make room in our hearts for the Christ spirit to dwell. He promised his disciples that where he was, there they should be also. If we are truly the disciples of Christ, dying as he died unto sin, and living as he lived unto God, then we may expect to dwell with him. The prudent farmer, or the merchantman, at the close of the year, looks over his store-house, balances his books, settles his accounts and estimates his gains or losses. If such careful reckoning is necessary for the prosperity in temporal affiiirs, how much greater the necessity of a careful inspection of our spiritual ac counts. May we so live that we shall not be ashamed to read our life record. Jack Frost has bridged the streams and ponds much to the delight of the boys. \\Te have a little snow, but not enough for sledding. When we get more we may be thankful. During these cold days our minds often turn to the sunny South, and like the birds would like to migrate for the winter. May peace and prosperity and a deeper baptism of the Holy Spirit attend the inmates of our Zion homes is the New Year wish of our Alfred friends. Fanny Casey