SOCIAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY (Leading paper by Catherine Allen.) Question. T~Y'T'HAT is to constitute the 'New Heavens and New Earth wherein V V shall dwell righteousness ? ' Answer. Perhaps no people ever supposed themselves to have a more exact definition of this prophetic passage of Scripture than the body of people called Shakers. Other religious sects look forward to a second coming of the Lord when the Millennial age will be ushered in, believing that all the promises of sacred writ will then find glorious fruition. But those who formulated Shaker theology were confident that Christ had then made a 'Second Appearance' through the person of Ann Lee. Therefore, although Mother Ann and her co-laborers kept before their follrwers the idea that to them was given the dawning light of a new dispensation, which in its increasing degrees would be as 'glory beyond glory,' yet almost as soon as the society became organized, their zealous disciples taught and wrote in most emphatic language, that to them a perfect plan of salvation had been revealed in a gospel which was the ' 'last and final display of God's power and glory to the human race.' It has been written,—'The Bible is a place where each his dogma seeks and each his dogma finds.' In all the books which treat of Shaker theology (those written by Elder F. W. Evans excepted) the writers have fortified every point of doctrine with Scriptural authority, and have adjusted the prophetic portions as a closely fitting garment to the gospel work as then manifested, believing that in it was to be found a clear and full definition, in fact the fulfillment of the grandest utterances of inspired seers, and as a consequence, without any intention of bigotry, it was but natural for them, to narrow the meaning of the foregoing text with other passages of broad signifi- cance to fit the measure of truth which they had received ; therefore, they interpreted the 'New Heavens' to have reference to the new doctrines and spiritual interests of the Shaker Communities,—the 'New Earth' to thenmaterial possessions and temporal interests. They were assured that in and among them the kingdom of heaven was established, and of its 'increase there would be no end.' Holding this idea, THE MANIFESTO. 5 the}7 worked with superhuman energy, believing without doubt that every building they erected, however void of any idea of hygiene or beauty, and especially every acre of land they added to their possessions, was extending tin's kingdom,—increasing it. To buy land with the hard-earned money of consecrated labor to be held in the interests of those who were living a virgin life in communal relation, w'as in their estimation the way in which the earth would be redeemed. Greater intelligence would have dictated that to till and cultivate the land on scientific principles would be at least a partial means toward its redemption. Under the delusion of thus redeeming the earth, and with the idea that they would make rapid accessions to their numbers, they bought up large tracts of laud,—a fatal error, for to Believers, as to other people, land monopoly has proved a curse, and the underlying cause of most of their subsequent errors and losses, materially and spiritually. Still they wrere faithful to the light of their day and we owe much to their devoted efforts. We look to the motives and cast no censure upon those of earlier days who, in their misdirected zeal made the mistake, but we ai-e very sorry that in our own time there are any still so blind, that with the experience of the past before them they should repeat so great a wrong as to add thousands of acres to an already 'land-poor' people. We fear that the extending of Christ's kingdom has not been their leading motive in the matter. Elder F. A\r. Evans and Brother Daniel Frazer were brave pioneer reformers in our ranks. They saw this great evil and lifted their voices against it. They also studied the relations between the earth and the spiritual orders of human life, and conceived the 'New Heavens' and 'New Earth' to have a much broader significance than that which had been generally accepted by the Society. They taught that the formation of the 'New Heavens' began with the revelation of the principles of the Shaker Church and would increase with its evolution from cycle to cycle. That the 'New Earth' began with the American Republic, and as the people progressed from one degree of truth to another, it would gradually include every principle of science pertaining to the natural life of man in government, agriculture, generation and nutrition. How far their prophetic vision was able to pierce the future we do not know, but when the word Shaker is omitted from the spiritual, and American from the earthly order, when in their universal application, principles alone are considered, we have no objection to that interpretation. The two orders certainly have a relation together as soul and body. The inception of both occurred at the same period. The history of one is identical with the other. Land monopoly and its inevitable result, wage slavery has wrought equal ruin to the spiritual and earthly order. As in one, so in the other has there been a centralization of power in the hands of the few to the injury and nondevelopment of the many. Though intended only for good, by an erroneous 6 THE MANIFESTO. system of 'Protection' the government has blindly robbed the people not only of material benefits, but of greater blessings, the opportunity to advance the conditions for the brotherhood of nations, and reciprocate the good thatwould thereby be enhanced. The same principle of protection manifested in distinctive family interests and fear of opening the door to the good of the outside world lest evil also should enter, have brought like results in the spiritual order. To-day the many indications of destruction to both, teach us that delayed evolution has brought us face to face with revolution. This does not prove that the fundamental principles of either were not correct and will not eventually find a glorious expression, but that the developed life of the nation as a whole, made it impossible for immediate success. During the crisis now upon us in both orders, principles are being intelligently examined and analyzed; errors are being eliminated, and on firmer and broader foundations than ever before true democracy in our home and in the earthly government will be established. In this hope we look beyond the storm clouds of thi present to the glory of Millennial skies. We see the time, when, beginning at the fountain head of all existence, just relations will be established between the sexes in the affairs of Church, State and home. Not till then can we begin to know the possibilities of the human race or estimate the great loss that has been sustained through the dissipation of the vital force. The manipulation of occult forces under the psychic powers that have been developed in a few individuals here and there, aside from the wonderful discoveries in what we term the natural sciences, show us the dormant, earthburied condition of the race as a whole, and give hints of the great revolution that will come about in the world of mind and matter just as soon as the people shall be prepared. Meanwhile every awakened soul should work with intelligence and energy toward those advanced conditions. In the most literal sense the earth should be redeemed. Instead of annually depositing in the ocean millions of tons of land-food, it should be properly decomposed and restored whence it was taken. It is criminal in any people or nation to rob future generations by rendering the land incapable of human subsistence. The fertilization and sowing of every acre of land should be governed by a knowledge of its chemical properties, The rotation of crops and Sabbaths of rest should be observed ; extensive forest belts should be planted wherever needed to equalize electrical currents and protect from flood and drought. By artificial irrigation for the present, arid wastes could be made fruitful and in time would develop their own water supply. In thus complying with the laws of God in nature, his promise that the crops should be free from mildew and destructive pests will be fulfilled and the early and later rains will be insured. THE MANIFESTO. 7 In the affairs of Government we think to abolish interest, and by means of a tax on land values, cease to rob the people of their God-given inheritance in the land, will bring about, 'Equal opportunities to all, special privileges to none,'—a far reaching freedom in every domain of existence. No longer repressed, dwarfed and crippled, the God-life in humanity will assert itself and gradually find expression through the application of the true laws of being in the earthly and in the spiritual life in humanity; the spiritual ripening as fruit upon the tree, lifted above the earth, developing in the sunlight of the upper world, yet always dependent upon the tree and soil (the earthly order) for nourishment. Will this not be the '-New Heavens and New Earth wherein shall dwell righteousness ?' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.