Union Village, O. Dec. 1895. Dear Elder Henry:—I read the Home Notes with so much pleasure that I hope this feature of The Manifesto, that his such a pleasant variety, and tells so much news,—and nearly all of it good news — will never be omitted. Of course the spiritual and temporal have to go together, but as the inward, unmanifest, and spiritual, necessarily includes, and originates, all that is manifest and temporal, therefore I hope and pray most fervtntlv, that I may never see the da&gt;, when t! e latter will take precedence of the former. I must confess that I more than endorse the following excerpt from a writer at Alfred in the Nov. number of The Manifesto: 'The body must have food, clothing and shelter. This is necessary and proper, but our greatest anxiety an 1 care is, (should be) for our spiritual welfare. The Spirit mist be fed; and unless we are laying up heavenly treasures, wi; shall surely famish and die—Spiritually.' Well—at last the rain has begun to fall, and we may hope for a breaking up of our water famine. So we had cause for thankfulness on last Thursday, Nov. 28, for quite a quantity of water, and a great many other blessings. We met in response 21 22 THE MA NIFES TO. to the President of the United States and rendered the same. Several of our old barns have been repaired this summer and autumn, through the untiring persever- ance of our good and faithful Elder Joseph. You will learn by the public papers, that our North Union suit has been decided in the Supreme Court in our favor. This ends that wearisome suit and we are devoutly thankful. Within a space of two or three months, two or three Brethren and some five or six Sisters, from 46 down to 11 years of age, have joined our family. This is another cause of great rejoicing among us, and we hope they may all be able to make their calling and election sure by faithfulness in well-doing. The good Sisters gave the Brethren an honorable discharge from the dining room once more, as they have become numerous enough, to man that department. Your humble correspondent just finished a tour of four weeks in that department. We hope to get water enough to supply us for the coming year, from our present arrangements: but to make assurance doubly sure, we are intending to have a well bored next spring, that will place us beyond all risk of a water famine. About half of our hogs are left to us from the ravages of the hog cholera, and this is much better than others fared in this west- ern country. I received your philological papers and will cheerfully reduce them to practice in my articles for the press, if you wish it. To me it seems a clumsy method in comparison with the method of supplying a character for every elementary sound in the language. It is quite a little sacrifice to write on .1x8 paper, but I will have some ready by next time. Oliver C. Hampton