BAPTISM THE origin of baptism as a religious observance was common among the ancient nations. These lustrations were prevalent among the Egyptians, Greeks and Romans as well as among the Jews. It was a preparation for divine service and sometimes even for prayer. It was not uncommon to have a prayer house by the side of a stream for bathing. From the days of Moses, the confession of sin and the ceremonies of bathing or washing had held a prominent place in that church. Under the direction of the law it was imperative. Without it they lost their inheritance. Our first biblical notice of it as a religious ceremony is in Ex. xxix., 4, where Aaron and his sous were anointed as the priests of God. But John the Baptist was now to do for the people what they had hitherto been obliged, in many cases to do for themselves, and on the whole it must have been rather agreeable than otherwise. John's bap- tism was eminently practical. Sent as a messenger from God, he called the people to an honest confession of their sins as a preliminary to their privilege of baptism. 'Repent,' said he, 'for the kingdom of God is at hand. Make the Lord's path strait.' It was a revival of religious life, a gift of God to draw them from their perpetual back-slidings. To forget God and to manufacture idols as objects of divine worship, as did Aaron and Jeroboam, represents a fearful state of ignorance. But the prophet tells us that the blacksmith and the carpenter and the potter have all been busy in the making of idol gods for the market. It was a universal departure from the strict discipline of the Law and we do not wonder that the Baptist urged them to, repent. Through all the manifestations of God's work it has addressed itself to, man as it at that time found him. The serpents in the halls of Pharaoh appealed directly to the mind of the king. He understood equally aa well the introduction of the frogs and the locusts. Had Moses attempted to deliver such a discourse as he did when the children of Israel asked for meat, we might well imagine the effect it would have produced. All the prophesies for many years previous to the advent of John the Baptist had warned the Jews of the fate that awaited them if they did not keep the Law, Jesus on his arrival did not hesitate to compare them 12 TEE MANIFESTO. to whited sepulchres, beautifully ornamented without while within they were full of all uncleanness. John was not a member of the Mosaic order, nor a convert to the Christian. H± was an Independent. He combated the prevailing opinion of the times which was, that the performance of external ceremonies was sufficient to secure a right to the kingdom of G&gt;&gt;d. His baptism was the revival of a religious interest and the Judeans all wanted to see him. It was not an introduction into any religious order, for John had none, and the disciples subsequently re-baptised those who came to them, (Acts, xix., 5.) and as rigidly insisted that the converts should accept all the ceremonies of the Law. Curiosity would prompt the people, as it would us, to know what John was doing. His costume of camel's hair, and the place for baptism may also have stimulated more or less interest. After so many years have passed, the curiosity has not wholly subsided. Robinson says that at one time some fifteen hundred people assembled to witness the ceremony, and within a few years near the city of Manchester, N. H. not less than ten thousand persons were present. Since the days of the Baptist the subject of baptism has elicited different opinions and sometimes produced fierce contentions in the circle of its adherents. Those fighting reformers, John Calvin and Martin Luther indulged in many sharp words on the subject. While one church maintains that baptism can only be administered by immersion, another church is satisfied that pouring on water is all that is necessary, and a third is equally satisfied with a few drops of water sprinkled on the convert. One church says that baptism of water washes away all sin. Another that it makes us children by spiritual birth and still others that it is only a symbol of purification. Some churches baptize only adults, while others demand that even litttle children shall receive the ceremony. One church thinks that the person should be immersed once, while others insist that it shall be done three times. Really, the baptism ceremony as now used, is at least a babel of confusion. It is urged that as Jesus was baptized of John he sanctioned the rite. His acceptance of baptism was quite another thing from his commanding that it should be used by other persons. He as equally sanctioned lasciviousness and intemperance at the marriage in Cana, or the use of the sword to cut off the ears of those who offend us, or the riotous proceedings that often occur as that of the temple when he drove out the brokers and common traders. THE MANIFESTO. 13 Jesus never administered baptism, and there is no evidence that he ever directed its employment by his disciples while he was upon the earth. 'There is nothing to prove that any of the twelve were ever baptized in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, or indeed, received any baptism whatever, except such as John the Baptist probably administered to Andrew, Peter, Philip and John.'— Dictionary of Religions Knowledge. The baptism of Jesus was of the Holy Spirit and of fire, and he asked his disciples at one time if they were able to receive it. They had been able to receive the water baptism of John, and unless this was quite a different process to which he alluded, it would have been a very uncalled-for question. All Judea had been out to Jordan to be baptized and no doubt were pleased with the privilege. The baptism of Jesus was a baptism into his life, which was to do the will of God. As the whole life of Jesus the Christ was a spiritual work, to accept him was to be baptized into him or into the order of his spiritual life. And certainly his life and testimony was a consuming fire into which all entered, or into which all were baptized that embraced his gospel work. Two foolish fellows thought they were able to pass through the ordeal, and also asked the privilege to sit, the one on his right hand and the other on his left in the kingdom of God, although they evidently had not the first conception of the work to which Jesus referred. Some of the first disciples of Jesus had been disciples of John, and in imitation of their master continued the ceremony by baptizing all who wished to follow Jesus. Paul shows very plainly that he understood the difference between the baptism of John and that of Jesus. If he ac- cepted the ceremony it was evidently for the purpose of preventing a collision with those converts who had come out of the Jewish Church. In one of his letters to the church in Corinth he leaves this emphatic testimony concerning water baptism, 'I thank God that I baptized none of you but Crispus and Gaius and the household of Stephanus. For the Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel.' One of our religiouspapers a few years since, published the remarks of a Jewish Rabbi on the subject of baptism. 'Concerning baptism all are agreed that in ancient times immersion of the whole body (not the clothes) was necessary for a new member of the Jewish leligion. And as the baptism was a Jewish ceremony before the time of Jesus, John and the apostles surely performed it in the same manner as did the eTews. It was not new and no Pharisee or Sadducee raised any objection against it 14 THE MANIFESTO. as they did to many other performances. Hence I can not account for it why the imitators of John the Baptist and the Apostolic Church, should perform baptism when clad in water-proof clothes. A real baptizing or bathing of the body and not of the clothes ought to take place, and hence men should baptize men, and women baptize women. It is obvious, therefore, that no woman was among the multitude that came to John as is reported in Matt, iii., 5, 6. In the second century baptism was administered publicly twice a year and if we are to believe the historian, the church was not always very particular about the free will of the converts. Multitudes of the Jews were cruelly persecuted and inhumanly dragged into the church to be baptized by the violence of the clergy. The same method of conversion was practiced in France and Spain. But those days are passed away, and we may hope never more to return. We now ask only for the gospel of good news and the baptism of the Holy Spirit which will cleanse the soul from the sins of the world, and raise it to the heavenly love of the Christ. H. C. Blinn