LOYALTY By Frank Theobald 'TV OYALTY may be defined as fidelity to a principle, home, institution, I J friends or country. The truly loyal in our home manifest this spirit in their daily lives, by their just and generous support of the principles which govern the home, and such realize that they must sacrifice all personal ambitions, all that would tend to lower our moral and religious standing in society, doing right simply because it is right, this is true loyalty; for truth is everything and the truth will conquer. 8 THE MANIFESTO. This loyalty to principle should be exercised in private as well as in public, at home and abroad, first by an understanding of the work which we are called to live, and then with an honesty and loyalty of spirit under all circumstances defend the same. Society can not be judged rightfully by individual members composing it, for persons ma}' go wrong and be disloyal to faith and home, but the principles upon which the Society is founded will live through all time and be cherished by good and faithful souls forever. Our forefathers possessed this spirit in an uncommon d gree, as sh &gt;wn in their noble, self-sacrificing struggle for their religious liberty, bearing hardship and imprisonment,—even giving up their lives in fidelity to principles which to them were of God, and which meant the right to worship Hun and to dwell with Him in the mansions He has promised to the faithful The founders of our Church always put duty and the good of their p3ople before their own personal inclinations and desires. Loyalty in those stormy days cost more than it does to-day, when the rights of civil and religious liberty are accorded without question, and we are peacefully allowed to worship God in spirit and in truth, without molestation or persecution which was so often their portion to bear. Does the same loyalty of spirit and integrity of purpose in things spiritual, temporal and financial mark our lives? If so, it gives to us, as to them, the key to success in all that pertains to the welfare of our Church. Time and circumstances may alter; outward conditions may change, but loyalty to principles of Godliness and to each other, is the duty of all true followers of Christ. Loyalty to our country and its republican institutions is the duty of every true citizen in the land. We have many examples of fidelity in the lives of public men who have dared to stand for the right, and defend an honest principle before friend or foe alike. The signing of the Declaration of Independence by our forefathers was an act of loyalty which has hardly been equalled in the history of our country. Their motto was, 'United we stand, divided we fall.' It might have proved their death warrant instead of a declaration of rights, but their integrity, firmness, courage and a fixed purpose to gain their liberty, stand before us to-day as a monument of their loyalty, and an example for all true lovers of their country. In later years we find other worthy examples. In the darkest hour of our Country's history, when treason and disloyalty beset the Nation's honor on every side, there was one who shaped its destiny in a great measure, whose faith in God, and freedom for the human race was paramount to all selfish interest, giving even his own life as a token of his fidelity and honor. Such was the life and devotion of Abraham Lincoln, who might worthily be named a Father and Savior to the Nation. No higher monument to his name and the loyal souls who fought and suffered with him, can be erected, than the remembrance of his noble life in the hearts of a free and loving people. THE MANIFESTO. 9 From these considerations ma}? we be impressed with the spirit of true loyalty, which inspired to such noble achievements. May we give in honor to the interests of our Zion home, loyal, consecrated service, equal to these time-honored veterans. Enfield, N. H.