Books and Papers. Popular Monthly The 'Lee of Virginia' series will begin in the next (February) number of Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly, with the introductory article specially written for it by Mrs. Rogek A. Pryor, upon 'The Ancestors of General Robert E. Lee,' in P&gt;ngland and in Colonial Virginia, and the times in which they lived. This article, and those to follow, will be profusely illustrated, the whole forming mi authoritative pictorial chronicle of the distinguished family which has given to America so many statesmen, warriors, and types of chivalrous patriotism. Pleasant Hours for Boys and Girls That bright and entertaining magazine for young people, Frank Leslie's Pleasant Hours for Boys and Girls, has some particularly good things in its January number. There is a beautifully illustrated article on 'The United States Naval Cadet,' by Joseph Coblentz Groff, which tells how appointments to Annapolis are secured and describes the daily life of the cadets; Charles Frederick Holder contributes a splendid short story about some boys who caught sharks for a living: there is an article telling how a boy may build a low-priced iceboat and learn to sail it, by Wilf. P. Pond; an illustrated New Year's story in verse, by Ethel Hatton; a paper on 'Snow Igloos and Images, and How to Make Them,' by J. Carter Beard; the continuation of' the two serials by Edward S. Ellis and Jeannette H. Walworth; several other short stories, some tricks and puzzles, and the editors interesting chat on the new books for boys and girls. Mrs. Annie Trumbull Slosson, the author of 'Fishin' Jimmy,' had a strangely impressive experience, a few years ago, while driving through the Green Mountain country of Vermont. She met a man, a waif, who evidently believed himself to be the Christ. The Sunday School Times Under the title 'Through a Glass Darkly,' Mrs. Slosson has written for The Sunday School Times of December 21 a sketch of her meeting with this strange character. 'No sermon,' she writes, no chant, no learned theological treatise, nay, not even the reading of the Gospel story itself, had ever made that lonely life of the Stranger, the man of sorrows and acquainted with grief, such a real thing to me.' JOHN D. WATTLES &amp; CO. 1031 Walnut St. Philadelphia, Pa. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Theraphy. December. Contents. Life Science Papers, No. 5; The Science of Phrenology; Social Reform; The Devil in the Pie; The Past Year's Work; Vegetarian Banquet; Scrub Children; Vapor Bath; Horticulture; Humaneness, etc. etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co., Kokoino, Ind. The Anti Tobacco Crusader The Anti Tobacco Crusader, is an interesting and no less valuable quarterly. It has reached No. 17, and should be the New Year visitor in all Christian homes, as a warning against one of the most unpleasant habits. Rum and Tobacco are generally classed as twin evils ami certainly they are quite often found in close companionship. Rum generally enters by way of the back door, while tobacco stands at the front. Christians take the tobacco with them even to the church and poison the air. And then the minister takes it into the pulpit as did the Rev. Solomon Spittle. Published by H. L. Hastings. 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. Weekly Memorandum Calendar The 'Weekly Memorandum Calendar' from the office of Stockbridge and Sanders, 'is a thing of beauty and a joy forever,' or rather so long as the year 1896 may continue with us. Thoughtful minds have ornamented every page with beautiful red figures and then provided ample room for a record of all the good things we might do, and for the anticipated hopes of what we would like to do. Published by Stockbridge and Sanders. No. 1 Depot St. Concord, N. H. Ladies' Every Saturday The publishers of that great Philadelphia literary success, the Ladies' Every Saturday, are offering another popular educational competition with many beautiful Rewards con. sisting of a handsome gold watch, a pneumatic bicycle, pair of genuine diamond ear-rings, handsome silk dress pattern, imported music box, china dinner service, coin silver watch, banquet lamp, fifteen volumes of Dicken's complete works, camera, phonoharps, etc., to those sending the largest lists of words from letters contained in LIBERTY BELL, and not using the same letter in any word more times than it is contained in L I-B-E-RT-Y B-E-L-L. Any of our readers desiring to compete for these prizes, may do so by simply securing a copy of the Ladies' Every Saturday (containing full particulars, etc.) from their newsdealer and enclosing with their list the 'competition coupon' cut therefrom, or by sending three two cent stamps direct for a copy of this entertaining thirty-two page publication, containing many letters of thanks from those who have received Rewards in previous contests. Cosmopolitan No one ever thought of introducing so expensive a feature as lithographic color work in the days when the leading magazines sold for $4.00 a year and 35 cents a copy. But times change, and the magazines change with them. It has remained for The Cosmopolitan, sold at one dollar a year, to put in an extensive lithographic plant capable of printing 320,000 pages per day (one color.) The January issue presents as a frontispiece a water, color drawing by Eric Pape, illustrating the last story by Robert Louis Stevenson, which has probably never been excelled even in the pages of the finest dollar French periodicals. The cover of The Cosmopolitan is also changed, a drawing of nage length by the famous Paris artist Rossi, in lithographic colors on white paper takes the place of the manilla back with its red stripe. Hereafter the cover is to be a fresh surprise each month.