NATURAL AND SPIRITUAL RELATIONS. By Martha J. Anderson. '6 V'T THILE he yet talked to the people, behold his mother and his brethVV ren stood without desiring to speak with him. Then one said unto him, Behold, thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to speak with thee. But he answered and said unto him that told him, Who is my mother? and who are my brethren? And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples and said, Behold my mother and my brethren! For whosoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother and sister and mother.' To the natural parent-heart, whose affections are wrapped up in the life and interests of their exclusive familes, this language of the Master sounds harsh and unfeeling, because the narrow range of vision precludes the broader view of life taken by him who has a wider horizon, and sees things in their superior relationship. Not the mere ties of consanguinity, constitute true and lasting friendship ; there is a moral unity that springs from soul sentiments, and this sublime doctrine was emphasized in the text. The mind of Jesus glanced upward from every topic. He loved not his own mother the less, for her heart was in sympathy with his mission. It was as if he had said, 'She is truly my mother, and they are my brethren in the higher life ; but not alone she who bore and reaped me, but all who are likewise doing the will of the universal Father and Mother of all souls, who have the well-springs of goodness and truth in their hearts, are my relation.' All true union and harmony of spirit springs from moral conditions and not from those human instincts that we hold in common with the animal creation. Sexual love and physical attraction, spring from the sensual naFEBRUARY 26 THE MANIFESTO. ture, and is not man's highest estate of happiness The true affection of the natural, should open to our thought the universal love and affection, which, in the progressive state of unfoldtnent, shall exist between all truly good and pure natures. 'In Christ there is neither male nor female,' which represents a condition of human advancement, when fleshly lusts and desires shall be consumed by the indwelling of God's Spirit. We should always seek in those that are nearest us in kinship of the Mesh, not that which affiliates them to us as natural persons, but that which is to be perpetuated when the body dies; we should strive to lift our heart's affections into the exalted sphere of universal and permanent blending of heart and soul. Have we not all formed social, intellectual and moral affinities that have proved stronger than natural ties ? Soul friendship and comprehensive exchange of thought and feeling unknown in our own family circle, where there is often estrangement because of difference of opinion among the members of the household? There is a growing tendency in this age of alliances, to concentrate for mutual good. There seems to be two spirits at work in opposite directions, one in the form of trusts and monopolies for individual aggrandizement; another in the form of co-operation and guilds for the fraternization and benefit of the masses, who are the wage slaves of the moneyed classes. Progress, like the spiral motion of all things, tends to ever increasing life and activity, which draws humanity in its vortex, for the process of unification of thought and feeling. What seems to be evil in our present state of civilization will eventuate in good. The higher tendencies of human nature have their root in the lower life. There is a wise Parental government over this earth and that same power that rules not only the earth but the heavens also, will through natural evolutionary processes, bring order out of chaos. Think for a moment how many associations are formed for wise and noble purposes, how many men and women are aspiring for, and working toward the ideals of Edenic life. How they are striving to ameliorate misery, studying its causes and applying the remedy for injustice and wrong that is grinding the faces of the poor, creating crime, want and wretchedness. The interchange of kindly services of good-will and active benevolence, binds heart to heart, and in this universal love, mankind feel that they are all brothers and sisters; that the strong must protect the weak and the more fortunate uplift those who have not the impulse or will to rise to superior conditions. Unsanctified passion and not love, produces much of the unhappiness, in family and social circles. If there was more of real love in the natural home life, there would be less evil generated and perpetuated in the world. And no greater work of human love and uplifting can be accomplished than to search out the sources and springs of immorality and licentiousness, THE MANIFES TO. 2 7 which are undermining the sacredness of family, the purity of society, and the stability of the state. We are drifting toward the condition Rome was in previous to her downfall. When the youth are corrupt what have we to hope for? There is no remedy for this laxity of morals, only that man shall be equally culpable, and equally judged and ostracized with woman; sharing with her the disgrace of sinful acts. There are a few individuals who have the courage to cry aloud and spare not, fearing not to lift the veil that screens social uncleanness. Our children are not protected as they should be, even in the sanctity of borne life; their instruction is meager on the most important themes that concern their welfare and happiness especially in the relation of the sexes. When the moral sense is blunted, the avenues of the soul are closed to the receptivity of spiritual truth as taught by Jesus when he said unless a man hate his own life, (the carnal life) he could not be his disciple. Truly has the thought been expressed 'Purity of heart and life is the richest human possession.' Through this is sustained holy associations in the sphere of divine love. The respect that grows from an appreciation of positive excellence, is a unitizing iufluence, and helps to break down distinctions between men and women. The more interest we take in the good and happiness of the many, and not center our entire thought in our own interests, the more we shall enlarge our sphere of blessing as did the good Master whose whole desire was continual service, and who was ready and willing to lay down his life for his brethren. Mankind are evolving toward the spiritual, through the perfect natural state, where self-restraint and continence, subdues the animal and the savage in their natures, where love engendered in the coronal region of the brain, holds in control the selfish propensities, that develop their foi'ce in the cerebellum or lower portion of the brain. The essence of true religion is chastity and love which bind the soul to God. Human affections are never carried to their exaltation of sweetness and beauty until they are made manifest in the sphere of unselfish devotion. We should be nearer to each other as human beings in those things we have in common with God, than in that we have in common with the animals. All the great natures among mankind that have progressed under the influence of the genial and all-illuminating sun of righteousness, and have shown the color and fruitage of the seed-life of the Christ, have risen unto the resurrection of immortality. Jesus said,'If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto me.' Why are churches divided into sects ? and why do men look coldly on each other? Is it not because they place too much stress on difference of opinion in minor matters, and chill the love of God in their hearts ? They expect to share their heaven in common in the future, and yet drive themselves assun- 28 THE MANIFESTO. der while here. 'In Christ there is no schism.' His love metes out no bounds nor limits. The only true union and fellowship lies in the interest and upbuilding of a faith in man, 'if we love not our brother whom we have seen, how can we love God whom we have not seen.' Jesus taught the law of love as expressed in the text, and in contiguous passage, which it would be well for all to read and consider. The outcome would, if practically carried out in every day life, result in the establishment of the Kingdom of heaven, for which he prayed, and which we all have desired might come on the earth. May we all be united in one common cause and kinship; to do good, to carry out the vital spirit of religion which is 'Love to God and the neighbor.' Then they who do the will of God the same will be our Father and Mother, our brother and sister. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.