Extract from a testimony spoken by Sister Isabella Russell, at Enfield, N. H. T 11HE subject of our Communal Home, with its motto 'all for each, and -L each for all,' which was so ably treated in our last Sabbath evening Service had the effect to draw from many hearts the silent resolve, to henceforth use all powers of mind and body to make this home so beautiful that no person having shared its benefits would wish to choose interests less broadening in their relations. It is well to keep this 'ideal home' before us through all the difficulties of life's journey. Those who have been educated in this Church, and have witnessed the various changes that have taken place within the last fifty years, have realized some bitter disappointments, and have passed through many tssts of our faith in the religion of our Fathers, who have 'fought the good fight, and kept the faith,' and whom we believe are still on the upward march in the line of spiritual progression. They have left not only their physical bodies, for which they have no further use, but also their errors and miscon- 30 THE MANIFESTO. ceptions of the truth as it is understood by the most spiritually enlightened minds of the present day. It is well with us, if our experience has taught us lessons of charity, and forgiveness; if we have learned to be consistent and kind in all our dealings with our fellow beings ; if we have learned to take a deeper, broader view of God and of his dealings with the children of men, ever remembering that 'In our Father's house are many mansions' and there are different divisions in the Christian army, all equally indispensable in working out the great plan of salvation. If we have learned this grand truth, then we are better able to reach*the conditions of suffering humanity. It becomes us as a band of Christian workers to 'keep step' in the great battle for justice, truth and right, by putting our 'hands at work, and giving our hearts to God,' ever maintaining an interest in the spiritual home which is ours by right of inheritance if we are faithful to our early vows of consecration. We should never forget our obligations to those who have laid the foundation of our Church, nor our duty to the teachers of the present day. If our relationship as spiritual Brethren and Sisters is what we claim it to be, then we must continually discountenance every element that is foreign to this grand result,perfect equality. It is not enough to know that the spirit of Christ was made manifest one hundred years ago, through one inspired woman whom we honor with the endearing title of Mother; but we must manifest this same Christian spirit in our lives. Let us ever bear in mind, that no question pertaining to the spiritual, social or financial growth of our Church will be permanently settled until it is done in conformity to the spirit of Christ. When we are filled with the enthusiasm, which our cause demands, we can sing with the spirit and with the understanding, Ye little rills as ye gently move, O waft the breeze of a Savior's love! Ye mighty waves that in majesty roll, Carry the boon to every soul! Tell them that I have come again, And in my kingdom forever shall reign, Where male and female equally stand, United with the angelic band. Already is light dawning upon the world, and many may be found in this enlighted age who, in some respects, are carrying this spirit of equality and the recognition of this divine principle to even greater perfection than we are. But this is no reason why we should renounce the strife, or forsake the field where our Mother fought and won such glorious victories. Rather let us listen to the heavenly footsteps marching to the strains while we sing the song triumphant, 'Surely, Christ lias come again.' Now is come complete salvation, Perfect order is revealed, Sons and daughters standing equal Eeap with joy the gospel field.