LOOK BEFORE YOU LEAP. OUR experience in life throws us into direct sympathy with the Apostolic preacher and we share with him an anxiety for the protection of the church of God. His love for humanity urged him to present all the dangers that were to be found in the way of their Christian progress. Paul had received the testimony of Jesus and in publishing it had found that while the Greeks lookt upon it as foolishness, it was to him the power of God to salvation. He had preacht its simplicity of, faith and its simplicity of good works to the Romans, to the Corinthians, to the Ephesians, and to many others. In these places he establisht churches 'in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the son of God.' Do you wonder at his anxiety lest thru the cares of the world and in the philosophy of a class of speculative teachers they should be led aT.-ay from the truth? Knowing so well as he did of the dangers that were to be found on every side, his warning voice was distinctly heard among his people. 'Beware lest any man spoil you thru philosophy and vain deceit, after the rudiments of the world and not after Christ.'Col. ii., 8. This Pagan philosophy would no doubt, spoil some. Whatever may absorb the attention and turn the spiritual interests away from the Kingdom of God, will undoubtedly lead toward a worldly life. That this same philosophy has spoiled many beautiful minds and thrown them from the path which led toward God has all the force of historical evidence. All men do not walk the same road as they go down to perdition. There are a thousand avenues thrown open and filled with enticing allurements, thru which every man may pass that turns from right to wrong or from light to darkness. The school of Alexandria was, no doubt, ruinous to that order of Christianity that was establisht by the sacred teacher, as it made itself busy in amalgamating the doctrines of the Christians and Pagans and by filling the churches with that which was spurious. From that day to this it has had a markt effect upon the Christian world. Osterwald wisely observes'Carnal men could not endure the cross nor divest themselves of the love of wealth and pleasures, and by this means they corrupted the pure doctrine of the gospel. Their pride and presumption prompted them to stand at the head of affairs and they wickedly contrived means by getting into power and assuming an author- 34 THE MANIFESTO. ity and expounding the writings of the Apostles by a blind philosophy which carnal men like themselves had invented.' Mosheim writes,'These men invented questions about the Christian religion sufficient to perplex and puzzle the whole world.' What a comment on the simple testimony of Jesus and on Christianity at that early date. Here is another sad example of the church walking by the side of the world. In this case the church 'stoops to conquer' by accepting the friendship of the world, but unfortunately the church has never been able to rise again and stand erect. It is not strange that men were ruined by these flattering forms of philosophy and then thru the deceitfulness of these enticing illustrations. But the end is not yet. Men are at t his day equally perplext and puzzled to determine what is genuine Christianity as taught by Jesus and what may be set down as the spurious innovations of Pagan philosophy. Some who would be good Christians are sadly deceived. They know that the church of Christ must be a pure church and that to be a disciple of Jesus they must fulfill the law of righteousness, agreeably to the sermon on the Mount, and when the voice of God cames to them to enter in at the strait gate they find themselves quite ready to pass into the broad way. They have been flattered by the world, and have foolishly wandered into the elements of a carnal life. They have persuaded themselves that as it was a Christian philosophy it would lead directly to the Holy City. Here comes the danger.Should they fail to fulfill the law of righteousness, they may be spoilt, as they mourn for the old inheritance. Called of God to forsake the world with all its affections and lusts they soothe their consciences by catching at the words of one who offered carnal indulgences to a licentious class of would-be Christians. They had heard the words of Jesus the Christ preacht again and again, but had failed to see the fruits of practical righteousness developt in their own lives. We may readily suppose that the Apostle knew quite well the dangers that were around the church. He knew that the testimony of Jesus had proved amply sufficient for the salvation of those who had accepted it. That it was a religion that entered into the life of man and was manifested thru a living and growing righteousness. That the kingdom of God was obtained thru the sacrifice of every selfish interest. There was nothing mysterious in the requirement and it needed no philosophy of the schools of Pagan wise men to give to it their interpretation. THE MANIFESTO. 35 It is remarkable how easily one class of men can undo and scatter to the winds that which others have earnestly and prayerfully labored to establish in the heart. The Apostle well understood the operation of this upon the mind and hence his caution to the brethren to beware of that class of men who made it a money business to talk religion. They were not workers of righteousness, interested in the welfare of the race, but they were talkers and Paul saw the danger, that thru their philosophy, and thru their deceitfulness, and thru their ministration of the spirit of the world his brethren might be turned from God. This same danger is as apparent at the present time. It may not be found to be exactly after the manner of this historical record, but it comes as effectually and ruins us as thoroughly. With the light that is now upon the earth and the many degrees of righteousness that are operating in the hearts of men, there exists the same danger lest thru the deceitfulness of this seductive element many faithful souls may be turned from their honorable course as God's workmen and be again lost in the wilderness of sin. H. C. Blinn.