Books and Papers. Popular Monthly The 'Lee of Virginia' series will begin in the next (February) number of Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly, with the introductory article specially written for it by Mrs. Rogek A. Pryor, upon 'The Ancestors of General Robert E. Lee,' in P&gt;ngland and in Colonial Virginia, and the times in which they lived. This article, and those to follow, will be profusely illustrated, the whole forming mi authoritative pictorial chronicle of the distinguished family which has given to America so many statesmen, warriors, and types of chivalrous patriotism. Pleasant Hours for Boys and Girls That bright and entertaining magazine for young people, Frank Leslie's Pleasant Hours for Boys and Girls, has some particularly good things in its January number. There is a beautifully illustrated article on 'The United States Naval Cadet,' by Joseph Coblentz Groff, which tells how appointments to Annapolis are secured and describes the daily life of the cadets; Charles Frederick Holder contributes a splendid short story about some boys who caught sharks for a living: there is an article telling how a boy may build a low-priced iceboat and learn to sail it, by Wilf. P. Pond; an illustrated New Year's story in verse, by Ethel Hatton; a paper on 'Snow Igloos and Images, and How to Make Them,' by J. Carter Beard; the continuation of' the two serials by Edward S. Ellis and Jeannette H. Walworth; several other short stories, some tricks and puzzles, and the editors interesting chat on the new books for boys and girls. Mrs. Annie Trumbull Slosson, the author of 'Fishin' Jimmy,' had a strangely impressive experience, a few years ago, while driving through the Green Mountain country of Vermont. She met a man, a waif, who evidently believed himself to be the Christ. The Sunday School Times Under the title 'Through a Glass Darkly,' Mrs. Slosson has written for The Sunday School Times of December 21 a sketch of her meeting with this strange character. 'No sermon,' she writes, no chant, no learned theological treatise, nay, not even the reading of the Gospel story itself, had ever made that lonely life of the Stranger, the man of sorrows and acquainted with grief, such a real thing to me.' JOHN D. WATTLES &amp; CO. 1031 Walnut St. Philadelphia, Pa. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Theraphy. December. Contents. Life Science Papers, No. 5; The Science of Phrenology; Social Reform; The Devil in the Pie; The Past Year's Work; Vegetarian Banquet; Scrub Children; Vapor Bath; Horticulture; Humaneness, etc. etc. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co., Kokoino, Ind. The Anti Tobacco Crusader The Anti Tobacco Crusader, is an interesting and no less valuable quarterly. It has reached No. 17, and should be the New Year visitor in all Christian homes, as a warning against one of the most unpleasant habits. Rum and Tobacco are generally classed as twin evils ami certainly they are quite often found in close companionship. Rum generally enters by way of the back door, while tobacco stands at the front. Christians take the tobacco with them even to the church and poison the air. And then the minister takes it into the pulpit as did the Rev. Solomon Spittle. Published by H. L. Hastings. 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass.