Beloved Elder Henry;--A rumor reaches us... Alfred, Me. Jan. 1896. Beloved Elder Henry ;A rumor reaches us that our Manifesto is to be discontinued. I hope if so concluded the conclusion will be reconsidered. This is the feeling of the Societies in Maine. As Home Notes would have nothing of especial interest, will you find room for the following reasons so well stated by Br. Alonzo Hollister in his Morning Star Bible Lessons. Why Believers in the past as well the present appeal to the Bible to sustain their views. I. 'Because it is a true and impartial witness that we are guided by the same spirit which inspired the utterance of Ancient Seers, Apostles and Prophets. II. Because nearly all who claim to be Christians, forming a large part of the more enlightened nations profess to receive the Bible as the only test of all religious truth. III. Because many candid people can more readily perceive and acknowledge truth, when they find it agrees with Bible doctrine, than when it stands solely on its own merits. IV. Because only axiomatic truths which are common to all can be firmly established in the mind without witnesses; which means proof by other acknowledged truths which agree with, and confirm it. V. Because the work in which we are engaged, is fulfilling many grand and wonderful predictions recorded in the Bible. A strange work, which the children of men are no wise disposed to believe, though angels declare it to them. VI. Because it is a work, which to minds not experienced in its effects, finds its strongest evidence of being the work of God, in those inspired predictions, and the lives of its subjects. VII. Because the spiritually sensitive feel a substance in the language of the Bible, which speaks to the interior, and can not be found in any book of less spiritual origin. VIII. Because the greater the number of agreeing and truthful witnesses to any doctrine or principle, the stronger and more established it is to the reasonable mind of true understanding.' We believe as he does 'that nothing is gained by disparaging the Scriptures. A blow aimed at the Bible is a blow at spiritual-mindedness and is liable to recoil with serious loss to the sower of contemptuous remarks thereon.' John B. Vance.