Dear Children:--The salutation is... Shaker Station, Ct. Jan. 1896. Deak Children:The salutation is, 'A Happy New Year.' A year to be glad, not to be bad. How swiftly the years pass away. Make the most of this one. Each day form your own heaven and you will be sure to have it. Happiness comes as you keep good vows. Keep the good resolutions now that you should have kept last year. Some persons are always intending to do better but never find time to begin. Now is your opportunity, do not miss it. Only to-day is yours, wisely improve it. A good life will keep your conscience clear, and why should you live a bad one? Make every day bright with kind words and good deeds. Give beauty and happiness to the future by daily acts of kindness. The self-denying path is the way in which you should walk. Denying self is a Christian duty. The more you subdue wrong the sweeter will be the 'Peace be unto you.' The brightest jewel that can ever adorn your character is purity. Strive for it with soul earnestness. You will never wish you had done less to win the prize. Watch your thoughts, is advice worth regarding. When the heart is well guarded evil can not enter. Sin not. Pledge yourself to be true. Think not that you can be untrue in trifles and yet be trustworthy in more important things. To deviate from truthfulness in a small degree will harden the heart and lead to greater departures from right. Only those who have done well can expect the 'well done.' Commit yourself to God for guidance and instruction. How much happier you become when you feel that He is shaping your lives, and you are content to let Him, knowing that not one more trial comes to you than you are able to bear, and that every cross and affliction is for your eternal good; and how much peace it brings to you if you yield your entire will to his blessed keeping. Give thought, care and pains, in forming a noble character, and* create a spiritual atmospere in which it will be good to live. The crown that awaits you is bright, be guided by truth and right. Daniel Orcutt.