NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. December. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1894. 25.6 34 in. 19.25 in. 1895. 31.52 4.5 ' 2 Highest Temp, during this mo. 58 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 0 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 5 ' snowy ' ' ' 3 ' ' clear ' ' ' 11 ' cloudy' ' ' 12 C. G. Reed. Jan. 1896. 'The days begin to lengthen And the cold begins to strengthen.' And O how strong it is too. On New Year's Day the mountain brook was 'rumbling and tumbling and roaring and pouring' down the hillside, and the air was just cool enough to create one of the prettiest and most interesting panoramas which Nature is pleased to give us. Fringes of transparent ice hung along its margin, while each obstacle to its steady flow was a 'thing of beauty.' It was a novelty to be roaming the brown hillsides on the first of January, to admire waterfalls etc., and while we liked the mild weather, we knew the cold was somewhere in keeping for us, and desired it to come in its season. But we have no longer any hopes nor fears for an open winter. Old Borealis has pressed the mercury down far into the zeros. Snow has covered the brown hillsides. The brook has gone to sleep i n its tracks, and the ice crop is growing, ready for the near harvest. In 'Ten Times One is Ten,' by Dr. E. E. Hale, how easily the whole world becomes a common brotherhood, by the simple process of forgetting self, and lifting up those about, into the light of love and kindly deeds. Self-improvement is good, but self-forgetfulness is better. Real good manners and courteous behavior, spring from kindness of heart. The humblest and sweetest of poets, beautifully says: 'Hope not the cure of sin till self is dead.' Amelia J. Calver. North Family. Jan. At present date the mercury marks zero, but up to the close of the old year the weather continued mild and beautiful, which, with abundant water supply enabled our good Brethren to change the location and appearance of a large woodpile. They have also been hauling gravel with which to improve the road leading to Lebanon Springs. Christmas-tide abounded with joy and blessing. A beautiful tree well hung with gifts was particularly appreciated by the youth and children who helpt in its decoration. Eecitations and offerings from old and young were a pleasant feature of the afternoon. On that occasion we commenced a change long desired by many in the family; two meals on that day and on Sabbaths for the future if found satisfactory. Although our written words may not 1896. THE MANIFESTO. 37 meet the eye of gospel friends until several weeks of the new year have passed, we hope that some spark of the Divine energy has sped our thought currents outward to mingle with their kindred-tide;the true desires, holy aspirations and earnest resolutions of other hearts to find indeed a New Year in spiritual progress. Strong in faith that 'God's work will stand;' debtors to the wise and the unwise, remembering failures and errors of the past only as lessons for the future; forgiving as we would be forgiven; loving as we would be loved, we desire to feel our souls united with all who are working for an increase of righteousness in the earth. Catherine Allen. Shakers, N. Y. North. Family. Jan. 1896. The festive season of Christinas and New Years have come and gone and with their advent have been renewed the pledges formerly given on such occasions to be more faithful in life's duties and help advance upward the great struggling soul of humanity. We enjoyed on Christinas day with our gospel kindred of the Society a time of spiritual refreshing, many testimonies being given appropriate to the occasion. Meeting was held at the Church at 10 o'clock a. m. Also on New Year's evening by invitation of the Elders of the North family, Society meeting was held at the North, the first one since we came here. It was some two hours long. Opening hymn, 'Season of Devotion.' It was with great pleasure that we held communion through the Jan. Manifesto with our beloved spiritual Father Elder Abraham Perkins; and it is joy to sit at the feet of such veterans and receive their ministrations. Brother Arthur Bruce of East Canterbury gave us a call for a day or two last month, and if we could have a few more calls from gospel friends at Canterbury and elsewhere how the smiles would illuminate our countenance and with what joy we would labor to minister to their comfort. Anticipation is a beneficial stimulant if the brightest and best in life is looked for; in the coming year we will labor to have this form of it the sun which will illuminate our pathway. Htmi/ton DeGraw. Harvard, Mass. Jan. 1896. According to Nature's inexorable laws we have passed the last stepping-stone in the yearly circuit of time. The old year now lies upon his bier, soon to be Luried in the dust of the past, while Boreas howls a mournful dirge in discordant notes. Sorrowful as well as happy memories cluster around the old, while the new born year, is sweetly slumbering upon its couch of joyful promises. Hope's bright star shines upon the future and we journey on, very much as before, till we are another circuit nearer that unknown land, 'where the wicked cease from troubling and the weary are at rest.' We commemorated Christmas in a manner befitting the day. A morning song announced the hour of rising. In the afternoon the young people entertained us with singing and personified rehearsals. All received some token of kind remembrance and thus the day was happily and profitably spent. May these holidays serve to awaken the latent good in the human heart that the world may be made better by them. In the early part of December winter asserted his powers so strongly that ice eight and nine inches thick was formed. All preparations for harvesting it were made, when the rain descended and in less time than it took to freeze, it was all gone, and we were disappointed. We are now hoping that winter is through his fickleness and we expect better things. Usual health in Society, and all are seeking to do duty in the spirit of 'Peace on earth and good-will to men.' Marcia M. Bullard. Shaker Station, Ct. Jan. 1896. 'Work while the day lasts,' said the Apostle. Let us strive to work for the good of others, to uplift some sinking soul, to strengthen and cheer some sinsick one. or arouse a weak and erring one to better endeavor. 'We are bound for heaven go we will.' If we make our own heaven we shall be sure to have it. Pure living, kindly acts and loving consideration make of home a heaven that one is in no haste to exchange for heaven above. Each day brings its duty, and we shall have no time to do wrong if we do those things that should be done. It makes the burden lighter on our journey home. Truth and virtue are sure to win. Let us pledge ourselves to be true. The Manifesto is a welcome visitor in our family, I enjoy reading it very much. It is a power for good. Our new corn-husker and fodder-cutter combined, is a success. It will husk 400 bushels a day. Now we can grow more corn. Daniel Orcutt. South Family. Jan. 1896. We have once more been permitted to start out on a New Year. From the past how many memories come thronging into the mind to cheer the swift-winged moments as they pass no more to return. And though we charge to-day with fleetness There is a melancholy sweetness In the name of days gone by. With firm and joyful steps we run the race that is set before us, cheered .onward by a cloud of witnesses who have attained the goal and received the crown. And is there not a voice whose sweet and powerful tones hush into stillness every anxious fear, and promises rest to the way-worn, with submission the truest solace of old age. The past month was unusually pleasant to close the year, and was favorable for out of door work, such as ploughing and preparing the land for^pring also for wood sawing. The greenhouse is fairly successful. We are getting some cucumbers for sale, and tomatoes on the way. Our products sell fairly well and we shall probably cover the expenses incurred in carrying it on this winter. January commenced quite pleasant has changed to cold high winds, but no snow. Health prevails in our midst. With increased zeal for the support of our loved Manifesto and a kindly greeting to all for the coming year. Maria Witham.