Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. December. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1894. 25.6 34 in. 19.25 in. 1895. 31.52 4.5 ' 2 Highest Temp, during this mo. 58 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 0 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 5 ' snowy ' ' ' 3 ' ' clear ' ' ' 11 ' cloudy' ' ' 12 C. G. Reed. Jan. 1896. 'The days begin to lengthen And the cold begins to strengthen.' And O how strong it is too. On New Year's Day the mountain brook was 'rumbling and tumbling and roaring and pouring' down the hillside, and the air was just cool enough to create one of the prettiest and most interesting panoramas which Nature is pleased to give us. Fringes of transparent ice hung along its margin, while each obstacle to its steady flow was a 'thing of beauty.' It was a novelty to be roaming the brown hillsides on the first of January, to admire waterfalls etc., and while we liked the mild weather, we knew the cold was somewhere in keeping for us, and desired it to come in its season. But we have no longer any hopes nor fears for an open winter. Old Borealis has pressed the mercury down far into the zeros. Snow has covered the brown hillsides. The brook has gone to sleep i n its tracks, and the ice crop is growing, ready for the near harvest. In 'Ten Times One is Ten,' by Dr. E. E. Hale, how easily the whole world becomes a common brotherhood, by the simple process of forgetting self, and lifting up those about, into the light of love and kindly deeds. Self-improvement is good, but self-forgetfulness is better. Real good manners and courteous behavior, spring from kindness of heart. The humblest and sweetest of poets, beautifully says: 'Hope not the cure of sin till self is dead.' Amelia J. Calver. North Family. Jan. At present date the mercury marks zero, but up to the close of the old year the weather continued mild and beautiful, which, with abundant water supply enabled our good Brethren to change the location and appearance of a large woodpile. They have also been hauling gravel with which to improve the road leading to Lebanon Springs. Christmas-tide abounded with joy and blessing. A beautiful tree well hung with gifts was particularly appreciated by the youth and children who helpt in its decoration. Eecitations and offerings from old and young were a pleasant feature of the afternoon. On that occasion we commenced a change long desired by many in the family; two meals on that day and on Sabbaths for the future if found satisfactory. Although our written words may not 1896. THE MANIFESTO. 37 meet the eye of gospel friends until several weeks of the new year have passed, we hope that some spark of the Divine energy has sped our thought currents outward to mingle with their kindred-tide;the true desires, holy aspirations and earnest resolutions of other hearts to find indeed a New Year in spiritual progress. Strong in faith that 'God's work will stand;' debtors to the wise and the unwise, remembering failures and errors of the past only as lessons for the future; forgiving as we would be forgiven; loving as we would be loved, we desire to feel our souls united with all who are working for an increase of righteousness in the earth. Catherine Allen.