CHRISTIAN REPOSE. By Oliver C. Hampton. 'TjlAITH in God, in Christ and Mother is the first requisite toward ClirisJL' tian repose, but it is not the only one. To be sure, without this it is impossible to attain to celestial tranquility, but with this alone, it is also impossible. So long as anything with which the mind is connected seems unpleasant, peace and rest will continue to be wanting. But these unpleasant states of mind can be removed in two ways. First by removing the cause if possible. If this can not be done, then second, by patient, cheerful waiting and endurance. This is mental and spiritual discipline, and though sometimes painful, yet is indispensably necessary for without it Christian repose is out of the question. This discipline is easily found if we will only wait and take it as it comes. Our abnormal conditions may be pain, sorrow, and even agony at times. It may be selfishness, envy or revenge; it may be a desire for carnal indulgences ; but the endurance of this discipline may be made valuable by some relieving considerations which crop out with my experience of later years and afford great comfort at times. If moved to anger, in every instance I feel better and rejoice in my spirit if I give no vent in angry words. Spiritual repose and serenity soon follow. In sorrow, from whatever cause, I ask myself, 'Is this normal? Does the spirit of the Lord ever feel sorrowful?' I answer, 'Never.' Then if 'I and my Father are one,' this sorrow and agony are abnormal, so 'I look to the rock that is higher than I' and ask for a measure of consolation from the infinite store-bouse of all consolation to fill this vaccuum in my spirit. Soon better feelings prevail and sweet Christian repose silently settles upon me like the dew of Herman and as silently, for noise, tumult and war are not favorable to the removal of sorrow. I say from the Bible, 'Be still and know that I am God,' or, 'Stand still and see the salvation of God.' So, gradually the sun comes out and the clouds of sorrow take to themselves wings and silently pass away. If anything like envy appear, I say 'All the good of the universe is on its way to you and how foolish you must be to envy the little tittle of enjoyment some one has who waited for it for years. Then I try to rejoice in the good fortune of him who was the envied object. Then envy dies and love overflows on all. When low or sensual thoughts intrude upon the mind how beautiful and salutary is prayer. One who seeks shelter in this good gift is soon able to cause low suggestions to flee, even to the uttermost parts of Egypt, leaving the emancipated spirit in profound Christian peace and repose. There is one perpetual consolation that can never wane nor grow faint through our long journey to our destined rest,that is, that these periods of uneasiness and discontent became fewer and fewer, and farther and farther between, in the Christian's life and finally culminate in invulnerable peace and everlasting joy. Union Village, O.