Shaker Station, Ct. Jan. 1896. 'Work while the day lasts,' said the Apostle. Let us strive to work for the good of others, to uplift some sinking soul, to strengthen and cheer some sinsick one. or arouse a weak and erring one to better endeavor. 'We are bound for heaven go we will.' If we make our own heaven we shall be sure to have it. Pure living, kindly acts and loving consideration make of home a heaven that one is in no haste to exchange for heaven above. Each day brings its duty, and we shall have no time to do wrong if we do those things that should be done. It makes the burden lighter on our journey home. Truth and virtue are sure to win. Let us pledge ourselves to be true. The Manifesto is a welcome visitor in our family, I enjoy reading it very much. It is a power for good. Our new corn-husker and fodder-cutter combined, is a success. It will husk 400 bushels a day. Now we can grow more corn. Daniel Orcutt. South Family. Jan. 1896. We have once more been permitted to start out on a New Year. From the past how many memories come thronging into the mind to cheer the swift-winged moments as they pass no more to return. And though we charge to-day with fleetness There is a melancholy sweetness In the name of days gone by. With firm and joyful steps we run the race that is set before us, cheered .onward by a cloud of witnesses who have attained the goal and received the crown. And is there not a voice whose sweet and powerful tones hush into stillness every anxious fear, and promises rest to the way-worn, with submission the truest solace of old age. The past month was unusually pleasant to close the year, and was favorable for out of door work, such as ploughing and preparing the land for^pring also for wood sawing. The greenhouse is fairly successful. We are getting some cucumbers for sale, and tomatoes on the way. Our products sell fairly well and we shall probably cover the expenses incurred in carrying it on this winter. January commenced quite pleasant has changed to cold high winds, but no snow. Health prevails in our midst. With increased zeal for the support of our loved Manifesto and a kindly greeting to all for the coming year. Maria Witham.