AMONG THE OSGOODITES. By Henry C. Blinn. It was on a Suuday morning, several years since that Br. Colby and wife and Sister Grover held religious services in the school-house in District No. 2. As the disciples of Jacob Osgood are not very numerous, and their meetings held only semi-occasionally, there may be many a wise man who has not been privileged to be with them on the Sabbath. From a little book which we purchased at the close of the service, we are enabled to learn authentically some things concerning the 'Life and Christian Experiences' of Jacob Osgood, or as he is known by his followers, the 'Prophet Jacob.' Jacob was born March 16, 1177 in South Hampton, N. H. When twelve years of age he moved to the town of Warner with his parents. At fourteen he was the subject of deep, religious impressions, but did not join the church till he had reached his twenty-first year. The church members, however, could not appreciate the Prophet very highly as they were unable to regulate him in his manner of preaching. In 1812 he announced himself the leader of a distinct order, and from that time the sect was known as the 'Osgoodites.' The society arose in Merrimao Co., and held almost wholly within its boundaries. In the western part of the town of Canterbury is a section now known as 'Zion's Hill,' a beautiful location, which was formerly the abode of several members or this church. In speaking of his own people, Br. Osgood says,'The sect suffered much from persecution. Oct. 4, 1820, they took Br. Wheeler and put him in Hopkinton jail for his faith in Christ. They robbed Br. Wheeler of between six and seven thousand of brick. They drove off Br. Morrill's cow which was worth twenty dollars.' The 'Prophet' follows up a long list of persecutions which were inflicted upon his people, and then notes a reaction of peculiar significance. 'In 1826, God made grasshoppers and they troubled the persecutors and ate up almost all before them; but they did not hurt my farm much.' From his own testimony, it would seem that the church people dreaded to see the Prophet enter their places of worship. While speaking in one of these churches 'the young preacher jumped up and commanded Br. Osgood to stop;saying, 'It is my meeting.' Br. Osgood answered; 'I guess it is your meeting, it isn't God's' and sat down.' His biographer says that the Prophet, at one time, weighed not less than 356 lbs. He died in Warner, Nov. 29, 1844, at the age of 68 years. Kesuming our stoiy,We were pleasantly surprised on our arrival at the little, lonely hall of education, in the western part of Canterbury, to find that so many were already in advance of ourselves. Nearly every seat was occupied at this early hour, and before the services closed the room was densely packed, while many were obliged to listen by the doors and windows. The congregation which had met for worshipful interest, or for instruction or for curiosity, included members from many of the best Christian families within a circle of some eight or ten miles, to which was added a fair representation of 'City boarders.' Br. Colby occupied a chair in front of the Teacher's desk. Throwing off his coat, he conducted the services in his shirt sleeves. He had no especial form of ceremonies; but accommodated himself to the necessities of the hour, by standing or sitting, while he addressed the audience. He informed us that he had been in the faith some forty years. During the meeting he made several exhortations in a plain, straightforward manner, but dealt unsparingly with the churches, the ministers and the temperance societies. He thought the ministers were a pest on the earth. They worked on Sunday and for this were paid large salaries, and yet they were always begging for more. 'Where do we read in the Bible' said THE MANIFES TO. 53 he, 'that the prophets and apostles were ever paid for preaching the gospel?' He made free and extended remarks, having reference to the temperance societies, but which he preferred to designate as 'Cold water societies.' At one time the curse of their preaching was so powerful,' said he, 'that for fifteen years the apple crop was almost a failure throughout New England.' As the Prophet Jacob, however, had blessed the orchard and the vine, the speaker thought that the prophet had prevailed over all his enemies, and the apple trees and the grape vines were again yielding bountiful returns to the faithful husbandman. Mrs. G-rover, or Aunt Sally, as she was familiarly addressed, after making a few remarks against the habit of lying and stealing, kneeled, alone, in prayer. Her humble petition to God was eminently practical, and no doubt proved as effectual as many of greater pretentious. At the close of the prayer she sung a hymn, which had been committed to memory. When Christians to Mt. Zion start, They leave the world behind; They leave their spirit and their pride A better world to find. And as they travel on this way Some people, they will cry Come hack! come hack! and stay with me Or you will surely die. And if you meet Apollyon You must with courage stand; And never turn your back to him, But do the best you can; And if you will stand fast in faith, He soon will have to run, This is the way, my brethren dear, That we must overcome. Br. Colby also sung a hymn of eleven verses, giving an account of a plague of locusts. As the piece closed we learned that, by the prayer of the Prophet Jacob, the locusts were driven away. 'In eighteen hundred thirty-two A band of locusts hove in view They had great meetings all around They were quite thick in every town.' Those interested in the entire hymn can obtain it of Br. Colby. Before the close of the service an invitation was given for any one to speak, and several persons availed themselves of the opportunity. Br. Colby next exhorted all to come to Christ, to the only true church, and save their souls from the sins of the world. He then made the closing prayer. Ko change of position was needed. Eemaining seated, and rocking easily in his chair, he offered up a sympathetic and universal invocation. As in every place of religious worship there may be some chaff among the wheat, still it must have been a stolid mind that did not obtain a treasure of good by this peculiar privilege. The neglect to maintain order during the service was most unfortunate as it gave a license to a few unbalanced minds to trespass upon the kindness of our Osgoodite friends, by laughing and talking so that they might be heard across the room. Alter dismissal, a general good feeling prevailed and Br. Colby and the two sisters conversed with us quite freely. East Canterbury, N. H.