SAVIORS. IT has been more than one hundred years since Mother Ann Lee published the testimony of the gospel of the Christ, in this country or since the Shakers moved into the town of Watervliet, N. Y. After reaching their new home they toiled faithfully for three years to establish a soceity on a religious foundation, without having any accessions to their order. To some of the company this was very discouraging, but Mother Ann never doubted the sacredness of her mission. She placed her trust in God, and in the spring of 1780 the Believers were visited by people from many of the adjoining towns. The word of God was preached and the testimony of the cross accepted. Ignorant and simple minded people circulated the story that the Shakers worshiped Ann Lee, and in accepting her doctrine they must ignore the doctrine of Jesus the Christ. Ignorance, like every other thing, will have a place and a chance to display itself and it does not hesitate to appear before the public to be heard in its own defense. A minister on meeting one of the Shaker Elders, said to him,'I understand that the Shakers worship a woman,Ann Lee.' We worship neither man nor woman, said the Elder, but we worship the Christ, whether it be found in man, woman or child. Jesus, as history informs us, was the son of a Jew and was born in Bethlehem. His father was a carpenter and Jesus worked with his father till he was thirty years of age. Ann Lee was the daughter of an Englishman, and was born in Manchester, England. Jesus earned his daily bread as a carpenter. Ann Lee earned her daily bread as a domestic or servant. These Saviors thru moral and spiritual discipline arose to a position from which they were called as instruments in the hands of God to accomplish a spiritual work for the peace and salvation of mankind. Moses, Joshua, Deborah, Samuel, David and others received largely of the same spirit and were engaged as leaders of the religious work of their day. Other saviors have arisen with more or less light, in the civil and religious world, and have so advanced the cause of freedom of thought and action that in all fully civilized countries every one can worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. Thru our great distance from those of the first advent of the Christ, and thru the legendary stories that have been written and thru the confusion of religious tongues and of creeds and of churchal dogmas that 50 THE MANIFESTO. have arisen in the world and have been forced upon the minds of men, we have been induced to believe many things for which there can be no substantial evidence. Of this one thing, however, we are quite certain. All good comes from God and the manifestations of righteousness are received of God by his witnesses and then given to man. George Fox the first Quaker was a shoemaker, and yet a man inspired of God, in whose heart the spirit of the Christ found a receptive place, and the doctrine of non-resistance which he urged upon his people has never been excelled since that day. It was thru a daily self-denial that Ann Lee received the spirit of God and become one of the saviors that should stand upon the Mount Zion. 'Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus the Christ,' 'who is the power of God and the wisdom of God.' In the power of this spirit Ann Lee became a savior of the children of men, and thru her faithfulness in teaching her followers to build on the foundation,Christ, in the power and wisdom of God, she aided largely' to save her people from the sins of the world. Other 'saviors shall come upon Mount Zion and the kingdom shall be the Lord's.' A savior is one that saves, and salvation may be equally, as well for the body as for the soul. The savior who could heal the multitplied diseases of the civilized world of to-day, would stand in an exalted position. But above this would stand the one who carries the healing balm for the many diseases that afflict the moral and spiritual world. If the testimony which Ann Lee delivered before the world is allowed to be obscured by the rubbish that may accumulate around worldly minded Christians it will inevitably result in the loss of that soul. The foundation has been laid on which to build and Jesus has said, 'Follow me.' To follow is death to the worldly mind, but the the beautiful promise in return is the treasure of eternal life. Our Lord Jesus may have gone before us to glory, nearly two thousand years, and Mother Ann may have passed on for more than an hundred years, and still we need, to-day, living Saviors of a living God, who can be to us what Jesus was to his disciples and what Mother Ann was to her faithful children. To call on the name of Jesus because it has become a popular expression of the churches, is worship without vitality and of no more use than the 'sounding brass or tinkling cymbal.' All our protestations of care and deep anxiety for the cross of Christ is no more than the blowing of so much wind, unless our lives correspond in the thoughts we cultivate, in the words we speak and in the work which we perform. H. C. Blinn.