AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF CHAS. D. HAMPTON OF UNION VILLAGE, O. NO. 2. IN the progress of my experience a change came over the vision of my life. From viewing the face of affairs in the moral, political and religious world, my unseen adviser commenced a close examination of my own particular moral standing as a rational and accountable being. He began to expose to my mental vision the secret motives which moved me to action ; showed me their interior indications of selfishness, and seriously called in question their sincerity, purity and sound integrity. My internal state and real moral condition was shown up as clear as anything had previously been exhibited and my partial, selfish feelings were arraigned as being in antagonism with the general good and as having a tendency to perpetuate the evils of existence and to poison the streams of human life. About this time in the course of my experience, I became feelingly sensible of the operation of an influence acting independent of the operations of my own mind or the suggestions of my own will, often strangely producing effects even contrary to my own voluntary volitions. Sometimes it opened before me a flood of light and such a power of perception on a particular subject as would enlighten my understanding to see with unerring certainty the truth of a proposition which I had previously rejected and thus commanding my assent and final belief. At other times by an intuitive perception, which at first sight was repugnant to my former mode of thought and entirely foreign from any view of the subject which had ever before been presented to my view. Thus my MARCH 42 THE MANIFESTO. familiarity with this unseen 'mentor' increased daily and my confidence in his wisdom, justice and purity continued to increase with our aquaintance until I found myself almost constantly in his company and listening to his counsels. Our intimacy continued until I yielded almost entire obedience to his suggestions and submitted my difficulties to the censorship of his decisions and always found increasing safety and protection from his friendly and faithful guardianship. About this time a circumstance occurred which I will record as it shows the stronghold my unseen friend had gained on my feelings, and how awrse I was to do anything which might mar the amicable relation between us. In the town where I resided there lived a man who had been an old schoolmate. Between us for a long time had unhappily existed a state of open, undisguised enmity in our feelings so far that we did not speak to one another when we met, or give the most remote recognition of a friendly disposition. We finally settled down into a formal indifference, and a most thorough contempt for one another, and it seemed probable to all that it would continue through all coming time. Sitting in the presence of my kind instructor and having grown so familiar as to hold converse with him by plain question and answer, and entirely unsuspicious of the existence of anything wrong in my own case, the following soliloquy took place. Mentor.You have done well. You have been guided by my counsel and have been favored in all your understanding. Your mind is tranquil and thankful for my aid and protection. I have hitherto required nothing at your hand, but to enjoy life and do nothing wrong in your knowledge, but the pathway of the just can only grow brighter by the renunciation of self and the mortification of pride. Are you ready to malve a sacrifice? Ansiver.I am ready to make any sacrifice which your goodness may demand, only grant me the continuation of your kind protection. Mentor.It is required of you that you humble yourself to Jthat you confess in his presence the way you have spoken of him and the contempt with which you have treated him, and in all things in which you have misused and ill-treated him, you must make all the reparation of which you are capable. Confess it all in his presence and then ask his forgiveness for the injury you have done him. Horror-stricken at the idea of humbling myself in the presence of my equal, and of all men the most hateful. I attempted to reason the matter. It seems to me unfair to descend to him in this abject manner as I can not help thinking of him as most to blame. He,has said and done everything to injure and distress me and to make life uncomfortable. Mentor.What he has done he is accountable for and he alone must bear it, but you must do right whether any other one does or not. To you it has not been awarded to judge your brother. Your present peace and justification can only be maintained by obedience to my request. THE MANIFESTO. 43 After long meditation on the subject and summoning all the fortitude of which I was master, I aro^e from my chair and walked slowly to the door. I intended to comply with the command of my instructor. To my utter astonishment I met the very man at the door. I faltered a moment through excess of my feelings and then in a subdued tone of voice invited him to come in and sit down. He did so and after a few moments silence, I commenced my confession and honestly exposed the errors of my conduct in regard to him, to the best of my ability and asked his forgiveness. When I began he scowled on me most contemptuously, but as I proceeded and taking all the blame to myself and laying nothing to his charge, his countenance changed and became profoundly solemn. His lips trernbled, tears flowed from his eyes which he had no power to suppress, and he soon melted into a kind and forgiving spirit. Both of us were overcome by the intensity of pur feelings and rushing into each others' arms, silently buried every inharmonious sentiment, and the accumulated wrath of months and years was swept away, and forgotten forever. A mutual cultivation of kind feelings was entered into and all our disunion was conquered and subdued. After this scene my mind became remarkably calm and my soul seemed to be bathed in an ocean of love, and for many days the measure of my joy was full. My self-love was extremely mortified, but my interior consciousness was strengthened and I retained the friendship of my guardian spirit. I felt in truth that righteousness was on my side, and my time for many weeks rolled on as a placid stream, and I was strengthened and instructed and it began to seem as though the bitterness of death had passed, and the bright morning of eternal life was just dawning in my spirit. I was thus solacing my soul in its infant, spiritual existence, and was instructed in its visions which were continually opening to my astonished view. I was now subjected to another test. Sitting in my room, and enjoying the society and converse of my spiritual attendant, the following scene was opened. (To be continued.)