NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. North Family. Feb. 1896. Two months of the New Year already passed. How rapid the flight of time reminding us that it is too precious to waste in idle revery. The poet asks 'What is Time? The shadow on the dial, the striking of the clock, the running of the sand, day and night, summer and winter, months, years, centuries, these are but arbitrary and outward signs, the measure of time not time itself. Time is the life of the soul.' To improve it righteously is of all importance. February 3rd, Brethren commenced the ice harvest, it took but two days as the large house for cold storage is out of repair, and the season is not a favorable time for making improvements, the small one alone was filled, which holds sufficient for all necessities. The ice is conveyed direct from reservoir to storage room, by means of a slide regulated by crank and rope. Though the winter by some is thought to be rather unhealthy not having the heights and depths of snow-banks to encounter, yet colds and influenzas have kept their proper distance with majority, and we hope it will continue thus throughout the remaining season. Health is a .blessing to body and soul. jThe mind affects the delicate members of the body, and when out of tune, the vibration in the physical world is very discordant. To be attuned to all that is good and beautiful we must remember that the 'Golden age is not behind us, but before us. Sarah J. Burger. Shakers, N. Y. North Family. Feb. 1896. When the anouncement came to us that our Manifesto would discontinue its publication for the present, we were depressed at the visible lowering of the banner that had so long waved, upholding the testimony of the higher life. But when the report came that it would continue its monthly mission, the reaction was great, and we felt like shouting Glory! long live The Manifesto. The feeling here at the North family is unanimous for its prosperity and continuance. Our winter to present date lias been an average winter. Not as much snow as the preceeding one, but enough to make fair sledding, which has been improved in hauling logs and fire wood. We are looking anxiously to the opening of the season in which begins active operations on the garden and farm and earnestly hope that the tillers of the soil may have a fruitful year and enjoy a bountiful harvest. From your Brother who continues to work for the success of the cause. Hamilton DeGraiv.