THE CHRIST OF THE AGES. By Aurelia G. Mace. 'Ring out the darkness of the land, Ring in the Christ that is to be.' IN the January 'Humanitarian' is a communication by Paul Tyner entitled 'The Christ Ideal in Shakerism.' He says that the spirit of Jesus came to our Mother Ann Lee when she was in prison in Manchester, England. No doubt it was Jesus, the Christ, for from that time she was clothed with the Christ as with a garment. In that prison more than one hundred and twenty-five years ago, principles were revealed unto her which the development of the Sciences have been unable to overthrow. Principles that will stand to the end of time. The Revelation which she received was a harvest from the generative life. Also that the mission of Jesus upon the earth was to teach a higher life to those who were able to receive the doctrine. When she returned to her people from the prison, she took up the work where Jesus had left it, and her followers were not of the world even as the followers of Jesus, in his day, were not of the world. In the Order or Community which she founded, she was second to Jesus. Jesus was the first to teach the higher life, Ann Lee was the second. Both were inspired by 'The Christ.' Our Mother being second to Jesus in the Shaker Order, was the cause of her followers making use of the expression, 'Christ made his Second Appearance in Ann Lee.' Christ had appeared in thousands before our Mother lived, and also before the days of Jesus. New truths have been revealed to the disciples of Mother Ann from time to time, ever since the Shaker Order has been established. Our brother, 46 THE MANIFESTO. Paul Tyner is right in this, fast upon the downfall of the generative life has come the enlightenment. Creeds have fallen before the Star of Revelation. The Trinity is dethroned. God is our Heavenly Father and Mother. The Atonement by the death of Jesus has passed away. Endless punishment is also routed, and an angry God is no more. But the sinner finds punishment enough. Each must atone for his own sins, by bringing them to the light and forsaking them forever. When reformation is complete the punishment is removed. Progression after death is also established. A travel of the soul from one degree of grace and glory to another forever and ever. A soul can recede from G-od after death, yet the farther he gets away the harder he will find it to return, but return he must, sooner or later. Even the Parsees bring back their first old evil one, Ahriman and his rebellious host. After being purified by fire they all return and are forgiven. In the Shaker Community woman has taken her place as an equal with man, by intellectual if not by physical strength. Where there is an Elder, there ' i's also an Eldress, where there is a Deacon, there is a Deaconess, considered equal in their powers of government. ' A Shaker must live in the light, he must walk the straight path of purity, and consecrate himself and all that he has to the upbuildi'ng f the cause1, should he depart from either of these principles he ceases to be'a Shaker. The arts and sciences, in a future day, will flourish under the patronage of those living the highest life,the Shaker life. 'Heretofore the1 work'of drawing the lines between flesh and spirit'have be'en so great that there has been no time to give to any other thought but that of watching'kll' the 'avenues to keep out the evils that might enter and destroy the good that had been gained. In the New Heavens arid Uew Earth, all that is pure and elevating in Art and the Sciences will be understood and appreciated. Sabbathday Lake, Me.