PICKPOCKETS. By Granville T. Sprout. 'Delays,' says a quaint writer, 'are the pickpockets of time. The sun does not wait for his hot water or his boots, but gets up at once. Delays are like sponges, they wipe out all our good intentions.' Fretfulness is a pickpocket. We spend more time in fretting over one evil than it would take to cure a thousand. 'If this and that had not happened,' we say; 'or if it had only been so and so,' and then we sit down and fold our hands and fret, instead of rising with clenched fists to light and overcome the evil of which we complain. Care is a pickpocket, an arrant thief; with a file in his hand he tugs away at the bolts and bars of life and digs into the foundation of the strongest citadel. No Burroughs, with his steel and aquafortis is half so busy as he, lie will break through stone walls and barred windows and steal away all the sweet wine of life. Pleasures are pickpockets. They rob us of our armor and leave us weak and helpless in the battle of life. We grow weak in the sun of prosperity, lying down and basking in it like the Dutch captain in the story who, in a calm at sea tied up his rudder, got drunk, laid down and went to sleep heedless of the rocks on to which his vessel was drifting. Great talkers are pickpockets. They steal from us our minutes which are the 'golden sands of life.' They talk on, who of all persons have the least to say, stealing at once our own precious time and their own borrowed moments thus committing a double theft. Working energetic men have always been impatient of such. 'Madam,' said the sarcastic old Dr. Abernethy to a patient who was describing to him her disease with a tongue that ran like a trip-hammer, 'Madam how much longer time will it take you to finish your story? I was thinking, I have a patient across the way, I will go and visit her, in the meantime you can sit here and keep on talking, I will return in about half an hour, perhaps in that time you will have finished your story.' Idlers are the greatest pickpockets. One would think that time was to them a gift to be treated as a child treats its toys, to be broken to pieces and thrown away. Do not parley with such, but make them feel by word and example, how highly you prize the wealth that they so lightly esteem. 'Have you any business with me?' Cecil used to say to those persons who taxed his time too heavily, 'If you have not, pray excuse me, because Time and I have weighty business together.' ''You are welcome to my house, my grounds, my horses, my pictures, my books, but I cannot say thus to you of the best portion of my estatemy time.' A ate great scholar and statesman used to say to his guests, after having devoted to them what time he could well spare from other duties: If I have ever been able to do anything worth mentioning in life it has been by setting a trap to catch the minutes. Canaan, N. Y.