NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. February. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1895. 20.18 0 in. 24 in. 1896. 24.69 2.75 ' 25 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 50 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 20 ' ' Number of rainy days '' ' 2 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 12 ' ' clear ' ' ' 4 ' cloudy' ' ' 11 C. Q. Reed. Center family. March, 1896. Some time has elapsed since we have offered the least contribution to the Manifesto, and now we have but a few items. While I write a furious storm is raging without, giving a reminder that March does not promise an early spring; we hope however for better weather when this month shall have passed. I am much pleased with the last Manifesto; some of the articles are very interesting, not the least of which is the one by Sr. Aurelia G. Mace. Others are good but I was especially pleased with this as it gives voice to the testimony of Jesus the Christ and Ann the Christ. It is absolutely necessary for us as a people that we keep this testimony before the world and in our own homes, otherwise the spirit of the world will overshadow ns. There is danger of our laying down the weapons of our warfare. 'Let your light so shine, that others seeing your good works may glorify your Father which is in heaven.' Light is shining all over the civilized world, not only spiritual light but scientific and all that relates to man in the whole physical domain and we need to keep abreast of all truth whether natural or spiritual. Light is sown for the righteous, and joy for the upright in heart. The redemption of man can be brought about by the cross of self-denial only; this will make us strong and powerful for good and whether there be few or many living as Jesus Christ and Mother Ann taught and lived, such will be a mighty power for good in the earth. Timothy D. Ray son. Shakers, N. Y. North Family. March, 1896. 'Stormy March has come at last.' Whether it will be a month that represents the character given it by the poet, time will tell; but the promise that was given of old of 'seed-time and harvest,' is true as the lengthening days announce approaching seed-time. February closed its record with a heavy rain flooding the ponds and creeks and covering the adjacent lowlands with water. To all the lovers of flowers the beautifully illustrated catalogues of the seedsmen with their varied collections, furnish an abundant source from which to supply those wants and satisfy the taste for the beautiful that every normally developed TERMS. 68 THE MANIFESTO. human being is endowed with, and of those who come to our table none exceed in their collections the publication of James Vick's Sons, Rochester, N. Y. How truly the poet illustrates the love for the beautiful in the following lines. 'And with child-like credulous affection We behold their tender buds expand ; Emblems of our own great resurrection, Emblems of the bright and better land.' We think that the sick man had the best of the Deacon, and was justified in not accepting the offer for prayers, hope the testimony will go forth so strong against the filthy habit of tobacco using that it will become obsolete. Hamilton DeGraw. West Pittsfield, Mass. March, 189G. Hakd colds, accompanied with long, tiresome coughs have been in market all winter and many have had occasion to regret unwise bargains made in that line, but winter has not always shown its gloomy side; just enough clouding to make the light spots brighter and give more pleasing contrast to the picture. Three times the large double sleigh, headed by two wide awake horses, held in check by Br. Ira's skillful hands, has taken a company out to test the merits of the glistening, white snow. Perhaps it is too late to talk about the holidays, but it is one of the bright spots in our memory. On Christmas evening, a brief Entertainment was given, followed by a magic lantern exhibition, and last, but not least, the famous tree presentation. This resembled a captive queen, as one and another of its pretty ornaments were bestowed on eager waiters until, left entirely destitute, its skelelon fingers shamed all partakers of so cruel a plot. Some two weeks ago we enjoyed a day of social and mental profit, with our North family friends who visited us, after which we would place the time worn phrase, 'To be continued next month.' Our family dwelling has been improved by the addition of cypress wood doors at the main entrance and at the meeting room. So through the coming years we shall have no trouble in welcoming friends to our house and home, as they will swing easily on their new hinges. From the busy hum of the saw and tho appearance of the wood yard, we infer that a whole tribe of our mountain hermits have been taken from their homes and are rapidly being changed into forms of usefulness. A few days of warm weather thawed the ice and snow, and then a severe cold blast froze its smooth surface until the yard is a path too smooth for mortal feet to tread. To look downward we see nothing but the dangers of the ice, but raise our eyes and we discern many forms of marvelous beauty. Every twig glistens with tiny jewels and each branch is encircled with diamonds, while the depending icycles look like silvery fringes in the sunlight. So it often is. If our eyes be continually fixed on the realities of life, we grow unconscious of the beauty around us. The thoughts become engrossed with care, while just above us, and beautifying all around are the jewels of mercy depending for our comfort and benefit. Fidelia Estabrook. Shaker Station, Ct. March, 1896. 'To be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace.' If we keep our hearts pure, our aspirations holy, our thoughts mild and humble, our souls ever opened heavenward, we shall be enriched with the fruits of the Spirit, which are peace, joy and love. Let us breathe more of the pure air of heaven, and be strengthened by the sweet songs of peace the angels sing. Denying self makes peace. Let us hope on though we meet with discouragement. We have the same God and heaven and truth; the same duties and the same helpers. Let us hope in God. Let us be courageous and noble- THE MANIFESTO. 69 minded; our own heart, and not other men's opinions of us form our true honor. Duty can not be neglected without harm to those who practice as well as to those who suffer the neglect. 'The Cathedrals of England were many years in building. Bristol Cathedral surpasses all others, 522 years having elapsed between its commencement in 1306, and its completion in 1888. ****** * Time intelligently given to poultry will pay equally well with that given to any other kind of farm work, and where too many are not kept it may be done at such times as not to interfere with other important work. Outside of any pecuniary benefit it pays well in furnishing fresh eggs for the family. Daniel Orcuit. South Family. March, 1896. We have experienced a remarkable winter, in that we have had some of the coldest and warmest weather known in any one winter. It will be a very hard season on new seeded land, for which the worst condition is this constant freezing and thawing; which is also bad for the sick. We note the absence of snow; the warm heavy rains we had lately caused the Connecticut to rise higher than in thirty years. We hear at times several song birds whose notes gladden our hearts at the sound of prospective spring. Experience has demonstrated that such a winter is often followed by a late spring. An Ornithologist informs us that some rare birds have been seen in this neighborhood lately;notably, two Lapland longspurs or Greenland Nightingales, a bird which breeds near the shores of the Arctic ocean and sings on the wing. These birds were seen in February; Savannah, and tree sparrows, Eed-winged blackbird, kSnow Bunting, Red-poll Downy wood-pecker, Brown creeper, White bellied nuthatch, Eed-tailed and rough-legged hawks, Murgauser, Chickadee, and Butcher birds. Now a very interesting question presents itself to the bird lovers, namely, Will the Bluebirds return in strong force this spring? Last winter thousands were destroyed by the unusually severe winter in the south. We would ever be thankful for the blessings we enjoy. Maria Witham.