WHAT CONSTITUTES CIVILIZATION? By Hamilton DeGraw. THE gradations of human society ranging from the savage to the barbaric and upward to the so-called civilized nations, are only comparisons illustrating the truth of the evolution of man from types of life lower than any now existing. That he was created perfect and by violating the laws of that perfect life, he fell from the estate bequeathed to him through no effort of his own is absurd ; for if perfection had been attained which is only comparative, retrogression would have been impossible. Superficially observed, our question may appear absurd, but in the light of the events of the closing decade of the nineteenth century when the struggle 62 THE MANIFESTO. to break away from certain social and religious conditions transmitted from the past is nearing a climax, and the allegorical conflict between the archangel and the dragon is preparing to be enacted in human society on a scale far transcending any ever experienced, the perfect propriety of the question must be admitted. The inventive genius of man is a powerful auxiliary to assist him in his advancement towards a true civilization if rightly used ; ah, there is the rub; but if not a powerful engine used for his own destruction. The art of print ing, the development of the latent forces of steam and the electric power, and the many devices by which the intellect has conquered the material world and compelled it to do homage are only a means to an end, and not the final result. To those who are enjoying the political and religious freedom of the present day, who would be willing to go back to the times of the Spanish Inquisition and consider them civilized? When we read in military reports the expression, 'civilized warfare' we are led to exclaim 'O consistency thou art a jewel' and the propriety of our question becomes more apparent. That the past has transmitted to us conditions that are fixed and eternal because founded upon truth is admitted. That the so-called civilizations of to-day have attained to that development where they can claim a monopoly of the truth over the older, we deny. The one-sided development that has been going on for ages has had the tendency to make human character angular ; but thanks to the more civilized methods in vogue the discordant tones are becoming less. We boast of our 'modern civilization.'' Hear what Emerson says,'Beware when the great God lets loose a thinker on this planet.' Then all things are at a risk. There is not a piece of sciencp but its flank may be turned to-morrow ; there is not any literary reparation, not the so-called eternal names of fame, that may not be revised and condemned. The very hopes of man, the thoughts of his heart, the religion of nations, the names and morals of mankind are all at the mercy of a new generalization. The artificial gradations of human society are transmitted from the past, when physical force was the dominant factor that produced the apparent superiority over the weaker, the stronger asserting the right to rule. The term artificial is used in contradistinction of the normal faculties, the development in different individuals being widely divergent. As the intellectual and moral faculties became more developed, wealth which many times is accumulated through brute force or the ability to outwit his neighbor became the cause that produced class distinction, with the different developments of the intellectual powers, which it is the destiny of a true civilization to remove by eliminating the conditions that make it possible for these artificial barriers to exist. The question will be asked how will we proceed to remove those conditions that have existed so long that the very fiber of human life is permeated with them? By efforts being made to educate the lower types THE MANIFESTO. 63 and elevate them to the standard of the highest. This is not a Utopian dream, but a condition of life that is capable of, and will be realized to a greater extent as the race advances toward a true civilization. The instinct of the race that caused it to care for its own exclusively, was probably necessary in the lower phases of development. In that primitive state of society the social faculties had not manifested themselves, but when the social instincts began to develop and take their proper place as one of normal faculties, showing to man that he can not live for himself alone ; that his individual interests are so closely associated with those of his fellows that if one suffers the whole body feels the pain. Such examples as the reign of terror in France should be evidence enough to prove that however high the intellectual and material culture may be, that it is not civilization; and the enormous fortunes that have been accumulated in a short time in America, giving a power to the aristocracy of wealth that is causing combinations antagonistic to them; which is the logical result as the law of self-preservation must be used to protect society against itself but contrary to the highest feelings of a civilized life. While we have exercised adverse criticism in replying to claims made by those who hold that civilization consists merely in the subjugation and development of the material forces, we will now show on what lines an advancement is being made toward that much desired goal. The settlement of the question regarding the right of one human being to make a chattel of another, on the basis of the divine right of all regardless of race or color, to life liberty and the pursuit of happiness which the nations of the earth claiming the most advanced culture have succeeded in doing, removing a barrier that prevented their onward march to a still higher unfoldment; has given evidence that though at times temporarily retarded, they are moving along on the lines that will eventually evolve a true civilization. The humanitarian principle, or the duty that devolves upon human society to minister to and properly care for those whom nature has not endowed with faculties enabling them to stand as equals with their fellow beings, or accident has deprived of those powers, is organizing methods that go far to show that under the coarse exterior there is a fountain fed from the eternal springs, that proves the divine unity of humanity. Every hospital or asylum built and endowed where the wayfarer or traveler on life's journey can find relief, is a beacon light illuminating the pathway which we are traveling, toward that condition where the Divine commandment 'to love the Lord thy God with all thy heart and soul and thy neighbor as thyself,' is practically demonstrated in human life. This is Civilization. Shakers, N. Y.