Dear Sister A---:--You are welcome... [All of our readers will be interested to hear from the dear friends in Florida, who are zealously engaged in that land of flowers in building a religious home. Ed.] Nakcoossa, Fla. Mae. 1896. Dear Sistek A- - - - -:You are welcome to our home and hearts. How good of you to come and see us in spirit. I hope you may not forget to come often. Now we will step out on the veranda and have a little chat. What do we see? Six large banana trees throwing out their great leaves, four feet long and twenty-one inches wide. From these we may expect a crop the coming year. The lawn is covered with Bermuda grass. Our flower garden has a sparce sprinkling of verbenas, pinks, lilies and roses, and all these are in bloom. At our right are two strawberry beds, in bearing, and a small patch of sweet potatoes. Just south of this is a pine grove. It is sown to rye and is now beautifully green. Our two milch cows enjoy feeding there some hours, daily. You will observe our pineapple orchard contains not less than 1000 plants. We anticipate a crop some time next year. All our Florida friends who have visited the place say that 'the old growers can't THE MANIFESTO. 71 beat it.' By this we feel quite encouraged. We have a small section for sugarcane, one for cabbages, one for raspberries, and one hundred banana trees in good condition, some may bear fruit next year, others the year following. Here is a field of Irish potatoes in bloom and by and by we expect a supply of Florida grown Irish potatoes. A section is devoted to the growing of Cassava. It is up and looks well. It is very much like the white yam so largely raised in the West Indies. It is considered good for table use. Our peach orchard contains 130 trees. Less than one year since, this ground was covered with a grove of tall pines. These have been cut down and their roots taken from the ground. Our garden has a variety of vegetables, and we are now having a supply of radishes, lettuce, greens, etc. We will now pass into the house. The dining-room occupies a central position. The sleeping apartments are on the west side and a sitting room on the east. Our room for cooking is so arranged that we do not have the heat and smoke in the dwelling. We have a well and a pump attached, also a good water tank. As we have no cellar, our milk and various other things share the cool breeze. Our yard is covered largely with Bermuda grass. In the flower beds we have gladiolas, tulips, hyacinths, lantavas and hybiscus. Some of these are in full bloom. We have also in another section orange, plum and persimon trees, twenty-five of each variety. We have a new barn with sheds attached, also a yard for the hens, and all about these are groves of pine. We are anticipating a permanent residence at a future date, some two and one half miles distant from our present home, on the shore of Alligator Lake. It is a beautiful place. Lovingly Your Sister M. L. Reynolds.