NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. February. Thermometer. Bain. Snow. 1895. 20.18 0 in. 24 in. 1896. 24.69 2.75 ' 25 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 50 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 20 ' ' Number of rainy days '' ' 2 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 12 ' ' clear ' ' ' 4 ' cloudy' ' ' 11 C. Q. Reed. Center family. March, 1896. Some time has elapsed since we have offered the least contribution to the Manifesto, and now we have but a few items. While I write a furious storm is raging without, giving a reminder that March does not promise an early spring; we hope however for better weather when this month shall have passed. I am much pleased with the last Manifesto; some of the articles are very interesting, not the least of which is the one by Sr. Aurelia G. Mace. Others are good but I was especially pleased with this as it gives voice to the testimony of Jesus the Christ and Ann the Christ. It is absolutely necessary for us as a people that we keep this testimony before the world and in our own homes, otherwise the spirit of the world will overshadow ns. There is danger of our laying down the weapons of our warfare. 'Let your light so shine, that others seeing your good works may glorify your Father which is in heaven.' Light is shining all over the civilized world, not only spiritual light but scientific and all that relates to man in the whole physical domain and we need to keep abreast of all truth whether natural or spiritual. Light is sown for the righteous, and joy for the upright in heart. The redemption of man can be brought about by the cross of self-denial only; this will make us strong and powerful for good and whether there be few or many living as Jesus Christ and Mother Ann taught and lived, such will be a mighty power for good in the earth. Timothy D. Ray son. Shakers, N. Y. North Family. March, 1896. 'Stormy March has come at last.' Whether it will be a month that represents the character given it by the poet, time will tell; but the promise that was given of old of 'seed-time and harvest,' is true as the lengthening days announce approaching seed-time. February closed its record with a heavy rain flooding the ponds and creeks and covering the adjacent lowlands with water. To all the lovers of flowers the beautifully illustrated catalogues of the seedsmen with their varied collections, furnish an abundant source from which to supply those wants and satisfy the taste for the beautiful that every normally developed TERMS. 68 THE MANIFESTO. human being is endowed with, and of those who come to our table none exceed in their collections the publication of James Vick's Sons, Rochester, N. Y. How truly the poet illustrates the love for the beautiful in the following lines. 'And with child-like credulous affection We behold their tender buds expand ; Emblems of our own great resurrection, Emblems of the bright and better land.' We think that the sick man had the best of the Deacon, and was justified in not accepting the offer for prayers, hope the testimony will go forth so strong against the filthy habit of tobacco using that it will become obsolete. Hamilton DeGraw.