AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF CHAS. D. HAMPTON OF UNION VILLAGE, O. NO. 3. .You have felt the blessing of peace and experienced the reward of obedience. Your soul has been warmed by the tranquilizing influence of conscious rectitude according to the degree of spiritual light which has illuminated your understanding, but you have more to do. You have never thought to acknowledge God as the author of your felicity, or prayed to Him for a continuation of his blessing. You have done well for a beginning, but those who find access to the door of heaven, must knock, and if they would have the blessing must ask for it. Without prayer and a living sense of dependence on superior principles, your soul will become lean and barren. The manna you gathered yesterday will not support you to-day. If you expect to realize eternal happiness, you must prepare your soul for eternal progression. I listened to these remarks with surprise and answered with reverence,I have been obedient to your ministrations and believe them to be sent of God. It is true I have not prayed to God because I do not know Him. I have asked of you because you have proved to me that you have a desire for my good. Mentor.What you say is true and for that reason I have ventured to instruct you. I am, like yourself, an agent of instruction and subject to being taught. My ability to do good comes from God, and in order to obtain it I am constrained to ask for it and my strength is perfected in obedience and sincere prayer. APRIL, 58 THE MANIFESTO. I continued to plead,'I do not know how to pray or foi1 what to ask, seeing all my reasonable wants are amply provided.' Mentor.My time of ministering to you is drawing to a close, and I desire that you may do your work and find future needful support and protection from the fullness of a more abundant fountain. At this announcement I felt distressed; I could not now feel his presence. The requirement seemed reasonable, but I was unprepared for it. I retired to the unfrequented woods and took a seat on a log, and deliberately went into an analysis of my condition. Deeply sensible of my ignorance of the being whom I was about to address and also aware of my own natural levity of character, doubt and unbelief and want of confidence overcame my previous determination. Being really weak in faith, but honest and sincere, I promised fervently that if in my present undertaking any kind being would give a response to my prayer that I could understand and realize an answer to my supplication, I would obey without regard to consequences. I queried in what manner and for what I should pray but could come upon no form of words. Finally, remembering that Jesus told his disciples, ''after this manner, therefore, pray ye. Our Father, who art in heaven,' etc.,I commenced the Lord's prayer in the most serious manner of which I was capable, speaking the words slowly and deliberately, intending to say and to do, understandingly. At this time, I heard a clear, distinct voice saying, 'stop ! Do you pray for the will of God to be done in earth as it is in heaven?' After a short pause I answered, 'I do.' Mentor.Are you willing to do it? Answer.I am. Mentor.Then know that the business you are following is not according to the will of God. Answer.What must I do, my family must be supported ? Mentor.Did you not promise that you would obey the counsel you received, and now you are reasoning about your family, as though God could not provide for you and your family, if you have confidence in Him to trust them to his keeping. Answer.Yes, I did so promise and I will perform accordingly, and from this moment myself and my family are delivered over to his care, and as long as I feel as I do now, I will forever do so without regard to consequences. I felt sure that this was the answer to my prayer, and have never doubted it. I arose and went to my office and told a student to attend to all calls as I should do no more business in that place. He purchased all of my drugs and medicines and took the business, and from that day to the present, I have never practiced my profession. After this unconditional surrender of myself and all I possessed unto God, my peace began to flow again like a THE MANIFESTO. 59 river. I looked to God with a new and pleasing confidence to which I had before been a stranger. I continued to enjoy the association of my guardian spirit. Every day added to my stock of intelligence in regard to my duties and the prospects of united association and intimate connections of men and women under different modes of operation than those common in the habits and customs of general society, opened before my mind with surprising clearness. I saw the many advantages and was imprest to comprehend and appreciate the blessings which would ultimately flow from well-ordered organizations until my mind would be wholly absorbed in the pleasing reverie. My sphere of spiritual illumination was very much enlarged after my renunciation of my business profession. I was enabled to see man as he was intended to be when the finishing hand of Providence had taken off his inequalities so that he might become mild and docile. He then looked as another kind of creature. His body became a combination of materialized organs, the delight of which was in the use, and his mind resembled an individualized element of good and formed to find delight in blessing others. The human family looked to me as if in the good day coming it would fill up the measure of its pilgrimage in learning to gain its ultimate destiny in filling its original character as the children of heaven and as images of God. In this and similar modes of thinking time moved on for weeks and months, in which I had no doubt nor uneasiness in respect to myself or family, although there was not at that time the first sign of rational exertion to provide for our necessities, beyond that which was already obtained. At this stage of my probationary travel I was strongly imprest to visit a remarkable people who resided about forty miles distant from my home. The impression was intense, but whether coming from my unseen instructor or not I never knew, but felt his entire union with it. My intention was to visit them and learn for myself their true character, and was determined to investigate their principles and practice with close and critical attention. From the current reports in circulation in regard to the people in question, there seemed no reason to expect much good, and I should maintain my religious opinions with ease. I had no doubt on that subject and expected our labors to terminate in a liberal use of words. However, being fully bent on going and having nothing on hand of importance, I made the journey and arrived at the village a stranger to the people and to their faith. As it was in the evening I found the family engaged in their religious service. I was generously provided for through the night and had an excellent breakfast in the morning. After the repast was over I was introduced to an aged man with a mild and placid countenance. He received me with easy and marked politeness as one who knew the world and was at home. I informed him of the cause of my visit, that I had called to investigate their 60 THE MANIFESTO. principles and practice as they might deem it advisable to communicate them. After the introductory preliminaries had been dispensed with and our business before us, but a short time was required to open my eyes to the true state of the case. The aged Brother with a mild, almost child-like gentleness opened more simple truth in the knowledge of substantial good than I had ever heard in my whole life. Suffice it to say that as the importance of his subject increased, his whole being assumed a fire and intelligence I hardly ever saw equalled. It was in vain that I labored to neutralize his reasoning, and contested step by step the propriety of his premises and the justness of his conclusions. With mildness and the most prompt decision he showed the errors of my sentiments and proved the correctness of his own. I soon found that there was more good sense in listening than by presuming to call in question the beauty and moral excellence of his convincing testimony. After becoming thoroughly acquainted with this important fact I confined myself to asking questions. When I became completely satisfied and ever}7 objection was removed, I addressed my venerable friend in this manner:My father, you have fully satisfied my mind. I am convinced of the truth of your testimony and am thoroughly convicted that you have kindly opened to my view the true and living way of life eternal. I henceforth subject myself to your counsel and will abide by it. I beg your prayers for my spiritual strength to increase, and I will strive honestly to learn the way of life and abide in it forever. My aged friend replied,To love God above all things, and our neighbor as ourself fulfills the whole requirement of both the Law and the Gospel. But we have no way to show our love to God only as we show it to our fellow man, so that finally every gospel requirement would be obeyed when we learned to do to others as we would wish them to do to us. When this important principle of moral truth is gained, all the evils of existence will be supplanted. Wars will cease, fraud and deception will be useless and the human family will dwell together as harmless lambs in their Father's fold. The promises of the prophets will be fulfilled and the long expected day of joy and gladness will spread abroad over the earth. Have you counted the cost of the move you are making ? Are you prepared to encounter the scorn and derision and even hatred of all the world. All of your friends and relatives may consider you insane. They may be disposed to wrong you in your interest and spurn you from their presence. All this you must expect and be prepared to meet, and in meeting it to stand as firm as a mountain. All this you must take into account and consider and assure yourself that you are man enough to face all of this or you had better never attempt it. You may remember this, that although you have the whole world against you, yet you will have all heaven to support you. I answered him with deep sincerity,If your testimony is true, and I sol- THE MANIFESTO. 61 emnly believe it is, I am prepared to defy the injustice of the world, and I will obey my conscience at all risks. He smiled approvingly and then remarkt,Remember you must overcome the world in yourself by the 'blood of the Lamb and the word of your testimony.' Remember that the blood of the Lamb is the life of the Lamb. This harmless, peaceful life you must always live, according to the example of Jesus, for he came as an example that we should follow. You are not called in bearing your testimony to 'cast your pearls before swine' as this would do no good, but if you can be useful to a fellow creature by being a witness of the Truth do it fearlessly and fully. Let no man alarm nor daunt you in the discharge of this duty. If you are faithful in your life and consistent in your testimony, the God of Heaven will sustain you and will continue to protect you through all time. When you know your duty, clear and full, you must do it. I received into my soul the last lingering splendor of his setting sun. The rays made a sure entrance, and there is no consideration within the scope of my knowledge that could prompt me to forfeit my claim to his love and blessing by acting contrary to the spirit of this divine precept. At this visit my destiny was fixt. I have never retraced my steps nor faultered in my resolution, although I have met with all I was promist, the blessings of heaven together with the persecution of friends and kindred. On my returning home I finisht settling my business affairs, cancelled all claims and was gathered into the Lord's vineyard, where I have resided in peace and quietness and had the satisfaction to see my family gathered to the fold of Zion. And now, farewell, may the blessing of an indulgent heaven be ever shining on your pathway through time, and may the pleasing smiles of an approving conscience introduce you when the lamp of life is going out, into a spirit world of harmony and peace. (To be continued.)