ELDER JOHN B. VANCE. By Henry C. Blinn. THE sudden death of Elder John Bell Vance, of Alfred, Me., has reached us at an unexpected moment. For many years he has been actively engaged in the financial and spiritual duties of the Societies of Alfred and Gloucester. He held the office of a Trustee of the Community, and was also a member of the order of Ministry, and through these several responsible duties was known both to the Shakers and to those with whom lie held his business relations as an upright and honorable man. While the friends in his religious home lose a very dear and beloved brother, the town of Alfred also loses an honest and honorable citizen. His death occurred on the 13th of March, at his own home, surrounded by his nearest and dear friends. He was confined to the house but a few days when the best medical aid learned that strangulation of the intestines would prove fatal in a few hours. Elder John was born in Baileyville, Me., May 9, 1838, and came to the Community at Alfred, Sept. 14, 1838. At the age of 16 he commenced the keeping of a District school in the Society, and has followed that occupation more or less, to the present date. At the age of 20 years he was appointed an Elder in the Novitiate Order, and in Jan. 1872 he entered the Order of Elders in the Church family, and earned the endearing appellation of a father and a friend by all who came under his kindly ministration. On the 19th of March 1884, at the death of our beloved Elder Otis Sawyer, he was appointed to the Order of Ministry and occupied that office at the time of his death. The funeral was held on Monday the 17th inst, at 2 o'clock p. m., in the family dwelling of the Church. The services were under the direction of Br. Henry G. Green, and were very pleasantly and satisfactorily conducted. Br. Henry made an appropriate introduction to the Believers and to the many friends of Elder John who had come by invitation to attend the last, loving duties that could be given on such an occasion. All the Brethren and Sisters of the Society were present, also Elder Joseph Holden, of Mt. Lebanon; Elder John Whiteley, of Shirley, Mass; Elder Henry C. Blinn, of East Canterbury ; Elder William Dumont, Eldress Lizzie Noyes and Sr. Prudie Stickney, of Sabbathday Lake, Maine. After the singing of the first hymn the twenty-third Psalm was read which produced a very pleasant impression. Following this a few remarks were made by Elder H. C. Blinn, after which several hymns were sung and remarks made by Elder Joseph Holden and the other visitors, and also by many of the Brethren and Sisters. Two or three articles, especially, written for the occasion were read very distinctly before the meeting, and kindly appreciated by all who were so fortunate as to be the privileged hearers. THE MANIFESTO. 65 These interesting services continued for about one and one half hours, when the assembly was dismissed, and all were invited to step into another building and see the dear Elder in his prettily arranged casket. Most of those who attended the funeral service, accepted this invitation, and were deeply interested in the neatness and care that was exercised in its preparation. A near and dear friend of Elder John by the name of Goodall of Sanford, sent a variety of very choice flowers from his conservatory, and these were all tastefully arranged in and around the casket. A writer in the 'Daily Eastern Argus' makes this pleasant reference, 'In the death of Elder Vance, the Society loses a member that makes a vacancy that can not be filled, and the entire Community mourn with us. His removal deprives Alfred of a townsman whom everybody loved and respected, and the state of a citizen who did everything in his power to promote the peace of the commonwealth.' East Canterbury, N. H.