West Pittsfield, Mass. March, 189G. Hakd colds, accompanied with long, tiresome coughs have been in market all winter and many have had occasion to regret unwise bargains made in that line, but winter has not always shown its gloomy side; just enough clouding to make the light spots brighter and give more pleasing contrast to the picture. Three times the large double sleigh, headed by two wide awake horses, held in check by Br. Ira's skillful hands, has taken a company out to test the merits of the glistening, white snow. Perhaps it is too late to talk about the holidays, but it is one of the bright spots in our memory. On Christmas evening, a brief Entertainment was given, followed by a magic lantern exhibition, and last, but not least, the famous tree presentation. This resembled a captive queen, as one and another of its pretty ornaments were bestowed on eager waiters until, left entirely destitute, its skelelon fingers shamed all partakers of so cruel a plot. Some two weeks ago we enjoyed a day of social and mental profit, with our North family friends who visited us, after which we would place the time worn phrase, 'To be continued next month.' Our family dwelling has been improved by the addition of cypress wood doors at the main entrance and at the meeting room. So through the coming years we shall have no trouble in welcoming friends to our house and home, as they will swing easily on their new hinges. From the busy hum of the saw and tho appearance of the wood yard, we infer that a whole tribe of our mountain hermits have been taken from their homes and are rapidly being changed into forms of usefulness. A few days of warm weather thawed the ice and snow, and then a severe cold blast froze its smooth surface until the yard is a path too smooth for mortal feet to tread. To look downward we see nothing but the dangers of the ice, but raise our eyes and we discern many forms of marvelous beauty. Every twig glistens with tiny jewels and each branch is encircled with diamonds, while the depending icycles look like silvery fringes in the sunlight. So it often is. If our eyes be continually fixed on the realities of life, we grow unconscious of the beauty around us. The thoughts become engrossed with care, while just above us, and beautifying all around are the jewels of mercy depending for our comfort and benefit. Fidelia Estabrook.