REMARKS OF MOTHER LUCY WRIGHT. NO. 1. WE find that when there is much hand labor to be performed, there is a liability to exercise less of the spirit of true thankfulness, as the mind appears to be absorbed largely in temporal duties. When we meet that which seems a cross, we may feel that there is less cause for thankfulness; but when we realize to what blessings we have been called, it is easy to feel thankful. We should ever feel grateful that we have health and strength of body, to do our daily duty. When it conies the close of the week, or nearing the Sabbath, temporal duties should become secondary, giving only the needful attention that all things may be done well, thus preparing the mind for the worship of God. We are blest with the greatest privilege that can be bestowed upon the children of earth. We have a knowledge of the way of God, and how to obtain victory over a sinful nature. We are called by the gospel to be simple and meek; to live in love and in union with the spirit of Christ, and lay aside all evil speaking and all unkindness, and learn to bless each other. Those who bless will be blest. Those who harbor a party spirit, mar the house of God. They do harm to the Church of Christ. 'A party or partial spirit is forever rejected by the gospel of Christ.' The sense of man seems to be so absorbed in temporal things that there can be but little room or desire for the gifts of God. So long as the mind craves so much of the earth, it may be all right that we should be hurried and have as much, and even at times more than we find time to accomplish. 66 THE MANIFESTO. We can not feel that the true spirit of thankfulness is gained that should be, if there are any who would not thankfully lay down their natural lives rather than give up their precious faith in the gospel of Christ. This kind of spirit will cause us to labor for the good of each other and not find pleasure in another's faults, distresses and mistakes. We would rather possess a spirit of sympathy, desiring all to be restored in the spirit of meekness. After a lengthy discourse on various matters that seemed to burden the spirit of Mother Lucy, she said, 'Father Joseph often taught us that all who were gathered into this Order, were called to be exemplary in all things, temporal and spiritual. We are sometimes fearful this may be forgotten. We should do right, let others do as they may. The use they make of our example will not justify or condemn us. Addressing the youth and children she said, 'You must not expect to please yourselves with every fancy. You have a privilege to learn the way of God, and if you are obedient and retain your minds in their innocency, you will be far more beautiful than the loveliest flowers of the earth. The number will always be small who will choose the narrow way, but there will always be enough to condemn the world. We had rather be with the few who are pure in heart, than with the great majority who are of the earth, earthy. Numbers are not the object in which to glory, but purity and holiness of heart. We do not feel a lack in numbers; but the great lack we realize is of gospel grace. We are only strong as God is with us. The gospel is equal to the demand of this day : all will receive according to their labor and desire. Those who are faithful to take up their cross, will be glorious in their generation. Each one will receive according to his works, both good and evil. If it were not so we should have more reason to complain that the gospel is not just. If any one feels a lack, we know the cause is in himself, for the gospel is sure and true. If one half of those who are present are not faithful to their knowledge of the way of God this need not weaken our trust in the gospel. Who can want to save the nature of the flesh, or even would desire to have it sanctified? 'To be carnally minded is death.' That which is unholy can not enter the kingdom of heaven. We desire that all seek for a baptism of divine truth, lest we become so absorbed in the things of this world that they spring up and choke the Word of God in our hearts and it becometh unfruitful. {To be continued.)