To my Friends of the United Society of Sabbathday Lake... Gloucester, March 21, 1896. To my Friends of the United Society of Sabbatiiday Lake :It is with feelings of profound sorrow that I learned of the death of Elder John Yance. My acquaintance with him was quite short, though it covered a number of years, yet brief as it Avas, I learned to respect, admire and love the man and at his death I can but mourn as at the loss of a friend. A humble member of the great public I can but sympathize as far as in me lies with the Society of which he was so distinguished a member in their great loss, which it seems to me must be well nigh irreparable. His own Society are not the only ones that suffer great loss by the death of Elder John, as he was familiarly called; the public at large are great losers also. Endowed with an unmeasured gift in public speech, being both eloquent and persuasive, he was undoubtedly horn to ! bo a leader of men. Sagacious and upright in business ever casting his influence by both precept and example on the side of I the purest and highest morality, he exhibI ited the noblest traits of a well rounded manhood. Alas! The world produces few such men and when by some mysterious ruling of divine Providence one such is cut down, at what seems an untimely hour, when in the midst of his usefulness and in the full maturity of his manly strength the busy public may well pause in its daily rush of business and drop a tear on his bier. The memory of Elder John will doubtless be kept fresh and green for many a year by his Society friends and his power for good on the world at large within the circle of his influence must extend into the future for many years to come, indeed we are told that ones influence for good for or evil never dies, how far reaching New 88 THE MA NIFES TO. then must be the influence of a man like Elder John, the great cycles of oncoming time can not compass it. The thousands who have listened to his words so carefully drawn forth in eloquent and persuasive speech, as he upheld the doctrine of his church or sought to lift men to a higher and purer life, as they turn memory backward, will feel that they received a new inspiration that has been uplifting and helpful amid the trials and temptations of life's devious journey. It seems sad to know that we shall see the comely presence and manly form of Elder John no more, and that his kindly greeting and cheering words are now to be only in remembrance, yet it is becoming in man to be submissive to Divine decrees, and we can only add the word, Farewell! Eespectf ully, CHARLES PETER HASKELL.