Notes Referring to the Early History of the Shakers in the United States. WHILE in vision, Mother Ann had seen the people at Harvard Mass., and while living at Watervliet she sent Daniel Wood as a missionary to the people who were under the charge of Shadrach Ireland. His mission began in an awakened spirit and with light from God, but unfortunately ended in the flesh. Some of his followers, however, were still looking for advanced light, and were not, as yet, wholly swallowed up in the world. In this company of interested souls was Abel Jewett, Zacheus Stevens and Beulah Bert. Daniel was a faithful minister to this people, but as they had been deceived by Ireland, they were very cautious in moving unless they could see a pretty sure foundation. Beulah's parents were followers of Ireland and as she was born under the sanction of a spiritual marriage, she was one of the holy children. She seemed to have inherited a religious quality of mind and was very plain in her attire. When Mother Ann came to Harvard, several of these disciples accepted her spiritual gift, consecrated their lives to God, and followed hei in the regeneration. Elizabeth Jewett says she was at the Square House in Harvard when a furious mob surrounded it. Some of them acted more like brute beasts than ike men. One coarse fellow kicked her most inhumanly and broke several 80 THE MANIFESTO. of her ribs while she was on her knees in prayer. Many were kneeling around the Elders through the hope of protecting them from violence. Eunice Wilds was the daughter of Elijah Wilds and was one of the company that Mother Ann addressed in reference to the little idols or foolish toys that they had in possession. Mother said that such things would shut out the gift of God. Eunice had a severe cross to sacrifice these things but her great love for Mother Aun induced her to do it. This enabled her to bear persecution from her younger companions, who were not believers, and still continued to wear their jewelry. Father James called revivals the prolonging of God's mercy, 'They are the operation of the spirit of God; they are sent to keep the people from sinking into total forgetfulness of the things of God. Where Christ is, there is power to put away sin, and where there is no power to put away sin, there is no Christ. No souls can be saved unless they confess and forsake all sin.' 'See how the mercy of God has come to you, and shown you the way of life and salvation. If you repent and obey the gospel it will make you thankful, joyful and sorrowful. The sound of repentance will yet be the most joyful sound ever heard by mortals. AVhen we have a gift of God, then we know that we can do the will of God. ' Sarah and Nathan Kendall make a journey to Watervliet from Harvard. I often made this journey on horseback, a distance of two hundred miles. Much of the road was through dense woods. This being new the stamps of large trees and underbrush were often left directly in the path. In the winter we could go with a sleigh, but even this was very dangerous, as the roads were often so drifted with snow that it was difficult to proceed. I frequently was obliged to get out and walk as the horse plunged into places of deep snow and water. Sometimes my brother Nathan would take a side-saddle, which we could use if the snow left us, before we were ready to return. On one of these trips I was obliged to return on horseback while Nathan traveled on foot. It was in the month of March and the horse often plunged into the snow and water, and made the journey very dangerous. Occasionally we changed places and I found it very tiresome to walk through the snow. On reaching North Hampton we found the river full of floating ice, and so dangerous that the ferry-boats would not take any passengers across. This obliged us to stop over night and filled us with great tribulation in regard to our journey toward home. (To be continued.)