NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. March. Thermometer. Ruin. Snow. 1895. 28.1 1 in. 5 in. 1896. 26.5 4 ' 5 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 50 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 0 ' ! Number of rainy days '' ' 5 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 7 ' clear ' ' ' 10 ' cloudy' ' ' 9 C. G. Reed. April, 1896. Who has been to the North Pole and left the door ajar? No one answers. It would seem that something ought to be closed, if we are to have the 'seedtime' promised in the 'good book.' Still it is best not to be over anxious for any thing. Nature will have her way regardless of praise or censure; and to fret over the weather is simply an absurdity; for 'There are sunny days in winter after all.' With others we regret the absence of the bluebirds; but would rather think it was due to natural causes, like an inclement winter than that they fell a prey to the caprice of fashion. We are glad to learn that new birds are being added to our list, and hope that Connecticut will share her treasures with New York. One new kind has also been with us most of the winter. The usual work of early spring is progressing with as much zest as though it was something new. The Great Creative power made the seasons just long enough in our latitude to allow no time for idleness. Seed-time, growing-time and harvest, succeed so punctually that those who delay the first, miss the whole. Such is life! Nature and grace are counterparts, and where the former gives an annual lesson we are wise to adopt its rules in our life work. Amelia J. Culver. North. Family. April, 1896. It would seem that any reasonable weather clerk might have been satisfied with the blusters and storms of last month without extending a March into April; but perhaps it has all been calculated for the best. Not having appeared in this department last month, it may not be out of place to state that Washington's birthday was appropriately celebrated by the school children with many interesting recitations many of which were written for the occasion. To give opportunity to those who desired to attend, the exercises were repeated a second day. The pupils did honor to their teachers and themselves, and have doubtless thereby derived much historical knowledge and an awakened interest in that which pertains to Eepublican institutions. They were carefully instructed in the difference between patri otism and a party spirit. The school laws of our state require ev TERMS. 84 TKE MANIFESTO. ery state school to be identified by the flag of the Union whenever not stormy, during the school term. As this violated no principle of our faith we complied. 'La Grippe' invaded our home with the bold intrusion of a vandal who had no respect for the high ideals of mental scientists or the philosophy of deep breathing, morning walks, vegetarianism, or other habits of wholesome living, yet we are not intending to let go the measure of truth in possession, but will press forward for that fuller knowledge of Godliness which will insure a fuller salvation. We are thankful to say that all have been restored to active duty without the aid of any physician not of the Communitj. Yesterday, Easter Sunday, in unison with the millions whose hearts were upturned to the 'risen Christ,' we sought and found a renewal of that divine love which is indeed the power of the true resurrection. In the afternoon we met at Second family to offer a last, loving tribute to our departed Sister Johannah Freeborn whose life had been such as to assure us that she was 'not dead, but only arisen.' Catherine Allen. Shakers, N. Y. North JETamily. April 5, 1896. The remarks of Mother Lucy Wright which commenced publication in the April Manifesto, reminds us that the 'ancients of the city' have not passed away, although removed from our material recognition; but are near to us many times when we are not cognizant of their presence. Why the Reaper could not have spared Elder John B. Vance for a while longer is past the comprehension of our finite understanding. We well remember his first visit to our western home in the summer of 1869, and though we were but a child his personality impressed itself upon us to the realization of his exalted character. March maintained her record by giving us the heaviest snow storm of the season. In comparison with the spring before, the present one will he late. At present writing many snow drifts are visible, and winter is loth to surrender its claims. Hamilton DeQruw. Harvard, Mass. May, 1896. Looking at the calendar we are reminded of our duty to The Manifesto. If we wish our magazine to prosper and continue to regale us both spiritually and mentally we must not fail to contribute what we are able to its support. The sad demise of our beloved Elder John Yance brought the Central Ministry East, and they sojourned with us a few days at Harvard and Shirley. Their presence was refreshing and comforting. How can we but sorrow when the good, the true,to whom we look in confidence for help and sympathy in times of need are taken from us and we see them no more? Our next winter's supply of wood is all housed. The maples are now yielding up their sweets, which keeps some of our people busy gathering it and reducing it to syrup. Spring work on the farm is progressing finely for the late spring. Crocusses and snowdrops are opening their petals to catch the sun's rays, and a few robbins and bluebirds have made their appearance among the leafless trees. Joyfully we hail the spring. Marcia M. Billiard. Enfield, N. H. April, 1896. The approach of the glorious springtide has the effect to raise us from the tomb of materiality that would tend to render inactive the purer qualities of our being, into a high spiritual atmosphere. Seeking to follow Christ we should look above our natural desires, and do the work the gospel of self-denial bids, loving mankind even as Christ, with a love untainted by the lust of selfishness or animal emotion. THE MANIFESTO. 85 'God's glory is a wcmd'rous thing, Most strange in all its ways; And of all things on earth, least like What men agree to praise.' We have recently enjoyed a festal season of love and soul strength in the visitation of one of Zion's honored, well tried veterans, Eldress Marion Patric, of Enfield Conn. Why may we not often enjoy such seasons? The conscience and character of our communal homes is embodied in the personalities of the older members of our Church, and is it not their duty to keep before the younger minds the soul cleansing testimony of Christ? To the awakened conscience ever rings out the appeal, Now is the day of your salvation, give all for Christ. We send renewed love to all the readers of our Manifesto. George II. Baxter.