Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. March. Thermometer. Ruin. Snow. 1895. 28.1 1 in. 5 in. 1896. 26.5 4 ' 5 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 50 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 0 ' ! Number of rainy days '' ' 5 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 7 ' clear ' ' ' 10 ' cloudy' ' ' 9 C. G. Reed. April, 1896. Who has been to the North Pole and left the door ajar? No one answers. It would seem that something ought to be closed, if we are to have the 'seedtime' promised in the 'good book.' Still it is best not to be over anxious for any thing. Nature will have her way regardless of praise or censure; and to fret over the weather is simply an absurdity; for 'There are sunny days in winter after all.' With others we regret the absence of the bluebirds; but would rather think it was due to natural causes, like an inclement winter than that they fell a prey to the caprice of fashion. We are glad to learn that new birds are being added to our list, and hope that Connecticut will share her treasures with New York. One new kind has also been with us most of the winter. The usual work of early spring is progressing with as much zest as though it was something new. The Great Creative power made the seasons just long enough in our latitude to allow no time for idleness. Seed-time, growing-time and harvest, succeed so punctually that those who delay the first, miss the whole. Such is life! Nature and grace are counterparts, and where the former gives an annual lesson we are wise to adopt its rules in our life work. Amelia J. Culver. North. Family. April, 1896. It would seem that any reasonable weather clerk might have been satisfied with the blusters and storms of last month without extending a March into April; but perhaps it has all been calculated for the best. Not having appeared in this department last month, it may not be out of place to state that Washington's birthday was appropriately celebrated by the school children with many interesting recitations many of which were written for the occasion. To give opportunity to those who desired to attend, the exercises were repeated a second day. The pupils did honor to their teachers and themselves, and have doubtless thereby derived much historical knowledge and an awakened interest in that which pertains to Eepublican institutions. They were carefully instructed in the difference between patri otism and a party spirit. The school laws of our state require ev TERMS. 84 TKE MANIFESTO. ery state school to be identified by the flag of the Union whenever not stormy, during the school term. As this violated no principle of our faith we complied. 'La Grippe' invaded our home with the bold intrusion of a vandal who had no respect for the high ideals of mental scientists or the philosophy of deep breathing, morning walks, vegetarianism, or other habits of wholesome living, yet we are not intending to let go the measure of truth in possession, but will press forward for that fuller knowledge of Godliness which will insure a fuller salvation. We are thankful to say that all have been restored to active duty without the aid of any physician not of the Communitj. Yesterday, Easter Sunday, in unison with the millions whose hearts were upturned to the 'risen Christ,' we sought and found a renewal of that divine love which is indeed the power of the true resurrection. In the afternoon we met at Second family to offer a last, loving tribute to our departed Sister Johannah Freeborn whose life had been such as to assure us that she was 'not dead, but only arisen.' Catherine Allen.