AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF CHAS. D. HAMPTON OF UNION VILLAGE, O. NO. 4. I CAN well remember when the idea of the spiritual world and change from time to eternity was of all ideas the most gloomy. Dreary, cold and helpless, death looked to me as the crowning horror of existence, a fatal plunge into the unknown abyss,the untried yawning gulf of hopeless uncertainty. Such was the influence of early and improper education and I shall ever feel thankful to that kind Providence which threw in my pathway a rational idea of God and the spirit world. By this means I have been ever since entirely released from all fear of death or the consequences of death, and looked upon God as a kind, benevolent Father, and the Spirit world as a sweet, tranquil home. This view of the subject smoothes the asperity of feeling when called to meet the loss of friends. Let us therefore take a kind farewell of our parent, our brother or our sister for the present, confidently resting in the assurance that they are in active usefulness in a sphere precisely adapted to their condition of mind or mental development. Not dead or sleeping, but alive and in the full enjoyment of all their powers. My circumstances in early life cast me on ground that compelled me to feel keenly, on a certain occasion, the frailty of human nature, as it exhibited itself in the actions of a Quaker preacher. I was constrained to look deeper into religion than I had intended, and was brought into a condition to examine the foundation on which my religious faith was grounded. This examinMAY, 74 THE MANIFESTO. ation conducted sincerely, brought to my mind other views than those in which I was educated, and produced a general change in all my religions sentiments. In order to give an idea of the revolutionary movement of mind, I must relate a little occurrence which took place soon after my removal to Ohio. I will set down 'naught in malice' as I have long since outlived all its consequences so far as regards the temporal loss sustained by it, and 1 look upou the one who injured me, as my brother man, altho lost to honor and integrity. When I concluded to move to Ohio, I sold my carriage ami bought another of smaller size, in its stead. A few weeks after we reached Ohio, I was invited to attend a Quaker meeting. A quaint, simple, guileless looking man was also in attendance. He was a preacher and to all appearance a man of honesty and integrity. Indeed, I felt moved by his pathetic appeal, and on returning home after the meeting was surpi'ised at the arrival of this preacher accompanied by a friend. After some general conversation I found that the object of their visit was to purchase my carriage. I did not like to dispose of it, but as 'Poverty's cold wind and pinching rain Beat keen and heavy on our tender years.' after some mild persuasion I consented to sell it. The preacher took the carriage and passed me the sum agreed upon and went his way. A few days later on attempting to purchase another carriage, I found to my astonishment that the money I had received from tlu preacher was almost worthless, being notes on a bank which had failed a few days before this date. Being thus introduced to Quaker diplomacy in money matters, I tried to force him to remunerate, but he had the advantage of me, and I could do nothing with him. 'I was a stranger and he took me.' My confidence failed and my dependence on man went out forever. I was without friends in a strange country and the possibility of want of bread staring me in the face. I became wreckless to everything serious and devoted my time and talents to making money. I pursued this course for two or three years until the writings of Swedenborg forcibly arrested my attention. My mind was held and caused to reflect seriously. My downward career was sensibly checked. His clear and beautiful expositions of Scripture, his moving 'memorable relations' with his luminous and consistent idea of God, and the vivid and living view of the spiritual world, all struck me as true and reliable, and from this spiritual shock I have never recovered. All taste for my former life vanished and became in my estimation as dross and mental folly, to say the least. I became comparatively thoughtful and a marked change came over me. I examined the doctrines of every religious sect within the compass of my THE MANIFESTO. 75 knowledge, and sought dilligently for the truth. In the progress of this search a measure of light broke upon my understanding and enabled me in some degree to comprehend the standing of the professing world. In seeking Lo he instructed by their priests and enlightened by their preachers, a similar fate awaited me as came to the lot of Rasselas when he inquired for knowledge of the insane philosopher, for I found to my sorrow, the more I listened to their inconsistent notions the less I knevy. Their irrational dogmas cast no light on a spiritual existence, afforded no rational explanation of man's final destiny. Their ideas of a future state were vague and inconclusive and finally they offered me no ground for establishing in my soul a rational faith in Christianity according to their views. Few possessed a full and unwavering confidence in the hope of immortality, Instead of a sound faith in regard to Christianity, the most important of all subjects, I found a stupid kind of traditional hope,to-day strong, tomorrow doubtful. The popular religion of the day was a genteel, dressed up thing, which it was unfashionable not to possess or in which not to have an interest. The heavens of this popular religion were dark 'and gloomy. Creeds and confessions of faith are the mouldy and withered monuments of an age of bigotry and ignorance. Man in his original standing is a noble and dignified being, but he is now found the willing slave of sensuality, as his passions are leading, him into all manner of folly. Under the influence of these imperious masters he thinks feebly and acts as though paralyzed. He trembles at the thought of death, and his dying hope is to escape the vengeance of an angry God. This is a true outline of the fact, as it commonly exists under the character of religion, among the mass of mankind and such it must continue to be until the light of eternal truth enables them to perceive purer ideas of God and his providence. When the time comes for them to be enlightened, they will be led to the fountains of living waters where the soul may drink and be filled, and made to rest in quietness and assurance forever. Made to know that it belongs to the family of Christ and has entered through the gate into the city, and is no longer a stranger but a fellow citizen of the household of God. We know that our friends who are gone from among us are still existing in a beautiful spirit world of which this earthly home is but a faint representative. Existing not in intangible and floating vapors, but in real, substantial human forms to be seen and conversed with in freedom and ease. Possessing every faculty for thought and reflection which they ever did, and greatly improved in all that can render human society pleasing. These ideas in our minds are indeed fixed facts, established and indubitably proven to our full and perfect satisfaction. Our acquaintance with that world of beauty, and our just apprehension of the true relation existing between our world and that, constitutes in no small degree, the joy and happi- 76 THE MANIFESTO. ness of our present probationary state and opens a wide field of rational delight to animate and enliven us on our checkered journey through the wilderness of Time. This view of the subject, with a contrite spirit and a conduct consistent with all the requirements of known duty, disarms death of its sting and robs the grave of its victory. It opens to the soul the bright gleamings of the brilliant light of its future home, and the tranquil peace and increasing joys which must flow from congenial associations and harmonious social organizations. Think for a moment how the pain of separation must be modified with a view of facts as above stated, before the mind; how the rough edges of existence and the cruel asperity of disappointment sink into comparative trifles when calmly contemplated from this point of view. When we consider our faith in all its immense variety of bearing, we are lost in thankfulness to a kind, benevolent Father, solicitous for our good and can only give the most willing obedience to the requisitions of duty, and in a humble reception of the many proofs of his kindness and mercy. From the clouds of gloom and darkness we are now free, and forever free, and our mental horizon is bounded only by the unlimited sphere of boundless good, and our spirits invigorated by the open, bright and exhaustless fields of infinite progression. An everlasting approximation toward this divine fountain of good, which finds full exercise in the duties of active benevolence and the virtues which ennoble the human soul. (To be continued.)