BELIEF V.s. INTELLIGENT FAITH. By Alonzo G. Hollister. REV. JOHN CUMMIN GS, in his 'Last Warning Cry,' p. 219, says 'For six thousand years the hope of perfect happiness has burned in human hearts, like a lamp in a gloomy sepulchre, only to be extinguished, to be relighted and to be extinguished again. I look for no perfect happiness in this world. If any man thinks he sees it in the distance, he may depend it is but the mirage in the desert, which deceives. * * * I have no hope of perfect holiness in this life. * * * I believe in it as a future attainment. To strive for it is our duty. Be ye holy for I am holy! The expectation that you will ever attain to it upon earth in this economy, is to expect that you will be as gods, and that you will cease to be men.' 'To the very last pulse in your being, or beat of your heart, you will be constrained to feel '0 wretched man that I am. There is a law in my members warring against the law of my spirit, so that the good I would do, I do not, and the evil I would not do, that I do!' Ascetics have fasted, monks have worn sackcloth, nuns have surrounded their bodies with spikes and needles and pins and thorns, and all have tried by mortifying the flesh to THE MANIFESTO. 11 mortify what is a very different thing, its lusts and passions ; and they have found that th' punishment of nerve and flesh and blood, is not, and from the necessity of the case never can be, the extirpation of evil passions and a carnal nature. Perfect holiness has never been actualized on earth except in the Son of God.' That the foregoing medley of truth and error exhibits the real state of worldly professors of the Christian name, there can be no reasonable doubt. The soul-chilling, antichristian doctrine of the churches, that no one in this life, not even a Christian can do the good he wishes to do, nor abstain from the evil he wishes not to do, or in other words that it is impossible to live on earth a sinless life, bears a lie on the face of it, and is indefinitely prolonging disappointment to all who believe such deceptive teaching. To keep the law of God, perfectly, requires the whole strength of soul, mind and body, and no sane person can put forth all his power to accomplish that which he believes to be an impossibility. Said doctrine, by destroying all faith in the possibility even with supernatural aid, to overcome opposing evils, so paralyzes the will that its receiver fails to perform the good within his power, and is therefore hindered from establishing by well-doing, the only conditions upon which the desired happiness can be secured. This is not the state of Christ's true followers, for it was said of him 'He shall save his people from their sins.' People who are saved from sin, are not sinners. If they have been sinners, they must confess and repent, and thenceforth abstain from every evil work, as an indispensable condition of discipleship. Jesus the truth-teller says, 'He that sins is the servant of sin' which is self-evident, and as 'No man can serve two masters,' it is also evident that a servant of sin, can not be at the same time, a servant of perfect holiness, the only ground on which perfect happiness is predicable. The Apostle tells us 'He that sinneth is of the devil,'and hath not seen Christ, nor known him.' Hence the term ''Christian sinners' is as contradictory, as to say 'honest hypocrites.' Those who try to serve two masters by professing to follow Christ while continuing in the corrupt life of the world, make sad work of religion. The hope of perfect happiness burns in their 'hearts like a lamp in a gloomy sepulchre, only to be extinguished, as of course should be expected, so long as affects resemble their cause, or so long as God and his Christ are just, and their word is relied upon as true, so long as the eternal life of the heavens, differs from the carnal life of the world. What just cause have those who reject the life of the spirit, practiced and taught by its true exemplars, Jesus Christ and his chosen Apostles, to expect the perfect happiness of children of God, or children of the spirit. What right to the perfect reward have those who [profess inability to live the perfect lifeinability to keep the commands of the Teacher they profess to follow, who said 'Be ye perfect, even as your Father in heaven is perfect.' 78 THE MANIFESTO. People who neither enter into the great Exemplar's teachings themselves, nor suffer others to enter. And why unable? Because they do not truly believe in him tiny profess to follow, as their practice, which is the only test of belief, proves. They do not truly believe in him who says 'AH things are possible to him that believeth.' 'All things' here does not mean miracles and prodigies which involve a suspension of law, and the established relation between cause and effect, but all things right and necessary to the truest welfare of the believer. Although spoken with immediate reference to the spiritual power which heals the body, it has equal application to that Divine power which liberates and heals the soul. Hence it includes the possibility of obeying all the commandments of God to him individuallythe possibility of doing ever the good one is commanded, or that he would or ought to do, and abstaining from the evil, which he ought not to do. If this was impossible, it would be wrong to require it, nor could there be just condemnation for not attaining thereto. When Jesus said 'Whosoever he be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath, he can not be my disciple,' he spoke either the truth or falsehood. If he spoke truth, how can those who steadily reject the terms, reasonably hope for the reward promised? It is true that self torture inflicted on nerves of flesh and blood, or any abuse of the body, can not mortify the depraved nature of the flesh. But 'the cross of Christ,' which is self-denial in the mind, faithfully and continuously borne, will mortify all lusts and sinful passions, which degrade and tyrannize over the soul. True Christian self-denial in obedience to the spiritual light nowr coming into the world, will accomplish what the unaided ingenuity of man never could, that is, the eradication of all carnal and sinful desires from the soul and thereby effect the destruction while still on earth, of that 'body of death,' of which sin and sinful desires are the sole cause. Jesus said 'Whosoever will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross and follow me. For whosoever will save his life (by disobeying his Teacher,) shall lose it, but whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospel, the same shall save it.' Whoso then will follow Jesus Christ, must go in the way of self-denial, keep his commandments, and 'Walk in his steps.' If the perfect life, and its resulting happiness can not be realized in this economy, how and when will it be realized, or what cause to expect it hereafter ? Jesus tells us 'Every one that is perfect shall be as his master,' or Teacher. This, and the command 'Be ye perfect,' shows that Jesus not only deemed perfection possible for his disciples, but that he required and expected it. To suppose that he did not, is, as the Apostle says, to make him a liar, and his sayings, idle words. Hence it is a reasonable inference that if Jesus actualized perfect holiness THE MANIFESTO. 79 on earth, his true disciples are empowered to do the same. After having been purified and made perfectly holy in body and spirit, by the washing of regeneration and the daily cross, they have perfect peace, signified in the promise, 'In me ye shall have peace,' and a happiness that the world can neither give, enjoy, nor take from them. If to expect these results from fulfilling the prescribed conditions, is to expect that we shall be as gods, such expectations being founded not on mystery nor miracle, but upon the ascertained relations of cause and effect, should be deemed neither extravagant nor improbable. But as only he who lives the life of a doctrine, or system, can by any possibility so understand it as to become a true teacher thereof, it appears both extravagant and presumptuous for people reputed intelligent to teach in Christ's name, who never lived nor truly believed in the life that he taught. Every kind, degree, and quality of life, must produce fruit of a corresponding kind and quality, and we have no rational evidence that putting off the mortal body, will change the life, or the fruit of its tenant. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.