NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. March. Thermometer. Ruin. Snow. 1895. 28.1 1 in. 5 in. 1896. 26.5 4 ' 5 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 50 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 0 ' ! Number of rainy days '' ' 5 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 7 ' clear ' ' ' 10 ' cloudy' ' ' 9 C. G. Reed. April, 1896. Who has been to the North Pole and left the door ajar? No one answers. It would seem that something ought to be closed, if we are to have the 'seedtime' promised in the 'good book.' Still it is best not to be over anxious for any thing. Nature will have her way regardless of praise or censure; and to fret over the weather is simply an absurdity; for 'There are sunny days in winter after all.' With others we regret the absence of the bluebirds; but would rather think it was due to natural causes, like an inclement winter than that they fell a prey to the caprice of fashion. We are glad to learn that new birds are being added to our list, and hope that Connecticut will share her treasures with New York. One new kind has also been with us most of the winter. The usual work of early spring is progressing with as much zest as though it was something new. The Great Creative power made the seasons just long enough in our latitude to allow no time for idleness. Seed-time, growing-time and harvest, succeed so punctually that those who delay the first, miss the whole. Such is life! Nature and grace are counterparts, and where the former gives an annual lesson we are wise to adopt its rules in our life work. Amelia J. Culver. North. Family. April, 1896. It would seem that any reasonable weather clerk might have been satisfied with the blusters and storms of last month without extending a March into April; but perhaps it has all been calculated for the best. Not having appeared in this department last month, it may not be out of place to state that Washington's birthday was appropriately celebrated by the school children with many interesting recitations many of which were written for the occasion. To give opportunity to those who desired to attend, the exercises were repeated a second day. The pupils did honor to their teachers and themselves, and have doubtless thereby derived much historical knowledge and an awakened interest in that which pertains to Eepublican institutions. They were carefully instructed in the difference between patri otism and a party spirit. The school laws of our state require ev TERMS. 84 TKE MANIFESTO. ery state school to be identified by the flag of the Union whenever not stormy, during the school term. As this violated no principle of our faith we complied. 'La Grippe' invaded our home with the bold intrusion of a vandal who had no respect for the high ideals of mental scientists or the philosophy of deep breathing, morning walks, vegetarianism, or other habits of wholesome living, yet we are not intending to let go the measure of truth in possession, but will press forward for that fuller knowledge of Godliness which will insure a fuller salvation. We are thankful to say that all have been restored to active duty without the aid of any physician not of the Communitj. Yesterday, Easter Sunday, in unison with the millions whose hearts were upturned to the 'risen Christ,' we sought and found a renewal of that divine love which is indeed the power of the true resurrection. In the afternoon we met at Second family to offer a last, loving tribute to our departed Sister Johannah Freeborn whose life had been such as to assure us that she was 'not dead, but only arisen.' Catherine Allen. Shakers, N. Y. North JETamily. April 5, 1896. The remarks of Mother Lucy Wright which commenced publication in the April Manifesto, reminds us that the 'ancients of the city' have not passed away, although removed from our material recognition; but are near to us many times when we are not cognizant of their presence. Why the Reaper could not have spared Elder John B. Vance for a while longer is past the comprehension of our finite understanding. We well remember his first visit to our western home in the summer of 1869, and though we were but a child his personality impressed itself upon us to the realization of his exalted character. March maintained her record by giving us the heaviest snow storm of the season. In comparison with the spring before, the present one will he late. At present writing many snow drifts are visible, and winter is loth to surrender its claims. Hamilton DeQruw. Harvard, Mass. May, 1896. Looking at the calendar we are reminded of our duty to The Manifesto. If we wish our magazine to prosper and continue to regale us both spiritually and mentally we must not fail to contribute what we are able to its support. The sad demise of our beloved Elder John Yance brought the Central Ministry East, and they sojourned with us a few days at Harvard and Shirley. Their presence was refreshing and comforting. How can we but sorrow when the good, the true,to whom we look in confidence for help and sympathy in times of need are taken from us and we see them no more? Our next winter's supply of wood is all housed. The maples are now yielding up their sweets, which keeps some of our people busy gathering it and reducing it to syrup. Spring work on the farm is progressing finely for the late spring. Crocusses and snowdrops are opening their petals to catch the sun's rays, and a few robbins and bluebirds have made their appearance among the leafless trees. Joyfully we hail the spring. Marcia M. Billiard. Enfield, N. H. April, 1896. The approach of the glorious springtide has the effect to raise us from the tomb of materiality that would tend to render inactive the purer qualities of our being, into a high spiritual atmosphere. Seeking to follow Christ we should look above our natural desires, and do the work the gospel of self-denial bids, loving mankind even as Christ, with a love untainted by the lust of selfishness or animal emotion. THE MANIFESTO. 85 'God's glory is a wcmd'rous thing, Most strange in all its ways; And of all things on earth, least like What men agree to praise.' We have recently enjoyed a festal season of love and soul strength in the visitation of one of Zion's honored, well tried veterans, Eldress Marion Patric, of Enfield Conn. Why may we not often enjoy such seasons? The conscience and character of our communal homes is embodied in the personalities of the older members of our Church, and is it not their duty to keep before the younger minds the soul cleansing testimony of Christ? To the awakened conscience ever rings out the appeal, Now is the day of your salvation, give all for Christ. We send renewed love to all the readers of our Manifesto. George II. Baxter. East Canterbury N. H. April, 1896. With spring time comes the beginning of new life. Everything seems to understand that the time of inaction has past away. It is surprising what a change is wrought in the human mind as the snow and ice-banks fade from view and the early flowers rise from their winter beds. The winter has past but we shall remember gratefully the ice that was formed for our mid-summer comfort. 2592 cakes, 22 inches square and 16 inches thick have been secured. These cakes weigh nearly 240 lbs. each. The work at the saw mill has demanded the attention of several work men during the greater part of the winter. Some 100, 000 ft. of lumber has been hauled some four miles, and sawed into boards, shingles and lathes, and are now ready for the market. Our herdsmen have two silos of 100 tons each. These are 32 ft. deep and 11x13 ft. square. On the 1st day of April some 10 tons were still to be found in one silo. For several months nearly one ton, each day, was fed to the cattle. A late report gives 87 gallons of milk per day. Two Jersey cows have just been added to the stock and their two Jersey calves are creatures of beauty. Not many birds visit the mountains of New Hampshire during the winter. An occasional caller this year was probably the Pine Grosbeak. His head and shoulders are dull red, and he carries white wing bands. These birds are very tame. Henry C. Blinn. Pleasant Hill, Ky. Mar. 1896. I have in mind a sermon by Dr. Talmadge on 'Lost Opportunities.' How many of us can say, we never have passed carelessly by an opportunity where we might have added comfort to some one by a kind word or deed. Our example will live when we are gone. What an amount of good we might do by obeying the precepts of our Lord, Jesus Christ. A kind word, a helping hand may have assisted some fallen discouraged brother or sister on the highway to happiness. We have had a very mild and pleasant winter. The mercury reached zero only twice and in the next twenty-six hours was 16 degrees above. We had four light snow falls, none of which lasted more than four days. The grass is quite green and birds of various kinds are now singing- , We are being blest with all the necessary comforts of life, but regret to say that our ice-house will remain useless the coming season. However we have a never failing spring of pure, cold water, and for this we have many thanks. Nancy L. Rupe. Shaker Station, Ct. April 1896. 'Strive to enter in at the straight gate.' What a flood of happiness fills our souls when we have striven for overcoming power and feel that we are made better for those strivings. Constant, selfdenying efforts will insure us a sure passport to heavenly mansions. THE MA NIFES TO. It is our privilege to live so tli.it heavenly treasures will be ours. The first point is to start right, and keep in the heavenly pathwayit is plain. A virtuous life brings lasting peace but thousands prize it not. 'Virtue aione is happiness,' and happiness is heaven. Virtue is a bright jewel, richer than gold or precious gems. To obtain it, our hearts, which are the seat of principles, must be purified by the cross. Duties, in small things, as well as in great, are duties still. Row often are today's opportunities, to-day's privileges neglected, and time lost in anticipation of some good we are to gain in the future. Greater opportunities will not come tomorrow unless we are faithful to improve those that God has given us to-day. Let us be wary, watch and pray, and shun pitfalls. ****** * To obtain a good supply of eggs in winter we must have young hens. Pullets hatched in April or May will prove most satisfactory. Daniel Orcutt. Sabbathday Lake, Me. April, 1896. The sudden death of our beloved Elder John Vance necessarily called the Central Ministry to our aid. In their great kindness they came to our home March 24th, bringing with them love and comfort such as gentle parents are wont to bestow on their sorrowing children. They tarried three days, leaving a blessing with us. Elder William Dumont has been chosen to fill Elder John's place in the Ministry and also retain his position as Elder and Trustee of this Society. Eldress Lizzie Noyes and Sister Aurelia Mace were also appointed Trustees. These three faithful souls we trust implicitly for our spiritual and temporal welfare. The new greenhouse erected last fall is now full of seedlings. The Brethren expect to have 400 doz. tomato plants to sell and 200 doz. celery plants for the Poland Spring market. The Sisters are starting their flower seeds and find it much more convenient than formerly when they had but the light and sun of the windows. We have almost every requisite for plant growing. The winter has been one of the most trying seasons for many years. Twice recently we have been visited with a distemper known as La Grippe. Some of the members are now confined to their rooms battling with the ugly monster. The lumber at the saw mill is now being sawed. The coming week the firewood w ill be sawed with the Portable engine. During the past month we have had a great deal of snow. On the 3rd inst. a foot of snow fell in one night, and even now one would think it were mid-winter ins.ead of spring by the way the wind blows the snow around. Ada S. Cummings. Narcoossa, Florida April 8, 1896. On April 4th, Elder Louis Basting came to see us, lie will return to us Thursday and stay over the Sabbath. We have just sent to market 10 bbls. of nice potatoes. Today it looks and feels like Indian summer. The garden is suffering for want of rain, of which we have had but two light showers for a month. The days are often hot but the nights are cool. There are beautiful flowers in front and the rear of our house, which Sister Minerva has planted and tended, with great care. Brother Egbert has assisted in watering the same and so we all do what we can. Our pasture is at its best and cattle are recuperating from the effects of dry forage and cold weather. Brother Charles has commenced a six acre clearing next to our station gate on the north, in dry pine woods. We expect to cattle pen it and raise corn and sweet potatoes. Elder Andrew takes care of the crops at home while Br. Egbert and writer are clearing the oak hammock at the center. 86 THE MANIFESTO. 87 We have good meetings here, and en- mons,'Well done, good and faithful joy it much when we receive such good servant, enter thou into the joy of thy letters, for which we are greatly indebted Lord.' to you all, our gospel friends. Henry Hoilisier.