JESUS. JESUS was a Jew, so says the historian, and his early education must have been received from the Jewish traditions and literature. While some of these historians have attempted to write the life of Jesus and exclude from it all that has been termed miraculous, and account for all those singular manifestations that are accredited to him, as the results of natural law ; another writer remarks, if they were or were not miracles, the greatest miracle of all is -'that a Judean peasant has revolutionized the religious world, and that this peasant is now receiving divine honors in the most enlightened countries of the world.' There is no harm in knowing this provided it is a fact. That the mission of Jesus will eventually revolutionize the world and make of it what the Revelator foretold is certainly the great anticipation of thousands, 'The kingdoms of this world will become the kingdoms of our Lord,' there need be no doubt, and his 'people will dwell in peaceable habitations, and in quiet resting places.' Jesus was eminently the Son of God in that he was led, so fully, by the spirit of God, and in lifting man from his low estate of selfishness and tyranny, and to interest himself so thoroughly in the happiness and prosperity of his brother man. Jesus would not only have men to be peacemakers among themselves, but he would have them merciful and forgiving. His testimony urged them to keep the Mosaic law, and then to perfect themselves, spiritually, and become the sons and daughters of God and be perfect even as their father in heaven is perfect. His work was God's work inasmuch as he said,'I and my Father are one.' It was his will to do the will of God and he prayed that the divine will might be done on earth, as it is done in heaven. Had this work which Jesus, the Judean peasant, came to inaugurate among men, been vitalized in the lives of his so-called followers, the whole earth, to-day, would have been as the paradise of God, and the prophets prediction would have been verified in full. The swords would have been beaten into ploughshares, and war spears would have been beaten into pruning-hooks, and the nations would know war no more. Jesus declared emphatically that his Kingdom was not of this world, and that his soldiers or disciples would not fight with carnal weapons. His mission and his testimony was equally as strong against all the self- 82 THE MANIFESTO. ish relations of the human mind. These were to be forsaken if there was any expectation of gaining eternal life. Is the Christian world to-day, giving divine honors to this Judean peasant, this teacher of righteousness, this son of God? He said to his followers, If ye love me ye will keep my commandments. Does the Christian church keep his commandments, and manifest a love for him and for his word ? Another personage must be introduced here as a pattern which the church has accepted. Paul rather than Jesus stands at the head of the Christian church, and is the oracle to be consulted on every occasion. Jesus preached a full cross, while Paul gave permission for certain deviations, and all of these liberties which Paul permitted among the polygamous Corinthians are seized with avidity by the Christian church and held up as the words of the divine Teacher. Jesus taught in the spirit of the regeneration, which was a call to his disciples to come out from the carnal relations of the world and consecrate their souls to God, while Paul allowed his church members to live in the order of generation. All the strength that is obtained in favor of a physical resurrection is obtained from the writings of Paul, which a worldly church has twisted into an unexplainable mystery. Very little of the testimony of Jesus is left in the church. He said, Pray for those who despitefully use you, but the church has declared unrelenting war against all who differ from her in either civil or religious rights. Christian soldiers have been on the list of fighters since the second century, while thousands of persons have been forced into Christianity, or into the church at the poiDt of the sword. It is questionable if Jesus would accept these demonstrations as marks of divine honor, and it is passing strange how a class of people can live so diametrically opposite to his order of life, and then claim to follow in his footsteps. Paul contended earnestly in the manifestations of his own life for the testimony of the cross of Christ, but as soon as he came in contact with the Ephesians, Corinthians, or Galatians, he left them nearly on a level with the children of this world, and proffered them salvation by grace through faith. He worked with indefatigable zeal to preach hig word among the Gentiles, but under all these liberties of a worldly generative life, the Christian church has hid itself for many hundreds of years, and at the same time claimed to be offering divine honors to Jesus, the Christ. H. C. Blinn.