THE CHRIST IDEAL IN SHAKERISM. No. 1. By Paul Tyner. [Published in the Humanitarian of January 1896, and re-published by permission. Ed.] Affection shall solve every one of the problems of freedom. Those who love each other shall be invincible. ******* The dependence of Liberty shall be lovers. The continuance of Equality shall be comrades. Walt Whitman. IN the history of men and nations, every great step forward and upward is marked by an awakening of the human consciousness to higher and larger realization of truth and its demands on character and conduct. Involution of the Divine Spirit from above ever accompanies the evolution of material forms and conditions from beneath. We are drawn as well as pushed onward, and every advance brings us not only supremacy over the lower, but also strength and stimulus for fresh effort and still further endeavor. To the awakened and advancing soul, there are always more worlds to conquer. First in a single individual, thence rapidly spreading to hundreds and thousands, a new light shines forth, revealing at once the beauty of the higher, further ground, and the comparative depth and darkness of the lower path by which we have climbed. The Shakers believe that there has always been, is now, and will continue unto the end (if end there shall be,) a divine force intelligently working in humanity to accomplish divine ends. Some special manifestation of this ever flowing God-force has marked the beginning of every great advance in human history. Abraham, Moses and Jesus, mark three distinct progressive cycles of revelation, each summing up the Law and the Prophets of all preceding dispensations and calling for the fulfillment of 'every jot and tittle' of the old law in spirit and in truth, while at the same time revealing, in the new light of the latter day, new and higher standards of right, which all who could perceive were summoned to strive towards, if they would truly live. Shakerism, in each of these cycles of the working of the divine afflatus, sees steadily enlarging preparation for the advent among men of human society organically divine. 'The Christ Spirit,' to the Shakers, means the Spirit of Truth, and while its openings into, and operations upon and through, 96 THE MANIFESTO. Abraham, Moses and Jesus are believed to be especially connected and to have near and direct bearing on the evolution of humanity in the Western world, it is as fully recognized that the inspiration of such leaders in the East as Buddah, Krishna and Confucius, were similarly appearances of the Christ Spirit, having special reference to the special needs created by Oriental conditions and lines of development. That at bottom Truth is one, in all times and among all nations, is an axiom of universal acceptance among the Brethren and Sisters of the United Society of Believers in Christ, commonly called 'Shakers.' A fourth cycle of divine illumination, it is held, was opened in the person of Ann Lee. In a very large and very true sense, Ann Lee, the founder of Shakerism, may be considered the pioneer New Woman. Nearly a century before our women pioneers lifted up their voices for woman's political emancipation, this Manchester blacksmith's daughterthis woman of the people began a valiant battle for woman's moral emancipation. As the revolt of Luther sowed the seeds of American independence aud the French Revolution, so the revolt of this simple and fearless daughter of God, this AngloSaxon Joan of Arc, against woman's moral slavery sowed the seed which the closing years of this century sees ripening into a recognition of woman's true place beside her brother in every field of human effort and advance. When Ann Lee proclaimed the gospel of purity, she inaugurated the first really great woman movement. Her conception of the woman movement, however, was much larger than that of some of its later apostles. With the clearness of vision of a great mother soul, Ann Lee from the first perceived that the true woman movement must not be a sex but a race movement. She instinctively recognized the truth Walt Whitman sings : 'Unfolded out of the folds of the woman, man comes unfolded, as is always to come unfolded.' So the truth she proclaimed and preached is the truth that shall make men freemen male and female, without regard to sex, race, color, creed or existing condition of servitude. The millennium which Shakerism has in large degree realized, and to the fuller realization of which its history and its teachings point the way, is a social organism in which love shall be the supreme law, and the greatest good of every individual sought and found, as it can only be found, in the greatest good of the social organism, to be attained through absolutely unselfish unity of purpose and interest finding expression in highly organized, intelligent and harmonious unity of action. It is only a truism to say that every human advance has been marked by a breaking of old bonds and the attaining of greater and greater freedom. In Tennyson's dedication To the Queen, he pointed out the chief distinction of Victoria's reign when he wrote : THE MANIFESTO. 97 'And statesmen at her council met Who knew the seasons when to take Occasion by the hand and make The bounds of freedom wider yet.' The successive steps in our growth and progress in art, science, religion, philosophy and government, may as a rule, be traced to movements often small in their beginnings, but gathering force and momentum as they grow, and finally moving on over all obstacles and opposition by the irresistible force of truth. (To be continued.)