NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. April. Thermometer. Ruin. Snow. 1895. 44.44 5 in. 0 in. 1896. 48. 1 ' 4 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 84 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 18 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 4 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 2 ' clear ' ' ' 1:5 ' ' cloudy' *' ' 11 C. G. Reed. South Family. May, 1896. As this is a fine spring morning with a bright sky, bracing air and music of birds to be heard everywhere, we are induced to make you a brief call just to tell you about home. Eldress Sophia Copley of Enfield, Conn, and Sister Martha Johnson of Hancock, Mass., favored us with a flying visit one day. The home here is being improved by the removal of some old fences and the building of new ones; the orchards are being renovated, busy hands are trimming and grafting fruit trees; when you come this way, which we hope will be before long, you shall dine on the very best of fruits. Poultry culture is an important and profitable item in the domestic economy. The industrious chicks deposited over two hundred and fifty doz. eggs the past mo. These hens are not April fools. The dairy record for the last year records 3814 lbs. of the finest quality of butter in market. Br. Wm, Thrasher passed his one hundredth anniversary April 11. He enjoyed hearing some articles that were written for the occasion. He is well and happy. Genevieve DeGraw. Shakers, N. Y. North Family. May, 1893. The unfolding of leaf and blossom and the reclothing of the destitute forms in the vegetable world with fresh and unsoiled garments, while beautiful to view and inspiring to contemplate, reminds us that now is the acceptable time in which the good seed should be sown and cared for if a harvest of those fruits which bring joy to the reaper is to be expected. Action is at present the watchword on farm and garden, and the toilers are up early preparing the soil for the reception of the seed. The prospect for fruit in this section is very poor; many peach trees are frozen. April, while giving us a week of tropical weather, was devoid of those 'April showers which bring May flowers' and at present writing we are greatly in need of rain. We peruse with pleasure the Home Notes and have in mind some that we should be glad to see occasional communications from in that department. The Manifesto is our interest, and prayer is sent forth that it may prosper, and may the spirit of the Comforter be with those who are directing its ministrations. Hamilton DeGraw. Enfield, N. H. May, 1896. The theologies of all ages have had a powerful influence in shaping the lives of humanity and advancing civilization. Today we know that all things that tend toward the bettering of self-hood, or the advancement of society, are of God; and numberless are the influences that work for our general good. Good literature, exhortations and prayers, are three great forces effectual in the degree that they inspire to moral activity and good works. Shingle sawing and gardening, combined with the usual invasion of housecleaning are now in full operation, demanding consecrated hand service from willing laborers. As willing hands make light work, so genuine heart goodr/ess is productive of results that bespeak a living christliness, by which human life is brought into rapport with the attributes of God. God, the beauty, wisdom and power, That governs this world of ours; Evolves the crude ore into the flue; Makes life sparkle of the divine. God, centered in spirits not of earth; Known in service of moral worth That tells for justice, wisdom and love Blending mankind with Christ above. George H. Baxter.