ZION. By Watson Andrews. [A revised copy of a poem which appeared in the July No. of The Manifesto for 1894. By the original author.] Lo! in wrapped silence, 'mid bright, rural scenes, Fair Zion sits, the virgin Queen of queens. Lo! from 'the Mount' her living waters flow; A thousand hearts, their healing virtues know; A thousand souls, drink and are satisfied, And know, and love the risen Groom and Bride; And know and love each other in the Lord, A dual Priesthood ;Such the gift of God. This holy union, male and female joined In gospel order, as of yore designed, And symbolized in Israel,chosen name, As seen by Moses, on the mount of flame, The Cherubim and Mercy-seat of gold, And fine twined linen fabrics, fold on fold; A Tabernacle, type of that to come, When Christ should bring again his Zion Home; When types and shadows should be done away, And the reality declare the day; When in the mighty power and gift of God, The Mother spirit, with the living Word, Should mark and mortify the seat of sin, And with a holy zeal, should usher in The Second Advent; Woman's virgin reign ; For which, the ancient church in vain Essayed to stand, but failing fell away; The faithful waiting for the Latter Day. This latter day of glory now begun, When not the Father only, and the Son; But Mother too, and Daughter, four as One, Should be revealed, a family Divine, To such high lineage we trace our line, Whose 'image and whose likeness' since we bear, Their 'image and their likeness' we declare. 'The things invisible, of Him,Paul said, Are seen and understood, by what is made.' The world of nature, being Grod manifest. Thus proven this question should forever rest. Nor still exclude, in sheer absurdity, The female attributes from the Diety. THE MANIFESTO. 93 Making the Source of universal life Inferior, by half, to that same life. But such the darkening power of priestly art; And such the nature of the woman heart; She's slow to think the world is all astray, On this, and kindred questions of the day. What she desired offended nature gave, And with that gift, the doom to be a slave, Until the light of gospel truth should shine Into her servile heart, with power Divine; Until, in all the strength of Jachin, she Should rise and slay her deadly enemy; Should crucify original desire, Baptizing 'with the holy Ghost and fire.' The Cross of Christ; the risen Savior's life ; The 'sacrifice of husband, children, wife;' 'Of lands and chattels, selfish will and way;' Such the baptism of the woman's day. Away with cant; away with priestly guile ; Away with subtle reasoning's specious wile, The gaud of vanity and lukewarm ease, The damp of death o'er Zion, comes of these. Be not deceived, we reap whate'er we sow Whate'er we cultivate, we surely grow. If light and life ; a knowledge of the way ; A faith unshaken in the Mother's day; A faith unshaken in her precious word; In Zion's Order as the gift of God, We cultivate; we've nothing then to fear; Such conecration, brings the kingdom near; But if instead, we lend a willing ear To the seductive cry, Lo here ! Lo there I We're liable to drift, we know not where. Union Village, O.