NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. April. Thermometer. Ruin. Snow. 1895. 44.44 5 in. 0 in. 1896. 48. 1 ' 4 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 84 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 18 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 4 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 2 ' clear ' ' ' 1:5 ' ' cloudy' *' ' 11 C. G. Reed. South Family. May, 1896. As this is a fine spring morning with a bright sky, bracing air and music of birds to be heard everywhere, we are induced to make you a brief call just to tell you about home. Eldress Sophia Copley of Enfield, Conn, and Sister Martha Johnson of Hancock, Mass., favored us with a flying visit one day. The home here is being improved by the removal of some old fences and the building of new ones; the orchards are being renovated, busy hands are trimming and grafting fruit trees; when you come this way, which we hope will be before long, you shall dine on the very best of fruits. Poultry culture is an important and profitable item in the domestic economy. The industrious chicks deposited over two hundred and fifty doz. eggs the past mo. These hens are not April fools. The dairy record for the last year records 3814 lbs. of the finest quality of butter in market. Br. Wm, Thrasher passed his one hundredth anniversary April 11. He enjoyed hearing some articles that were written for the occasion. He is well and happy. Genevieve DeGraw. Shakers, N. Y. North Family. May, 1893. The unfolding of leaf and blossom and the reclothing of the destitute forms in the vegetable world with fresh and unsoiled garments, while beautiful to view and inspiring to contemplate, reminds us that now is the acceptable time in which the good seed should be sown and cared for if a harvest of those fruits which bring joy to the reaper is to be expected. Action is at present the watchword on farm and garden, and the toilers are up early preparing the soil for the reception of the seed. The prospect for fruit in this section is very poor; many peach trees are frozen. April, while giving us a week of tropical weather, was devoid of those 'April showers which bring May flowers' and at present writing we are greatly in need of rain. We peruse with pleasure the Home Notes and have in mind some that we should be glad to see occasional communications from in that department. The Manifesto is our interest, and prayer is sent forth that it may prosper, and may the spirit of the Comforter be with those who are directing its ministrations. Hamilton DeGraw. Enfield, N. H. May, 1896. The theologies of all ages have had a powerful influence in shaping the lives of humanity and advancing civilization. Today we know that all things that tend toward the bettering of self-hood, or the advancement of society, are of God; and numberless are the influences that work for our general good. Good literature, exhortations and prayers, are three great forces effectual in the degree that they inspire to moral activity and good works. Shingle sawing and gardening, combined with the usual invasion of housecleaning are now in full operation, demanding consecrated hand service from willing laborers. As willing hands make light work, so genuine heart goodr/ess is productive of results that bespeak a living christliness, by which human life is brought into rapport with the attributes of God. God, the beauty, wisdom and power, That governs this world of ours; Evolves the crude ore into the flue; Makes life sparkle of the divine. God, centered in spirits not of earth; Known in service of moral worth That tells for justice, wisdom and love Blending mankind with Christ above. George H. Baxter. West Pittsfield, Mass. May, 1896. As we look around us we are led to think of the wonderous changes two short months can make. Fields that when we last called at the 'Home Corner,' were but white, frozen plains, are now teeming with verdure. The trees have exchanged their white garments for graceful and attractive suits of many colors. The birds have once more joined usT and the twittering of the sparrows, the chirping of the friendly robin, the piping of the bluebird and sweet melodies of the oriole, are heard from trees and hedges. It is indeed a pleasant change. As the season for obtaining maple sap arrived, a season which has generally failed to receive a celebration in our locality, our young brother, Kudolph Kirsten became anxious to obtain some of the sweets, and in spite of many prophecies of failure, tapped fifty trees, and for two weeks obtained from them a good supply of excellently flavored sap, which after being duly subjected to the necessary boi ing and purifying, gave as a result about twenty gallons of syrup. Elder Louis, who has been spending a month at Florida, we were glad to welcome in our home once more, and we listened with interest to his description of the 'Flowery Land,' which has ever held forth so many inducements to the stranger, since the days when the search for the 'Spring of Immortal Youth,'' was instigated. Housecleaning is nearly completed. For several weeks the fever raged, each day finding some new place for an attack, and so continued until all places to locate itself were nearly exhausted when it moderated, and is now in a quiet state of convalescence. Brother Ira, who though constantly employed with many duties still is ever ready to do an act of kindness, has furnished us a long hose which will easily carry water to every flower garden on the lawn, thus making the task of keeping the soil moist much pleasanter. Fidelia Estdbrook. Harvard, Mass. May, 1896. Nature is now at her best. Fruit trees all in bloom, giving promise of an abundant harvest, if no cruel frosts nor blight disappoint us. Meadows and gardens are now suffering for much needed rain, as there has not enough fallen in four weeks to moisten the earth and the mercury for the week past has ranged from 70 to 90 deg. Planting and gardening are actively progressing, if we well improve the seed-time we may hope for an abundant harvest. We have repaired and re-roofed some of our out-buildings, which has improved THE Mi INIFES TO. 101 their looks very much. All our window sash are receiving a coat of paint. Our orchards have been under the hands of the pruners and cultivators. With the life and activity of springtime may we not be unmindful to keep alive the true spirit of Christ's kingdom of peace. Aftiraia M liwllard. Narcoossa, Florida May 3, 1896. Ouk Friend The Manifesto;Sixty days without rain. Yesterday 1% in. of rain with hail. Eleven pines are in blossom. Trees by watering are in prime condition. The garden has taken on its summer rest. Cabbages, potatoes and beans remain to furnish our table. We have dug two wells into the quicksands about 9 ft. deep from surface, with cui'b ample to collect water. Br. Charles, who has been sick for the past week, is very much better. For two days and two nights he received heroic care and attention. Elder Louis Basting visited and worked with us in the garden and on the hammock for one week, visiting the Big Dredge south of us and other places of interest and improvement. If it were possible for him to stay with us we should have been thrice happy. His mission could be felt if not spoken to the ear. May those penetrating x-rays of every good testimony find the shutter over a broken heart ever open, that they may permeate and mold anew our thoughts and affections, and may we carefully close our heart to every selfish feeling and cruel thought lest the impression taken be too deep to erase. Florida. Shaker Station, Ct. May, 1896. Jesus said, 'Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.' Why may we not have more of that rest, more of that joy? Why may we not even here breathe the pure air of heaven and be strengthened by the sweet songs of peace the angels sing? Let us never be discouraged by trials. If we firmly resolve to subdue wrong we can do it. We should not be disheartened at slow progress, little by little great things are accomplished; 'with truth for our standard' success will be be certain. Avoid all that leads to sin, is a commind of no small import. Nothing is more beautiful than purity, it was this that made our Savior's character divine. It is one of our golden opportunities to be watchful and prayerful. Patient continuance in well-doing will be crowned with success. The way of success is according to the commandment of God. ****** * 'The largest library is in Paris, the Xational, containing 2,200,000 volumes.' 'The great bell in Japan is 24 ft. high and 16 ft. in diameter across the rim.' 'Pekin, China, has the oldest paper, its age is one thousand years.' 'The largest lemon was sent to market from Florida in 1888, it weighed 2 lbs. and 2 oz.' Daniel Orcutt. Union Village, O. May, 1896. We are being favored with some nice showers these times which is a blessing we have had to do without, for quite a long time. But Ohio can safely take the blame to herself for her scarcity of showers of rain during the last several years, for the good Lord and Father of us all, had provided a grand and sublime system of irrigation for his Ohio children, and it remained in active and successful operation for a great many years. At last the worship of Mammon, became the all absorbing interest of the inhabitants of our beautiful state. The Father had previously erected thousands and thousands of pumps of the most elegant structure 102 THE MANIFESTO. capable of supplying the whole state with an all sufficiency of water. These consisted of beautiful trees scattered all over the land, from end to end of our beautiful state, ome of these irrigating machines were so efficient, that 1000 of them would carry into the atmosphere in one year, 7,000,000 tons of water. All this beautiful machinery of the Lord's planting, has been ruthlessly torn away, so we are now, and have been for several years, suffering for our lust and greed of the Almighty dollar, and we are so blindly infatuated by this sordid Moloch of selfishness, that we are making no provision for anything better by passing forestry laws for the piotection of what few forests yet remain to us and the possible restoration once more, of our beautiful State, to her original moisture and fertility. History assures us, that millions of acres of land in Persia and China, once fertile as the garden of Eden, are now weird wastes of sand, on which not one spear of grass can be found and all from the ruthless destruction of the forests with which they were formerly clothed. Well! I suppose we must learn by what we suffer. Egypt and Algiers are rainless regions, but since the French have occupied the latter, they have sunk Artesian wells, and set out hundreds and thousands of trees, now they have several fine showers in a season and expect to entirely restore the country to a rich standard of fertility in process of time. Well! we are all well and things are going at about their usual rate and the times are rather barren of incident. During the last winter a good deal of repairing has been done also painting and whitewashing. We have a grand prospect of fruit, if the frost will only let it alone. We most earnestly wish The Manifesto all possible success and the worthy Society and operators who print and conduct the same. Oliver V. Hampton. Uniformity of thought... Uniformity of thought makes an orderly intellect; uniformity of purpose a well regulated life. C. C. V. To the Dear Brethren and Sisters... [ We have received the parting blessing of a Brother in the faith who lived in the city of Philadelphia. He passed away on the 9th\of last March, at the age of 57 years. Ed ] To the Dear Brethren and Sisters: We are remembering with great pleasure the visit of Eldress Alvira to our family, and also the birthday of our blessed Mother Ann Lee, February 29. To the beloved Editor of The Manifesto we send hearty greetings and love for the many kind favors we have received. By this note I show my thankfulness, and not only for myself, but also our little family in the city of brotherly love, who have through your liberality been blest with copies, each month, of The Manifesto. I also remember with pleasure, and in all kindness, my privilege to visit the dear friends at Mt. Lebanon, at Watervliet, and at West Pittsfield, in 1882. Affectionately, August Meltzer.