Union Village, O. May, 1896. We are being favored with some nice showers these times which is a blessing we have had to do without, for quite a long time. But Ohio can safely take the blame to herself for her scarcity of showers of rain during the last several years, for the good Lord and Father of us all, had provided a grand and sublime system of irrigation for his Ohio children, and it remained in active and successful operation for a great many years. At last the worship of Mammon, became the all absorbing interest of the inhabitants of our beautiful state. The Father had previously erected thousands and thousands of pumps of the most elegant structure 102 THE MANIFESTO. capable of supplying the whole state with an all sufficiency of water. These consisted of beautiful trees scattered all over the land, from end to end of our beautiful state, ome of these irrigating machines were so efficient, that 1000 of them would carry into the atmosphere in one year, 7,000,000 tons of water. All this beautiful machinery of the Lord's planting, has been ruthlessly torn away, so we are now, and have been for several years, suffering for our lust and greed of the Almighty dollar, and we are so blindly infatuated by this sordid Moloch of selfishness, that we are making no provision for anything better by passing forestry laws for the piotection of what few forests yet remain to us and the possible restoration once more, of our beautiful State, to her original moisture and fertility. History assures us, that millions of acres of land in Persia and China, once fertile as the garden of Eden, are now weird wastes of sand, on which not one spear of grass can be found and all from the ruthless destruction of the forests with which they were formerly clothed. Well! I suppose we must learn by what we suffer. Egypt and Algiers are rainless regions, but since the French have occupied the latter, they have sunk Artesian wells, and set out hundreds and thousands of trees, now they have several fine showers in a season and expect to entirely restore the country to a rich standard of fertility in process of time. Well! we are all well and things are going at about their usual rate and the times are rather barren of incident. During the last winter a good deal of repairing has been done also painting and whitewashing. We have a grand prospect of fruit, if the frost will only let it alone. We most earnestly wish The Manifesto all possible success and the worthy Society and operators who print and conduct the same. Oliver V. Hampton.