TRIBUTE. By D. C. Brainard. 'And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me write, Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord, from henceforth; Yea saith the spirit, that they may rest from their labors, and their works do follow them.' ''For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive.' OUR Sister Johanna Freeborn whose earthly existence terminated March 31, was sixty-two years of age, and has been with our people about ten years. She has always manifested a quiet, amiable disposition, ready and willing at all times to do whatever duty required. She has gained the affection of her companions, the respect of all, and can say with the Psalmist, 'The Lord is my Shepherd I shall not want yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, 1 will fear no evil, for thou art with me, thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.' We have every reason to believe it is well with her. Prentice says, 'O! could I snatch the eagle's plumes And soar to that bright world above Which God's own holy light illumes With glories of eternal love, How gladly every lingering tie That binds me down to earth I' d sever . And leave for that blest home on high This hollow-hearted world forever.' The living can always be benefited by every such occasion as this to-day. To renew our vows to be more faithful in our duties, more consecrated to the cause committed to our care, to keep constantly before us, the solemn truth that life is short at best and our abode here is but temporary to discipline and fit us for our final and eternal home. 'Our lives are rivers, gliding free To that unfathomed boundless sea, The silent grave. Thither all earthly pomp and boast, Roll, to be swallowed up and lost In one dark wave.' And shall we not meet our friends and fellow pilgrims in that home beyond the grave? I believe we will, when we have exchanged mortality, for immortality. The devoted Greek in 'Ion' when about to yield up his life was asked, Shall we meet again? replied,'I have asked the question of the hills that look eternal, of the clear streams that flow forever, of the stars, among whose field of azure my raised spirit has walked in glory; all are dumb. But as I gaze on the living face. I feel there is something in the love that mantles through its beauty that can not perish,We shall meet again.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.