To the Memory of our Gospel Father, Elder JOHN B. VANCE. By Fannie Casey. At the close of the day in the quiet of evening, Our father was called to his rest; In death as in life he calmly surrendered, As the voice of the spirit thought best. 94 THE MANIFESTO. We watched by his side and prayed, ''0 our Father, Wilt thou this sad cup pass by ;' But he whispered not one word of complaint, As the messenger, Death, drew nigh. He knew that the body, alone, could be buried, While his spirit so happy and free, Would soar to the mansions of heavenly glory, Where joy and rejoicing would be. He has met with the loved ones who've gone on before, Their welcome, methinks I can hear, 'O come dearest brother, we've longed for thy presence, Thy home and thy treasure are here.' 'A crown of bright glory awaits thy sure coming, And robes of pure white will adorn Thy spirit made pure through deep tribulation, As thou hast the burden and crosses well borne.' Our father, so loving, so kind and so gentle, Has past from our sight here below; But he will not leave us, his presence will cheer us, And guide us wherever we go. So firm and so loyal, unyielding in duty, No matter though foes oft opprest; He took for his guidance the will of 'Our Father,' And silently past into rest. The aged well know of his justice and mercy, The young, ah ! how much they will miss Their father and friend, their earthly protector, Who shared in their sorrows or bliss. Thy life, precious Elder, will be as a pilot To guide us along the lone way, Thy example of purity, virtue and truth, Will be a sure guide from this day. Though storms may arise and foes oft oppress us, And sad seems the journey below ; We'll think of thy zeal and patiently bear it, As on to thy home we may go. Our Elder's not dead but only arisen, He's gone to a far brighter sphere, Where he will await the day of our coming, For that day, to many, is near. Our holy pledge we now give, dearest Elder, THE MANIFESTO. 95 To be true we ever will be; And in that precious home of glory so bright, We'll share of God's blessing with thee. Alfred, Me.