Correspondence. Dear Friend;--'Life is real... [Letter from a young Believer to an outside friend. 'Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings thou hast perfected praise.'] Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. March, 1896. Dear Friend ; 'Life is real, life is earnest, And the gra\e is not its goal, * Dust thou art to dust returnest Was not spoken of the soul.' These words, from Longfellow's Psalm of Life, come to mind at this time, and I am impressed to write them. It seems to me that a good, firm, strong faith in the immortality of the sonl is essential to the happiness of our present lives. Never have I felt the land of spirits so near, never have I felt so close a joining to those wrho have gone on before us, as at the present time. The Shaker life is in a great measure calculated to develop the spiritual and prepare souls for the work of higher spheres. This is indeed a holy and a pure gospel, evidencing by its fruits that it is of the Christ Spirit. In your last letter you express much the same feeling which I entertained for some time before coming here. You say you 'would be glad to find your place in the world of usefulness, and that you feel like a stranger in a strange land.' I remember how I longed to find some people with whom I could share the joys and burdens of life; above all I longed to find some cause worthy of my best effort's. Eureka ! (I have found it.) Indeed everyday that I pass here only increases my desire and determination to make this cause mine, to make myself worthy of so good and true a companionship. Life is now full of good things, not without its rough places to be sure, but so different from the lives of those who have no hope. I feel quite an interest in your travel of soul, for so I must consider your present condition, and would be glad to extend a helping hand or do what is 98 THE MANIFESTO. best toward bringing you to a state of rest and peace. Do you not think it would be well for you to investigate our life ? There is room among us for every one who will come with a sincere desire for truth. Our gospel is no respector of persons, all are on a common footing, equality is one of our cardinal principles. This means quite a good deal, and I do not believe that any people can successfully establish a community home except on a religious basis. The spiritual gift must be uppermost, or the people perish. In our life there is a cross to be borne against the carnal nature which we all have inherited, but once the separation from the world is made, and a real gift for the work is obtained, life becomes indeed a blessing. Our life also is necessarily a busy one as we have the material to maintain by hon est industry, but all things are made easy to those who have understanding faith. The real beauty in our home is that we are continually surrounded by those, who like ourselves are earnestly striving for the higher life, ever ready to sustain us in every good and noble effort. The only way for one to know the worth of this faith is to stop theorizing and come and live it. The world is full of theory concerning the Christian life with but few who are earnestly striving to put its principles into practice. I believe that nothing short of the genuine practical life, as taught and lived by the lowly Nazarene, will bring contentment to any in this sphere and everlasting joy to the soul in future states of existence. You say you are troubled with the 'blues.' That is on account of your solitary life perhaps, and I know the companionship of those who have much faith and hope is a sure cure for that disease. Think the matter over and if you come to any decision, let me know. I have no knowledge of the Colorado Co-operative Colony, but am convinced that all such enterprises have in the past proved futile when established on a purely material basis. Our people know from experience how hard it is to overcome the selfishness of human nature so far as to admit of a successful co-operative or communistic effort. As before stated, nothing but the true spirit of love and forbearance founded upon a life of absolute purity will hold together any Community. With kind regards I remain sincerely yours, Ezra J. Stewart.