AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF CHAS. D. HAMPTON OF UNION VILLAGE, O. NO. 5. IIN our estimation, it is indeed marvelous and in truth passing strange that minds enlightened by the illumination of science, by the experience of age, and all the immense mass of information to be obtained from books in the middle of the nineteenth century should not see the signs of the times, when it seems as if everything on earth and in heaven proclaims the fact that light is bursting from the Spirit world in almost a perpetual blaze. We insist upon it that intelligent men of the age examine and judge for themselves. If they look over the state of the world since the middle of the last century, they will find in this examination a wonderful and astonishing era in the world's calendar. A movement revolutionizing the whole social, moral and religious world, upheaved in the aggregate and staggering under combined effects of the moving phalanx stih1 going on. Now to what cause is this universal movement to be ascribed? Notice the stir almost simultaneous through the moral and religious world in regard to intemperance, the testimony against it springing up in Europe and America, spreading far and wide through all orders, sects and denominations. Observe the exertions of manly and liberal minds on the subject of slavery; with what a noble and dignified front they have breasted the appalling wrath of almost half a nation battling against them. The combined darkness of ignorance, interest and obstinacy arrayed against the majesty of human rights and human liberty in all the slave-holding states, and in thousands of the free states whose narrow and sordid spirJUNE, 90 THE MANIFESTO. its are interested in perpetuating the evil. See the influence of a few quiet unassuming men on the important subject of war. Half of the civilized world are now convinced of its impropriety and converted to the sentiment of peace, and many who are still under the influence of ancient prejudices in its favor are standing up boldly in defense of peace principles. See also the humane influence exerted in many states, and in some of them almost in every county, to benefit the condition of the helpless, poor and aged, instead of selling them every year to be kept and maintained by the lowest bidder. They are now provided for at the expense of the government, and generally are treated as human beings, worthy of commiseration. The invention of the steam engine and its application to the various purposes of life; carrying commerce almost to the farthest verge of the green earth ; spinning our cotton; drawing water for mechanical purposes ; printing thousands and thousands of books, papers and pamphlets ; reaping grain ; mowing and raking hay, etc., etc. Lastly, time and space almost annihilated by the telegraphic wires. But how is it that within the short space of eighty or ninety years the minds of men should so universally revolt at the idea of the civil and ecclesiastical tyranny to which they used so quietly and tamely to submit. Whence has been derived the astonishing acuteness and intellectual sagacity by which these surprising inventions have been produced and from what source has been derived the almost universally received feeling which now exists among men of learning in regard to the propriety of a social compact of human interests as may be seen in the many attempts to institute communities and connected associations. I can not doubt that all this mighty revolution in mind, all these salutary and glorious improvements in the civil, moral and intellectual world have been produced by the infusion of light from the Spirit world into the minds of men fitted and prepared, by the hand of Providence, for the reception and elucidation of these revelations for the good of the human family. From the hour in which the unwearied mind of Columbus found no rest, until it was wafted by the winds to America, and brought to view a new world, a spiritual influence from the upper world was constantly urging him on and on until the end was answered and the grand object in view was fully attained. And all along down through the annals of time, while the master spirits of the intellectual powers of mind were exhibited in that constellation of great men who flourished in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. It was from the foundation thus laid by these pioneers in human progress, as the human mind was just emerging out of the long, dark night of apostacy, that the germ of civil liberty had its rise, and finally terminated in establishing permanent principles under the constitution of the United States. (To be continued.)