Sanitary. MILK AS A DIET. A medical, man expresses the belief that a person could live for any length of time and take heavy exercise all the whiie on no other food than sweet milk. His conviction is the result of personal experiment. He wanted to establish the fact that persons convalescing fro in sickness may grow stronger with no other nutriment than sweet milk, and that they are not obliged to take 'something solid' to eat, as so many people imagine. He holds that many a convalescent has gone into his grave as a result of overtaxing his weak stomach by putting 'solid' food into it; and he maintains that the old belief as to bread being the first essential of human life is shown by his experiments to be erroneous. His test was to live thirty days with only sweet milk as a nourishment. In the whole time he lost five and a half pounds in weight, but no strength. He even attributes the loss of weight to the warmth of the weather and to excessive exercise on the bicycle and the daily manipulation of sixteen-pound 120 THE MANIFESTO. dumb-bells and other heavy weights. He took more exercise than usual, in order to test the thing fairly. On the seventh day of the experiment he ran several fast races with a skillful runner, and was beaten in each race. On the thirtieth day he again pitted himself against the same runner and did the best of the racing, which certainly would tend to confirm his statement that he lost no strength during the thirty days' test. He drank four pints of milk daily for the last week. He thinks a healthy person should take about five pints of milk daily when no other food is being taken. His practice was to drink milk at intervals of two hours during the day, commencing at 1 o'clock in the morning and continuing until 10 at night. After that he would take no more until next morning. New York Commercial Advertiser. Frying, by which is usually meant... Frying, by which is usually meant the fashionable process of preparing food in fat and grease is always objectionable. In general, we cook too much and cook erroneously. Seasonings for food if applied at all, should never be applied till ' the food is on the table. There is a good story told of a foreigner at a table in New York, one man had besprinkled the plate of meat with pepper, saying,at the same time, 'I take it gentleman, you all like pepper.' Another added some mustard with the same assurance and the same remark. The foreigner, not a little vexed, took out his snuff-box, and in his turn sprinkled its contents on the food, saying. 'I take it gentleman, you all like snuff.' Dr. Alcott.