NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. May. Thermometer. Bain. 1895. 57.35 3 in. 1896. 61.71 2.25 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 86 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 38 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 6 ' clear ' ' ' 11 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 14 C. G. Reed. North Family. June, 1896. I ask the pleasure of a visit with dear Brethren and Sisters to whom my mind goes out in loving interest. In the growing west, the sunny south, and the rugged east, there have been homes reared by consecrated toil; may these be sustained and kept inviolate, by those who hold the sacred inheritance. Puiity of life, honesty integrity, and non indebtedness in business relations with the world, these are the strongholds of Christian Communism. Without close adherence to these, there comes loss and failure. Under good Br. Levi's supervision and thoroughness the farm is regaining its fertility. Rye and oats, of which many acres are planted, are looking splendid. Brother Ezra and the boys keep the gardens in good condition. The stock are well kept and the young fowls are growing finely, but one chick lost out of a hundred hatched. We fear a meagre supply of small fruit this season; no sweet cherries or plums, but few pears and quinces, apple trees blossomed full, and fruit has set nicely. Our blackberry patch looks as though a fall of snow had settled upon it. On the afternoon of the 3rd inst. there was a school picnic in the orchard by the school house, to which all were invited. Sr. Grace Brown, the teacher, arranged an interesting program. The young people played games, and at six p. m. refreshments were served. The time passed pleasantly until seven o'clock, when the company dispersed. Martha /. Anderson. Center Family. June 11, 1898. We repeat the same old story of very dry weather. In this section we consider the drought for the past two months to be unparalleled for the season of the year still the crops are looking finely, taken as a whole. Cherries, pears and plums will be almost a total failure; where we have had a hundred bushels there will not be five. The strawberries are coming in nicely. Since our last Home Notes we have taken in a young man on probation and we hope he will do well. Ministry returned to their Central Home two weeks ago yesterday. Health of our people pretty fair. Timothy D. Ray son. Shakers, N. Y. North Family. June, 1896. The month of roses has arrived and is refreshed by beautiful showers, the last day of May giving us the most abundant rain that we have had since the advent of warm weather. The warble of the birds is music that to one whose interior life is rightly attuned gives tones that are free from discordant vibrations and cause us to feel that they are the earthly counterpart of the music of the spheres. As we write we hear the cheerful notes of a pair of Orioles that have nested in a tree near our window and of our summer birds they can be classed with the most useful as they are great destroyers of injurious worms and insects. We may have placed our anticipations higher than at present can be realized, but when we read of those heretical burnings we could not help asking, can it be possible that the closing years of the nineteenth century is to witness the revival of that monster of theological bigotry and it has again showed its form! The destruction of life and property that has latelj been caused by those devastating storms that have swept over different sections of our country, causes our feelings to go out in sympathy for the afflicted, and thankfulness that we have been protected. Hamilton DeOraw. Enfield, N. H. June, 1896. Not in the recollection of the oldest members of our Society has there been such a confluence of unwelcome life, as was manifest in the unfolding foliage of our fruit trees and shrubbery this spring. Woven among the leaves and blossoms was the vail webbing of the insect commonly called the apple-worm. Appearances indicated they had come to stay, but some of us thought otherwise. Accordingly, with poles, tar and kerosene oil, fourteen Sisters and four Brethren invaded their chosen homes making sad havoc, not only of their nests, but of themselves also. How they regarded our intrusion will never be known: possibly they look upon us in the same light that the poor Armenians do the cruel Turks. We were able to combine much pleasure with our disagreeable business, that of partaking of our dinner and supper at the sugar-camp, where two hundred and forty-two gallons of syrup was made the past season. The loftiness of our position which gave us an excellent opportunity to view the picturesque landscape about us, which, inspires the mind with a love for the Infinite goodness of our Maker and when incorporated into the characters of human beings, broadens and strengthens the intellectual faculties, and transmutes all low instincts into spiritual forces that deify life, and cause the soul to worship only at the shrine of its ideal Spirit of truth and holiness. George H. Baxter.