A FEW DAYS FROM HOME. June 25, 1896. Elder Abraham Perkins and the writer left home on the 10th inst and taking the cars at Lakeport, a distance of fourteen miles from Shaker Village, found ourselves before the close of the day in the old city of Rochester, N. H. The Wrisley Hotel was accepted as our home during our sojourn, and the attention and care afforded us was very pleasant. From this j)lace we take the cars to Alfred, and were very kindly met at the station by Elder Henry G. Green. From this station to the Shaker Village was a pleasant ride of two miles, but for a short distance was fearfully near the Railroad. The home of the Alfred Believers is on the western hill-side, and the view of the surroundings can but make all hearts glad, as does most of the scenery of our New England states. The highway passes through the village from south to north 118 TRE MANIFESTO. and the larger part of the buildings are on the west side of the road. All the buildings situated near the highway are painted white and trimmed with green blinds. Those more distant are of a darker shade. The farm at this place is hard to till on account cf the liberal supply of granite boulders that have been strewn broadcast throughout this section. A nice herd of stock is kept at this place and most of the milk is sent to the station every morning. A silo of more than 100 tons is one of the progressive features of the New England farmer, and we were interested to hear the Br. Herdsman say that it was highly appreciated. Very handsome cattle with white faces are the most common, and one farmer who was driving a pair of steers through the village, invited the Brethren to come out and see his beauties. At the dairy we saw a large separator and a barrel churn. The machinery was operated by a gasoline engine the whole management of which is under the charge of the Sisters. A visit to the school-house was very pleasant and Eldress Fannie very kindly gave us every attention. The pupils are amply supplied with every convenience for an education and all encouragement given to promote their progress. The blackboards were large glass plates, held to the walls by suitable frames. The great variety of fancy work manufactured at this place makes a beautiful exhibition, and many trips to the White Mountains and to the Hotels at the ocean resorts are required to make the desirable changes, that convert these treasures into gold and silver. A ride around the Massabesic Lake, with Elder Henry afforded us a rare opportunity of seeing more of the beautiful landscape. A drive to the village of Alfred also afforded us the privilege of visiting the new Court House. We were met very pleasantly by several of the officers present and many pages would be required to illustrate the beautiful rooms through which we were escorted by the very polite and affable janitor. After a visit of three days with our beloved gospel friends, through whom we shared many blessings and every attention of gospel care, we were taken in a carriage by Elder Henry, a distance of 18 miles to Old Orchard. Here we make a tarry of one day. On the 18th we reach the station at New Gloucester, a distance of six miles from the Shaker Village. Elder William Dumont is at the station with a carriage, and we are soon on the road to his beautiful home,on the hill-side, at the foot of which on the east is that lovely sheet of water that bears the name of Sabbathday Lake. The farm at Gloucester is easy of cultivation and makes ample returns for all the labor bestowed upon it. The family garden is on the hill- side west of the Village in which may be found a liberal variety of food plants, and all under good cultivation. At the north end of this same enclosure, the Sisters have about 1000 ft. of sweet peas, and also a large \ ariety of other flowers. The larger part of these flowers are arranged into pretty bouquets and sold at the Hotel at Poland Springs, which is some three miles north of the Shaker Village. The Believers at this place have a beautiful brick dwelling which is very handsomely finished and furnished from attic to cellar. A tank holding some 500 gall, is in the attic and amply supplies the whole house. A steam engine of six horse power carries the machinery that is used in the laundry and essentially reduces the burden of washing. A visit to the barn shows readily, the attention that is given to the stock and the care and kindness that holds rule over the dumb animals. Every Shaker Village should be a 'Band of Mercy' and all the creatures should be treated with great kindness. An hour spent at the school-house was a season of much interest and the recita- THE MANIFESTO. 119 tions and singing by the pupils afforded much satisfaction. On the highest point of land near the Village, the Brethren have anticipated the finding of a better supply of water for domestic purposes. Machinery for drilling a six inch hole is in operation and they have already readied a depth of 30 or more feet, but as yet no water has been found. We visit the glass house and see some beautiful plants. The building of the frame, furnace and chimney are wholly the work of the Brethren. It is about 60 ft. long and 15 ft. wide. A visit to Poland Springs with Elder William gave us the pleasure of seeing that wonderful health resort which accommodates not less than 500 guests. The water at this place is said to bepure and this with the beautiful surroundings is quite enough to inspire health in those who are privileged to reside in this mountain home. The Main State Building which was erected in Chicago at a cost of $18,000 has been safely removed to Poland, and again rebuilt, and now contains a beautiful Library, a room for mounted botanical specimens that are to be gathered within a distance of three miles from Poland Springs. An art gallery will in the near future be one of the choice attractions and the workmen were already engaged in the work. Through the kindness of the proprietors we were escorted over the 'Poland Spring House,' and the journey fell but little short of a trip to 'Wonderland.' The beautiful dining-room for the guests, a smaller one for the little folks, and then another as neat as a parlor for the large company of workmen, and of this class there were but a few less than one hundred. We passed through the laundry and ironing rooms which are amply furnished with the best of machinery, and with the best of workmen,then througl: the bakery and cooking department^ where the men and women were arrayed in garments 'clean and white,' and had it been ascension day, we might have thought they were preparing to reach their mansion in the skies. Mr. Edward Ricker very pleasantly took us under escort for a short time and pointed out many things of deep interest, but it would require pages if we were to relate the one half we saw while on our visit to Poland Springs. On our return to the little family at New Gloucester, we again enter the loved circle of our gospel relation, whose interest and whose cares and burdens are shared by our whole Community. In the temporal and spiritual blessings our union was with all that adds new life to make of us a Brotherhood and Sisterhood that are working for the good of humanity. Henry C. Blinn.