Dear -----;--The Believers in that state... [Elder Louis Basting who has been on a visit to Florida writes,-Ed.]Dear- - - - -;The Believers in that state are pleasantly situated by the shores of the lake, and the location is very healthful. The house of course, is in an unfinished state but quite comfortable. It serves its purpose as a temporary habitation quite well. The permanent dwelling is to be erected upon a ridge about two miles or more from here. This ridge is covered with a heavy growth of trees and underwood. The work of clearing it has been started and is quite heavy work. The soil is rich and the new railroad is to come within one mile of the place. It is really astonishing to observe the amount of work these lew Brethren have accomplished in one year's time. None of them have been sick at any time, and they are living very well. Their table is profusely supplied, chiefly with productions of their own. Something is growing ready for use the year round. They had everything to learn;the nature of the different soils and the best season to plant the different fruits and vegetables. It seems to me that Florida is a land well suited to people of moderate expectations and who are willing to work and earn their support. The land is cheap and the taxes very low. In Hancock about 1500 are annually paid for taxes, here they are less than $20. And then there is a glorious climate whose value can not be estimated by dollars. Fish can be had in abundance out of the lake. Calla lilies are blooming now, April 16th, out of doors. The lake water is quite pure and good to drink. The well water has a slight sulphurous taste, like a medicinal spring. I like it, while many people prefer rain water. Dairying can be made a source of profit here, but the chief source of income will be from fruits and vegetables. The finest hotels are located in Florida, where the Sisters would probably find a market for their fancy goods. There is talk of having a wind mill to pump water from the lake for irrigation. I have helped the Brethren some about gardening and grubbing, and feel decidedly better than when I left home. Of course there are some unpleasant things to be met with here as well as anywhere else. There are alligators and snakes and mosquitoes, and the half wild pigs may bring some fleas. But these can all be controlled. The Shaker domain extends over twelve square miles of land, not including the lakes. So the residents, present and prospective, have pleuty of room. Your Brother, Louis Basting.