THE CHRIST IDEAL IN SHAKERISM. No. 2. By Paul Tyner. AS yet, Ann Lee's fame is confined to the records and traditions of a small and obscure sect. She does not live in history; her life and her deeds have not found place in song or story. No glowing canvas pictures the splendid drama of her labors for humanity; the histrionic stage has not yet given or received lustre from the reflection of her heroism; she is not among those to whom an admiring world pays tribute in enduring marble and bronze. Time will come when Ann Lee's name will be placed on the roll of liberty's champions, foremost among the lovers and leaders of men,with Luther and Bruno, Savanarola and Knox, Cromwell and Hampden, Washington and THE MANIFESTO. 109 Jefferson. Dazzlingly dramatic and romantic as was the brief career of the Maid of Orleans, it is only nowfive hundred years after she saved France and was burned at the stakethat her glory is finding fitting recognition in art and literature. So Ann Lee is in very good company and can afford to bide her time. Meantime, her fame is secure in the hearts of generations of followers, who lovingly give her the title of 'Mother,' and her monuments ma}7 be found in nearly a score of thriving communities of robust-souled, pure-minded, clean-handed, earnest, diligent, loving men and women, who having lost the life of worldly strife and illusion, have found a higher life in the strength and peace of ''Mother's Gospel.' Nearly eighteen hundred years had passed since Jesus preached the Gospel of Love on the shores of Galilee, and the whole civilized world claimed his name and professed to follow his teaching, when this illiterate Manchester factory girl commenced her mission. It began with a personal experience, not uncommon then (we may hope it is at least less common now,) an experience the pathos and tragedy, horror and shame, of which perhaps only a woman can entirely understand. While still very young she was married against her will to a man much older than herself, a blacksmith like her father, and, like her father, or any other average good man of that time, incapable of understanding that reluctance on the part of a good wife to be at all times 'subject to the desiiv of her husband' could be anything but a foolish fancy,or worseunrea.-onable, undutiful, and unbiblical rebellion against the lot to which it had pleased God to appoint her. In this view, it must be remembered, they were sustained by Church and State, although the law restrained the husband from reducing his wife to due discipline and submission with any stick larger around than his thumb! To be outraged with impunity, to submit body and soul to the pleasure and passion of her husband, was the wife's accepted condition, against which she might not even allow the protest of her woman's nature to find voice, without incurring the shame and ignominy of being regarded as undutiful and 'flying in the face of Providence.' The tragedy of Ann Lee's loveless marriage is briefly, but all too eloquently, told in the simple record that 'she bore four children, all of whom died in infancy.' Thousands of women, millions of women, had suffered in the same way before Ann Lee, and millions since have suffered like torture and agony and shame. This grim and ghastly subjugation and slaughter of the mother sex, and so of the race, is still going on among us in every country of Christendom, and is hardly less flagrant and frequent among the rich and favored than among the poor and unfortunate. Ann Lee was the first woman who overcame the awful social pressure upon women to suffer and endure in silence, resigning themselves to propagating a race conceived in lust and slavery. Resolved to rise against this infamy, not for herself alone, but for all her sisters and her brothers as well, her soul 110 THE MANIFESTO. sought the salvation of the world. Out of the crucible of suffering and out of the tires of struggle, her great soul rose purified and resplendent, as pure gold out of the'ore that is crushed by the refiner and tried in the furnace. She wasted no time in weeping over her own hard lot; her personal pain and sorrow were not allowed to absorb and consume her. We are told that in her twenty-third year (probably soon after the death of that fourth child,) she came under the influence of a little society of people called the 'Slinking Quakers,' a spiritual band founded in England early in the eighteenth century by a few scattered French exiles, known in England as the 'French Prophets' and in France as the Camisards. The burden of their message and teaching was : 'Repent! Coufess your sins and amend your lives, for the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand!' Serious and thoughtful, even in her childhood, and always subject to deep religious impressions, often taking the form of heavenly visions, she early realized that her sins were the sins of the worldthe world's sins hersand this conviction caused her such travail and tribulation of soul that she sp &gt;ut many sleepless nights in laboring with her mind and crying to God to open some way of salvation. As she herself has related : 'Many times when I was about my work, I felt my soul overwhelmed with sorrow. I used to work as long as I could keep it concealed and then would go out of sight, lest any one should pity me with that pity which was not of God. In my travail and tribulation my sufferings were so great that my flesh consumed upon my bones, bloody sweat pressed through the pores of my skin, and I became as helpless as an infant. And when I was brought through and born into the spiritual kingdom, I was like an infant just born into the natural world. They see colors and objects, but they know not what they see. It was so with me; but before I was twenty-four hours old I saw, and knew what I saw.' ('Ann Lee: A Biography,' page 135.) Crying earnestly and incessantly to God to show her the cause of man's loss, and to open to her understanding the way to his redemption, 'Mother Ann' was thus wrought upon for a space of nine years. During this time, however, she had intervals of release, in which her bodily strength and vigor were marvelously renewed and her soul filled with divine visions and revelations. She became a leader in the little society, greatly enlightening the minds of its members and strengthening their faith by her testimony. Thus was she prepared for the great revelation on which was based Shakerism and that Christ Ideal that was to redeem the world. In the year 1770, while Ann Lee was imprisoned in Manchester on account of her preaching of repentance and righteousness, she believed that Jesus came to her, as He had come to the disciples after his Resurrection, to Paul on the road to Damascus, to Swedenborg when his spiritual vision was opened concurrently with his attainment of 'a new manner of breathing.' Jesus the undying Man, came to Ann Lee, as He has come and will hereaf- THE MANIFESTO. Ill ter come to every man or woman whose consciousness is prepared to receive, assimilate and transmit even the smallest further comprehension of that grand mystery by which the Oneness of Father and Son, of God and Man, was made manifest in the flesh, and every enemy, even Death, that last and most terrible, was vanquished. Jesus, who had never been very far away from her and who,flesh of our flesh and bone of our bone, One with the Father only through His Oneness with us,has never been really absent from any of us, however much our eyes may be blinded to His presence, this same Jesus visited Mother Ann in prison. He conveyed to her mind with clearness and conviction that measure of Divine Truth embodied in the Christ Ideal which her consciousness,developed as it had been by sin, suffering and aspiration,was enabled to grasp and pass on to her follows. She was permitted to see in clear and open vision, she tells us, the root and foundation of human depravity, 'the very act of transgression committed by Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden,'which we may, in the light of later development, take to mean that her mind was opened to the fact that all the ills that flesh is heir to, all the vices and crimes that afflict humanity, disease and death itself, may be traced to selfishness, and mostly to that form of selfishness called lust; to the man's subjection to his will and pleasure, by brute force and not by love, of the woman on whose perfect purity, through perfect freedom, the very life of the race depends. Ann saw and understood this plainly, since it was through this subjection that her own womanhood had been despoiled and defiled,and, seeing this, it is not to be wondered at surely that she saw nothing more. To her literal mind, what more there was to be shownthe more known to Shelley and Godwin, and Mary Wolstonecraftwould have been incomprehensible and confusing. It was as essential to the success of her great mission to humanity that she should not see all, as that she should see and feel what she did with all her heart and all her mind and all her soul. To her this was the basis of the existing social system; it was what her husband called love, what her father and her mother and brothers and sisters upheld, what the law allowed and the Church sanctioned. She had never known any other sort of lovenever known real love ! Ann Lee went forth from prison filled with the godlike resolution to give her life, at any and all costs, to the one glorious cause of man's redemption. Thenceforth she lived only to bring sinners to a realization of their sins and to lead them through the gate of repentance into the regenerated life of the purified and the free. The intrepid Joan of Arc went forth at the head of her defeated and discouraged countrymen to meet the victorious and confident armies of the invaders ; but she had at her back the king and the people of her native land and their recognition that God was with her. Picture to yourselves the magnificent courage, the unfaltering faith, the sublime heroism of this one poor 112 THE MANIFESTO. English woman, as she went forth to battle for the freedom of the race against an institution guarded and upheld by the banded forces of the civilized world. Truly, she had to contend, not merely with the armies of a foreign enemy, but with the far more formidable foes of her own household. Ignorance and prejudice, law and custom, property rights and vested interests, the passions of the mob, the scorn and oppression of the powerful. Aye more, she was called to do battle with the principalities and powers of darkness. But she had seen the Master, had received her mission, knew God was on her side, and was not afraid. In preaching the gospel of purity, she thereafter delivered her testimony against lustful indulgence as the source of all human corruption and misery with a mighty spiritual power. The little flock of Shaking Quakers who now called her to their leadership and lovingly hailed her as 'Mother Ann,' were strangely stirred in their meetings, singing, dancing, shaking and shouting, speaking with strange tongues and prophesying. All the gifts of the spirit known in the Pentecostal Church were manifested by them and were continued increasingly until the full establishment of the church in America, as indeed, they continue among her followers to this day. During the next four years she preached in England, and with her followers was repeatedly mobbed and imprisoned. Once she was put on trial before an Ecclesiastical Court charged with blasphemy, and threatened with branding on the cheeks and boring of the tongue, if she did not justify her claims to spiritual gifts. The learned divines who constituted her judges testified that she spoke with strange eloquence for four hours of the wonderful works of God, strengthening her arguments with quotations from the Hebrew and the Greek scriptures, from Latin, French, Italian and Spanish authors, and discoursing fluently in every ancient and modern tongue known to them, and in many they did not know. She was acquitted by the Court; but this verdict only enraged the waiting mob, who cried out for her death. Taking Mother Ann with three of her followers to a field outside the town, they bound their limbs, and pelted them with stones. To their consternation, not one of the stones they cast hit the mark, and in the confusion that followed their design was abandoned. While the people were throwing stones, Mother Ann's soul was filled with love and she felt herself surrounded by the presence of God. 'I knew they could not kill me,' she said, 'for my work was not done !' (To be continued.)