REMARKS OF MOTHER LUCY WRIGHT, NO. 2. HOW' much easier it is to live in a cheerful, joyous spirit which is refreshing to both soul and body, than to let a heavy, moody feeling prevail. It is so easy and so clever to be good, that we will be good, but it is so repulsive to be bad, that we will not be bad.' Then in the tenderness of a Mother, she dismissed us, saying, she should not dismiss us from being good. If all realized their faith and privilege, it would be easy to feel thankful; but there is so much darkness, it is difficult to penetrate it. There is a pleasant way to be thankful, that is, to be humble. If a soul really feels humble, and realizes the tender mercy of God, he will be thankful. A great deal of darkness comes from an unreconciled mind. Some persons feel that they are above the simple ways of being and doing good. The gospel is meek and simple, and none are too old or too young to serve God. Brethren and Sisters, we wish you to keep in remembrance, that the gospel is ever new, it will not grow old neither will it fade away. All who are faithful to take up their crosses against the undisciplined rulings of the mind will feel, increasing satisfaction in the newness of their lives. To attain this, we must maintain the union of the Spirit, in the bond of peace. There must be union in the Spirit, Brethren with Brethren, Sisters with Sisters and Brethren and Sisters together. Short of this, the gospel is not fulfilled in its requirements. Those advanced in years need the gospel of our Savior as much as those of younger years and the young as much as the aged. When we feel unhappy and unsatisfied in our desires we should examine our hearts, to know if our minds are subject to the spirit of God in all things. Mother Lucy felt great anxiety that Believers realize the great privilege which is theirs, to live a life of holiness unto God, and the merciful way in which they rest compared with the people of God, in past ages. She often exhorted us to maintain our faith with integrity for, said she, you are under binding obligations to keep unbroken your covenant with God and with each other. It is your duty to set a godly example before those of less experience in ways of virtue. How do we expect to reach Heaven, or to gain our salvation? There is so much to take up the mind and lead it astray, that it seems almost impossible to find God on the earth. We plunge into the business of life, and our whole being becomes so engrossed in temporal things and the cares of this world that we can hardly find time to think of our souls. The time however will come, when we must give an account of our stewardship. May we all so improve our day that we may do it with joy and not with grief. Mother Lucy exhorted us to a greater degree of thankfulness. We certainly have great cause to be thankful above all creatures, and are accountable to God for these blessings we enjoy. If we are unthankful for our daily 114 THE MANIFESTO. and abundant blessings, we are not followers of Christ. The spiritual and temporal blessings which we enjoy are the gifts of Heaven to us, we can not call one of them our own and we are not certain of them from day to day. Those things which the earth brings forth are of the earth, and will yet return to its own. We can not make one plant grow though we sow with great care ; it is God who giveth the increase. It is our duty to humble ourselves in the sight of God, that our judgment may be taken away. Let the soul seek God's mercy in humiliation before it is too late, and while we may be heard; if we are not humble and cry to God in our need, we may yet cry and not be heard. If we trust to our great privilege and experience, we trust in something which will fail us. Remember a haughty spirit goeth before a fall. I hope we shall not be unthankful in the midst of plenty, with a fullness of spiritual and temporal blessings on every hand. Many precious promises are given to the faithful. Some, being darkened, think that the gospel is not sufficient to save them. The gospel is not at faul', it is sufficient to save every soul that will obey it. If we obtain the precious blessings that are promised to the willing and obedient, we must gain them. We make our heaven. All who are true will realize the blessing of God. God forbid that we glory, save in the cross of Christ. We must be what we profess to be, and profess to be what we really are. Do not glory in a profession for it will not save you. We shall appear just what we are when we enter eternity. Mother Lucy seemed to feel great anxiety for the children. She would often speak of the great responsibility their guardians were under to care for their daily welfare, their protection; the example before them, the language used to them; all this should be the burden of those who care for them. She would speak particularly to the children and youth, saying, 'You are young ; your youth is the best and easiest time for you to learn to serve God. I wish you could realize this. I pray for you often for I feel the burden of your salvation, and desire you to live a life of uprightness. Those who are called by the good Spirit in their youth should often return thanks to God that they are thus noticed of their heavenly Father. If you do not want to do wrong, then you will do right, for the master we love, we serve. The gospel requires no more than is just, and you must part with all that is contrary to its requirements. I do believe that every one who can sense it will be thankful that they have found the blessing of God that will separate them from all evil and make them acceptable before God. Love begets love. I have that love for poor, lost souls that I would suffer in their stead, if this were possible. If we love the gospel we shall obey it, and if we truly love God we shall serve Him. (To be continued.)