AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF CHAS. D. HAMPTON OF UNION VILLAGE, O. NO. 6. T^HE Washingtons, Jeffersons, Adams and Hancocks, and all those wor_L thy and honorable men drank deeply from the fountain of this inspiration, and were influenced by the same army of spirits until they were enabled to do the will of God by establishing the first chapter of the rights of man, and liberty of conscience followed as an unavoidable result. These important principles being settled on a firm basis, opened the way for minds of a peculiar bent to pursue the quiet tenor of their way unmolested by the tyranny of government, and had nothing to fear but the ignorance and avarice of their cotemporaries. Every important invention from a pinhead to the magnetic telegraph owes its origin to the kind assistance and patient labors of an invisible spiritual agency, to whose constant care and active exertions all these grand improvements and invaluable additions to human prosperity and happiness are indebted as much as to the human agency used by them in introducing the blessings enumerated to our immediate use. This lower world being but the world of effects, and all causation having its origin in the Spirit world, as a world of causes, those immense improvements and many salutary changes in the moral and civil world are but patterns which are stamped on the minds of men, and then reproduced in material forms as representations of the beauty, perfection and usefulness of the substantial creations of that beautiful and splendid world of which this comparatively dark, mundane sphere is but an obscure shadow. JULY, 106 THE MANIFESTO. To the natural man the Spirit world is a world of shadows, and the natural world, or material world round about him appears to be substantial. The truth is, the spiritual world is alone substantial and the natural world sustains a relation to it somewhat like the shadow of a tree to the tree itself. The tree is material and the shadow a mere imponderable representation. It is known that the natural body is the shadow only of the spiritual man and that his spirit is the real substantial man. The body of itself is dead only as the living substantial spirit animates it, and gives it life and action. This is understood by the fact that when he puts off his mortal body, his spirit lays it away or leaves it as wre put away a worn out garment. Just so the whole Spirit world in relation to the natural, the one is material and perishable, the other substantial and durable, and when the man leaves the body, he leaves nothing but the body. Every spiritual faculty and sense with which his natural only corresponded, are taken with him and serve his purpose in his new and more perfect home. For instance his natural eye is now dim and sightless, the organ through which his spiritual eye conveyed true knowledge to his mind, and the substantial spiritual eye now looks out again in its proper order on a beautiful spirit, and substantial world where again he finds a charming view of mountains, rivers, forests and fields with hill and dale, and all the delight derived from an enlivening, stimulating prospect of which in this world he had seen the outlines in a lively shadow. He finds now that his whole life had been spent in a world of shadows and that he has just reached a world of pleasing realites. His former friends are before him, clothed in the habiliments of spiritual life, the veritable and substantial entities identified,the very essence of the parents he obeyed, the Brethren and Sisters with whom he lived in his childhood and youth and the friends whose company he had enjoyed in his more mature manhood. Such are the views which my mind entertains of a future existence, and such are the views which first drew my attention to the Society of Believers. The spiritualism that is abroad in the world is doing much good. It is destroying the influence of a mercenary and aspiring priesthood, but the mediums often suffer and are often deceived by evil and designing spirits. And of the value of the communications both the mediums and their attendants are equally ignorant for want of experience, not having learned to discriminate between truth and error, between reliable and unreliable statements. (The end.)