NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. June. Thermometer. Bain. 1895. 70.53 5.5 in. 1896. 63.93 4 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 84 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 42 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 7 ' clear ' ' ' 9 ' cloudy' ' ' 14 C. G. Reed. Nortii Family. July, 1896. In reviewing the past month we recall much of interest, and of pleasure. An eminent Russian writer, Nicholas Maxinoff, who has been in this country three years, and given much thought to communism' is greatly interested in the Shaker Church. He has been with us a week, investigating and writing up Shakerism for a periodical in his own country. Friday evening the 26th lie gave the family a reading in his native tongue interpreting as he read. He is much interested in the great Russian reformer Tolstoi. We have also had with us a niece of Sister Ada Brown, Nellie A. Brown, who is a musical composer and fine pianist. One evening was given to a musical entertainment from her with recitations by members of the family. Spiritual pleasure and enjoyment was found with dear Sisters from Enfield, N. H., not only did we have the satisfaction of a social visit, but added to our treasure of good and our souls were lifted through trusting hope and prayer to realms of eternal riches. May such opportunities be many that we may feel the strength that comes through gospel love. 'What a grand thing it is to be loved! What a grander thing still to love.' Sarah J. Burner. Shakers, N. Y. North. Family. June, 1896. We write the day after the Fourth. While contemplating what the true intent and purpose of the day should be which is so universally observed; and realizing how little its true spirit is understood; while not wanting to drop into the habit of a chronic fault finder, yet the lines of class distinction based upon wealth which are being more rigidly drawn, causes us to ask why do we celebrate this day? Where are the benefits that we derive from being free from the rule of an hereditary monarch and placed under bondage to political influences that are antagonistic to the principles that the founders of our Republic strove to incorporate in the social and political life of the country? While we love our country and rejoice to see her lead the world in all that tends to advance the race, yet we can not endorse the sentiment expressed by a certain political paper that, 'whether right or wrong, our country.' June gave us several refreshing show132 TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 133 ers which greatly improved vegetation, especially the meadows; at best the crop of hay will be light in this section. We enjoyed a social call from Sisters of Enfield N. H., also a company of visitors from Canaan, N. Y., who spent the Sabbath with us. Hamilton DeGraw. Enfield, N. H. July, 1896. The prophetic tone of Sister Aurelia's essay in the July No. is quite encouraging. We long for the strong spiritual battery that will compel us to use the mowing machine 'of consistency in all things' to cut away the dead growth of virtueless life which chokes the yield of promising virtue. We hail with gladness the good news from Florida, as given by Elder Louis Basting and hope another year's experience may give even greater prosperity in temporal affairs, and a blessed harvesting of souls who regard life acts of consecration to the principles of Shakerism of more importance than mere talking of faith's ideals. On the evening before the 'glorious fourth,' the younger members of our home gave an excellent entertainment commemorative of our Nation's freedom from English rule. The chapel was profusely decorated with the national colors, and all things combined to make the occasion perfect in every detail. Especially pleasant was the display of musical talent. The season thus far has been unusually dry, the result of which is a very light hay crop. Early berries quite abundant, but apples and pears will be very scarce with us this season. On July sixth, sowed a second crop of peas. Gospel kindred, it is a very good time to visit Enfield. Why not come? George H. Baxter.