THE CHRIST IDEAL IN SHAKERISM, No. 3. By Paul Tyner. IN obedience to a spiritual leading, Mother Ann came to America in 1774 with her husband and seven followers. Her husband, however, shortly after their arrival in New York, went away with another woman more amenable to marital authority, and Mother Ann came more fully into the persona' freedom her work required. The subsequent rise of the Shaker Church in this country through perils and privations, trials and persecutions; its awakening of thousands of souls to the power and beauty of Truth; its establishment and maintenance, for a century and more, of nearly a score of communities in which their Christ Ideal is made concrete and reduced to practice in daily life and work with ever increasing light; its honorable roll of spiritual-minded, earnest, enlightened and progressive leadersall these make a very interesting story, but one which there is not time to tell in detail here. Suffice it to say that, after ten years of unremitting work in America, Ann Lee passed out of the flesh, feeling that at last her work was done ; that the banner of chastity had been securely planted on the spiritual Zion, and that the work of preserving, continuing and extending the principles of Shakerism would pass into the hands of worthy successors. She had laid a broad and sure foundation in the inculcation by precept and example of the power and happiness of pure living. On her death, the headship of the society passed from a matriarchate into a duarchy, maternal and paternalJoseph Meacham and Lucy 'Wright, becoming, as 'Father Joseph' and 'Mother Lucy,' joint leaders under whom the believers in Christ's second coming through Ann Lee were organized and established on a communal basis. In these communities, all things were held in common and each labored for the common interest. Here, for the first time in human history, women enjoyed equal rights with THE MANIFESTO. 125 men, sharing the duties and privileges, responsibility and government. In fact, a marked feature of the Shaker order and system is the high and honorable place accorded the feminine principle. God is worshipped as Mother as well as Father, and, from the central ministry at Mount Lebanon down to the smallest family, the authority and leadership is equally balanced between sisters and brothers, who act together with the harmonious co-operation of equals. The essence of Shakerism's object and ideal may perhaps be well summed up in these words taken from a brief address made by me at the funeral of my beloved and revered father in the Gospel, Elder Frederick W. Evans : He gave his life unreservedly and absolutely to an idea which Shakerism embodies in its grand and rugged simplicity, the divine idea of mankind's redemption through the purification of the relations between men and women. Seeing the sin of the age, the root of all the evils that afflict humanity in our modern social system to be unchastity, he accepted with all his heart the revelation of the Spirit of Christthe Spirit of Truththrough Ann Lee, that the salvation of the race must be worked out by its purification from sensualism and a return to chastity; by the utter abandonment of all fleshly lusts that war against the spirit, shackling it to earthly illusions and blinding it to the sublime realities of life. It should be kept in mind that acceptance of Ann Lee's revelation implies belief in continuous and progressive revelation, and so in perpetual advance. It would be a grave mistake to suppose that the Shakers regard the measure of Truth revealed through Ann Lee or through any of her successors, as final and irrevocable. On the contrary, it is recognized that the Christ Spirit, lives in every one of us. It awaits only clear recognition to spring into cpnscious manifestation and is exercised in some measure by every believer who preserves a pure soul in a pure body, and faithfully follows Mother Ann's favorite injunction: 'Give your hands to work and your hearts to God.' To quote from the preface to Ann Lee's 'Biography' signed by Elders Frederick Evans, Giles B. A very and Calvin Green'The records of past dispensations are interpreted aright only by means of a present living revelation ; we therefore hold ourselves untrammelled by the letter of yesterday, expressing our views and living in accordance with the increasing light of to-day.' And what results has Shakerism to show for its hundred years of effort to reduce the Christ Ideal to actual practiceto embody in every day life that measure of the Spirit of Truth which their light has allowed them to receive and apply ? What is the object lesson which their present condition offers to the world? Briefly, a social and religious organization in which men and women live and labor in peace; to whom lust, envy, avarice, greed, strife, anger, theft, murder, falsehood, cruelty, sloth, jealousy, uncleanness of mind or body, intemperance, gluttony, pride, waste and want, or fear of want are all un- 126 THE MANIFESTO. known. In their seventeen communal villages, scattered throughout eight different states, but all under one central governmenta veritable impereum in imperioyou will find no prisoners or paupers, no prostitutes or prostitutors, no millionaires or tramps, no hunger, no rags, no corrupt officials, no wage-slaves, no soldiers or police, no masters or mistresses, no lawyers or parsons, no stock exchanges and no gambling hells, no menials, no smoke, no grime, no dirt. To be sure, these are negative advantages. But it is a striking commentary on our civilization that the abolition of only two of these evils from the modern life of the world in city and country, is just now engaging the attention of the world's greatest reformers and is the object of national and international movements, in which thousands of earnest and enlightened women and men are enlisted. But it would not be fair to consider Shakerism as simply negative in its results. The very negations noted imply conquests of vital importance only possible through the exercise of qualities of a decidedly positive character: absolute and unvarying truthfulness, sterling and incorruptible honesty, industry, thrift, frugality, temperance, brotherly love, justice, self-control, kindliness, forbearance, sympathy, most of the qualities that go to make up true manliness and true womanliness. In my nine months in Shakerdom, I learned to know and to love more men and women of noble and beautiful character than one often meets in a whole life-time in the average town. There are some things lacking in Shakerism which are highly valued by the world and considered essential to the higher life by those men and women in the world whose pure hearts, high thought, deep and wide sympathies, retined tastes, delicate sensibilities, noble achievements, and lofty aspirations make them the fine flower of humanity, the hope of the race. Shakerism is devoid of Art in any form, of architecture, music, painting or sculpture; it is without Literature in any real sense, without the Drama, without Science, and without Learning, and it is without these things because it is without that which has given all these to the world, that which, mocked and blasphemed, as it has been so long, is counted by the deepest thinkers as the source from which all higher human development and human conquests have sprung, the force that enwraps and directs evolution, the force which gave us all of Truth, and Beauty, and Sweetness, and Light, all of Life itself. I refer, of course, to the force of sexual attraction in its highest and purest development in the love and union of man and woman. The Shakers have heldstill hold in large degreethat the peace, plenty and purity of their common life would be impossible at any less cost than the absolute cutting off of all these things which in any way pertain to what they call 'the carnal, generative life.' So far, I am afraid, it must be admitted that no other community in Christendom has proved them to be wrong by successfully combining purity of social life and sexual love. THE MANIFESTO. 127 And yet the fuller solution of our social problems which the future holds, mast assuredly rest in such a combination as the Shakers say is impossible, and of which non-Shakers have yet to furnish a successful instance, in a society exhibiting all the strength and beauty and truth flowing from love in its purest expression, and none of the evils flowing from love that is defiled and impure. He would be a pessimist indeed who insisted on a continuation of present evils as a necessary condition of present and future good. We have learned that there may be a State without a despot, a City without a Tammany, Courts without bribery, a Church without a priestcraft. So, in the coming time, we shall have a Society builrled on Love without Lust. Let me quote a hopeful verse from the poems of Charlotte Perkins Stetson, a singer of the new day: 'Why not look forward far as Plato looked, And see the beauty of our coming life As he saw that which might be our's to-day? If his soul, then, could rise so far beyond The brutal average of that old time, When icy peaks of art stood sheer and high In fat black valleys where the helot toiled If hefrom thatcould see so far ahead, Could forecast days when Love and Justice both Should watch the cradle of a healthy child And Wisdom walk with Beauty and Pure Joy In all the common ways of daily life Then may not we from great heights hardly won, Bright hills of Liberty, broad plains of Peace, And flower-sweet valleys of warm human love Still broken by the chasms of despair, Where Poverty and Ignorance and Sin Pollute the air of allwhy not from this, Look on, as Plato looked, and see the day When his Kepublic and our Heaven, joined, Shall make life what God meant it? Aye, we do!' Shakerism, as has already been said, being based on continuous revelation is in its very nature progressive. [Note.A few lines near the close of this article have been omitted as they were peculiarly local and had reference only to the domestic relations of one family. We appreciate the kindly and considerate spirit in which the article has been written, and republish it for a more extended circulation among those who are interested to be properly informed. H. C. Blinn.]