Notes Referring to the Early History of the Shakers in the United States. No. 2. WE put our trust in God and gave our souls to prayer, and in the morning we found the river covered with cakes of ice and seemingly iso secure as to form a bridge. At first we saw great danger in crossing so deep and rapid a stream on broken ice where we could see the water thrown up between them. We prayed earnestly to be protected. I ventured on the ice and jumped from cake to cake and Nathan followed, leading the horse. 'We reached the shore in safety and then returned thanks to God for protection and care. Notes by Sarah Kendall. I was with Mother Ann a great deal of the time, during the last two years of her life, and in everything she was a perfect pattern of godliness, in the 'manifestation of a Christ-like spirit. I stand as a witness of the work of G-od and of his power through Mother Ann and the Elders for the salvation of souls. To deny this power is to deny Christ, and his witnesses. Mother Ann made the remark, that it would take some persons full twenty years to travel up to the order of nature, after they had been called into the gospel work. It would cause them great tribulation to reach the state where some were when they embraced the work of generation. Reported by Abagail Cooper. At the time that Mother and the Elders visited Harvard, and came to the AUGUST, 122 THE MANIFESTO. Square House, they conversed with me upon religious matters and were anxious to know if my religious life made me happy and saved me from the sins of the world. They said that the testimony of Jesus the Christ would bring happiness to the soul. Abigail said, 'I have seen a great deal of false religion and do not want to see any more. If you have a new religion you may as well keop it to yourself, as I do not want it, and do not care to extend our acquaintance.' After a short visit with the family the Elders asked me if I did not love them. I said, 'I do not particularly love your order of religion.' Father William Lee then remarked, 'We will make you to love us before we leave the place.' As they were leaving the house Father William handed me a very nice apple. Although I did not want it, I accepted the gift and placed it on the mantle-piece. Mother Ann and the Elders had been from the house but a very short time before I felt a deep love springing up, and an anxious desire to see them again. I began to love them intensely, and as I could not see the dt-ar friends I loved the apple for their sake, and would occasionally go and see it. I knew they were a good Christian people because I felt such a love for them. I began to wish they would return, and so expressed to others. On their return journey Mother and the Elders again called and 1 was exceedingly thankful to have them enter the house and considered it a great privilege to do some little kindness for them. Sketches by Jemima Blanchard. Daniel Wood was the first person of whom I obtained any knowledge respecting the Believers. He called at my father's house, one evening while I was there on a visit, my home being at the house of Isaac Willard. Daniel informed us that the Shakers taught the confession of sin and were blessed with divine gifts. As the family were out on a visit to a neighbor, my brother Joseph and myself were left to keep house. I listened to the conversation for some time, but it made such an impression upon my mind that I left the house. In conversing upon the subject with my brother, he said he would take me to seethe Shakers, sometime ; but I had no special wish to make the visit. The testimony of these people seemed to be similar to that of Jesus and his disciples, found in the New Testament. I knew they were Christians and Joseph was impressed with the same thought. Daniel then remarked,'Perhaps they may call here and see the family.' Several months after this my brother informed me that the Shakers were coming but that he was going on a voyage to sea. He went never to return. I now found work in a family by the name of Cutler. The man was a THE MANIFESTO. 123 minister and quite wealthy. My friends were interested in my present engagement, as they saw that I was becoming familiar with the Shakers. Daniel Wood also called upon the minister, but I was visiting at the house of a neigh bor, and word was sent to me to remain where I was till the close of another day. As I was not anxious to see Daniel, I remained willingly. When I returned home I urged Br. Cutler to go and see the Shakers. In this his wife joined me, and he concluded to make the visit. He received a favorab le impression. Father William Lee said that God was at work with him and that if he received the gift of conviction he must return and tell them about it. Soon after this while on his way from Harvard to the home of Zacheus Stevens, he received a gift of deep conviction and dismounting from his horse kneeled in prayer. At once the words of Father William were in his mind, but he neglected his privilege and never returned to make the report. I next made a visit to Zacheus Stevens, where I saw some .of the Believers. I knew Father Eleazer Rand. He appeared solemn but heavenly, and I enjoyed my visit very much. We took supper with the family. When they kneeled, I looked at them with wonder, at such a manifestation of goodness. That night I staid at my father's house and in the morning, without company, went on to the Square House. We passed the residence of Jeremiah Willard, where I was well acquainted. Little Oliver was at play near the front door. He ran to me and drew me toward the house. Several Believers had met there, and all spoke kindly to me, : but they all seemed so solemn and strange, that I soon left and went on to the residence of Isaac Willard. As they had accepted the new faith they appeared just as the others did, but said they were glad I had come and asked me if I should attend the meeting. I now thought I would go and see for myself what it was that made such a great change in all my acquaintances. At the Square House I met two young women whom I well knew. They wTere sisters,Deliverance and Beulah Cooper. They invited me into the kitchen where they were at work and I enjoyed a very pleasant conversation. Mother Ann also called at the same place, and her countenance was so heavenly that it absorbed my whole soul, and I scarcely heard what my companions were saying. Mother soon came and taking me by the arm, said, 'Wilt thou be a daughter of Zion, and be searched as Jerusalem with candles?' I made no reply to the question as I did not know what to say. Her word seemed like the voice of G-od. I then accompanied her to the meeting, where many of the Believers were assembled. At the hour for dinner the Sisters informed me that it was their custom to kneel before eating, and asked me to conform. I excused myself by saying that I did not wish any dinner. My father saw the point of embarrassment 124 THE MANIFESTO. and urged me to attend, but I felt that I could not as quite a company of worldlings were looking on and their countenances were expressive of scorn and contempt. Mother Ann took me by the hand, saying,'It is becoming in all people to render thanks to God;' and as Mother kneeled I kneeled with her. I did not intend to remain at the house over night but the sisters urged me to do so, and at last I consented. In the morning I arranged for an early departure, and had promised to take breakfast with my own parents. I hastily bid adieu to the two sisters in the kitchen, and asked them to say, good bye, to Mother Ann for me. (To be continued.)