THE CHURCH OF CHRIST. IN speaking of the Church of Christ we may not have much to do with the old Testament, as the system of religious life, at that date, had but little in common with the teachings of Jesus. Paul, while referring to the Mosaic Law, says, 'The law was our school-master to bring us to Christ.' It was the discipline of the law, that brought men to a moral standard, and prepared them to accept a more advanced order of religious obligations. On the journey of this life, every person should have a standard by which to prove the course he is taking, in order to determine whether he is right or wrong. Men do as much as this in buying and selling. They have a standard of weights and measures that the buyer and seller may deal justly with each other. Following this comes the standard of righteousness for the church of Christ. Paul in speaking of this anticipated new order, says, Christ would have it a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle, holy and without blemish. After studying this definition we well may begin another pilgrimage and make diligent search for the wonderful treasure. Jesus, during his ministry published the word of God as it was delivered to him and in this evangelizing work appointed a class of men to assist him. Three years only were allowed the Teacher in which to establish a system of righteousness that would ultimately revolutionize the whole world. His life was a heavenly, new light that could never be hid. We also have the history of the Pentecostal service and the more permanent establishing of an unselfish Christian church. It was the outgrowth of a life under the ministration of Jesus. The mission of peace on earth and good-will to men. It gave to man a more exalted thought in reference to the fatherhood of God, and of a religion that introduced a* universal brotherhood. Its influence was a light from God that could never be wholly lost. We have also the account of Peter's visit to Cornelius, which establishes the origin of a Gentile Christian church which is partially at variance with the order of the church that Jesus had so clearly established. From this date there were two classes of Christians. One taught the virgin life of Jesus, and a separation from the generative order of the world. Deny thyself, said the Apostle, of all ungodliness and every worldly lust. Through Peter and Paul a sad and serious change took place in the THE MANIFESTO. 129 order of the church. Of course they were Christians, but in becoming all things to all men they presented a form of saving grace that was not known in the first Christian church. Jesus had said,'Go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven, and come follow me.' Matt, xix., 21. Paul said, 'But if any man provide not for his own, and especially for those of his own house, he hath denied the faith.' 1 Tim. v., 8. This was in direct opposition to what Jesus had taught, and was the careful fostering of a selfish relation. Jesus said,'Ye who have followed me in the regeneration and have forsaken houses or brethren or sisters, or father, or mother, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundred fold, and shall inherit everlasting life.' Matt, xix., 29. Paul permitted the generative life of the world and the selfish relations connected with it, and promised his church a salvation in their selfishness. 1 Tim. ii., 15,iii., 2. Paul was a fearless and indomitable worker for what he thought was right, but his Christianity was about as near to that of Jeus as a moderate drinker would be to a strict temperance man. Years past on and the influence of Paul and Peter became the leading feature of the Christian church and Pagan Rome was fast becoming Christian Rome. The testimony of Jesus had become silenced, and the amalgamation of Christianity and Paganism had become perfect. A happy thought now touched the mind of an ambitious general. He said he had seen a vision and heard Jesus say, 'Conquer by the cross.' This cross was displayed on a banner in the heavens and had the desired effect, and from this date the Christians and pseudo Christians were enlisted in the army of the Roman emperor. This trap to catch the Christians was a sharp practice of the emperor, as he believed they would make the best soldiers, and in this he was not mistaken. Constantine now became a Christian. History enumerates his deeds of cruelty, too vile to be repeated in this place, and yet he was crowned the first Christian emperor. What a change had been wrought in the church of Christ, since that time when Jesus preached the sermon on the mount. Christian soldiers have occupied a place in the army, from that day, and the savagery of war has received the benediction of the ministers of the Christian church. More than this, holy wars have been waged, and the church has felt it her duty to exterminate all who differed from her in points of faith, as infidels and heretics. 130 THE MANIFESTO. These Christian fighters, Christian Inquisitors and Christian amalgamators of flesh and spirit were forcing their faith to be accepted as the saving word of God. The church now walked by the side of the world and they have had a most wonderful career. It has been the dividing of houses against themselves. In our modern history we have Calvin and Luther as muscular Christians : who were the representative men of their times, and without doubt did a great deal of good among men as did the English among the Zulus. Calvin dreaded the inquisition of the Catholic church but so soon as he found the opportunity he set up an inquisit 3rial office of his own, and his name has come down to us as a hard-hearted persecutor. Luther has the same name. He may have been a better man than Calvin, but he was a savage disciple of the cross of Christ. Persecuted himself on account of his religious opinions, he in turn persecuted others because they chose to differ from him. This would lead us to ask if the Christian church and the Church of Christ a^e one and the same thing. What of the defender of the faith ? The most high and mighty King, Henry the eighth. We need look back only a few years and find that the Christian church was guarded by a class of characters who might be called savages of the first order, if placed by the side of our North American Indians. One of our own writers, while speaking of the blessings of peace, says, 'What millions from sequestered valleys and desolate mountains, from lonely cottages and silent groves, from torture rooms and racks and devouring flames have looked and wept and prayed toward this day of liberty and peace.' Paul who was not a stranger to religious persecutions, enumerates his own sufferings at the hands of bigoted religionists, and then states the sufferings of those who would do good. They were stoned; they were sawn asunder : they wandered about destitute, afflicted and tormented. Heb. xi. Less than three hundred years ago, a class of people landed on Plymouth rock. They were a God-fearing, praying people, filled with church ceremonies and psalm singing, and ready to defend their faith, even to the sacrifice of life. Persecuted in England, they fled to America. How we might have anticipated a softened, chastened spirit filled with love and meekness. Great hearts filled with charity for others who were equally as well as themselves serving God. Not so ! These sons of the church so soon as they recovered themselves, began to afflict others, and these persecuting Christians could im- THE MANIFESTO. 131 prison and brutally scourge a man for not saying his prayers as they directed him. We wonder how such things could take place among a civilized people. Will this harmonize with the standard in Eph. v. 'without blemish, without spot or wrinkle.' Jesus has said, by this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one for another. It is not the mountain in Samaria nor the one in Jerusalem that will afford any special advantage to those who wish to be pure in heart. Jesus silenced all the disputers of names and places, and those who demanded a recognition of outward forms and ceremonies, when he said to them, 'God is spirit, and they that worship Him must worship in spirit and in truth.' H. C. Blinn.