[Extracts from letters written to outside friends from a young Believer sister.] Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. April, 1896. Dear Friend;I have been in Mount Lebanon now nearly eight months, a sufficient length of time to have learned something of the place and people. Being a lawyer you will like to know my verdict. To me, and to all who know the Shakers, they are living lives actuated by the highest motives and the broadest principles of righteousness and truth. Narrow? bigoted? of this I have seen nothing. Hateful in all its forms is evil to them, but never more so than when manifested in any way that savors of impurity in thought, in word, or in deed. Cleanliness in body and mind is their creed, still tltey are not ascetics, wrapping themselves in uncomfortable sackcloth and living in gloomy sunless cells, looking upon a jest as the rankest profanity, and hugging to their dreary hearts the thorns of life so closely as to crush out forever all the beauty, color and fragrance of the roses. They believe in comfort as well as in kindliness, and to this their well warmed and well kept homes testify, not luxurious exactly, but aglow with the splendor of cleanliness, are these Shaker homes. Do not imagine the Brethren and Sisters to be lacking in knowledge of human nature. I know of few better schools for becoming proficient in just this knowledge. As for liberality of thinking and of allowance for the thinking of others, no church in the land approaches them. But I hope to see you the coming summer and then I will finish this letter and answer the many questions which I know you will ask. From a letter of later date : I am quite at home here now, and think I shall feel more and not less so, as the years go by. You will understand by this that I intend to stay here. Why not? Now that my sister has passed from my earthly sight I shall be happier and more contented here than I can possibly be else- 134 THE MA NIFES TO. where. And then I am needed here, just as I need to be here. I am following my old occupation of teaching, and can see stretching before me years of usefulness and beyond those years, dear friend, a home of peace which my life here will help to prepare for me. Why should I have any desire to mingle again in the stir and fret and rivalry of life outside? After it is over what then? At a still later date: jNTo one can understand better than yourself how the days, weeks and months glide away, and not the less swiftly in this quiet Community, indeed it is the calm, tranquil, uneventful days that are the most rapid in flight, as we all know. Mount Lebanon seems to me now like a dear home, so much so that though I expect to visit my old friends of Long Island and vicinity in a few weeks, it is but to settle affairs acd make explanations preparatory to a final return. I must give you a little information concerning this Community, for I can not see you face to face as I soon shall many of my outside friends. This Society, established more than a century ago by an English woman of high aspirations, and an exceptionally strong and determined willMother Ann Lee is for the purpose of beginning on earth a preparatory school for the other life. The Shakers do not believe any more than does yourself, that the transition from this to the other life changes one's nature or one's identity, neither do they believe that any soul is destined to perish, but should we go across the 'Border' blinded and warped by years of wrong thinking and wrong doing, the discipline must be severe and the time long and wearisome to bring us up to a height we might have attained in our earth life. To reach this attainable height is the aim of the people of this Community, and in order to accomplish this, purity, integrity, unselfishness, and above all, love and humility that 'Low sweet root From which all heavenly virtues shoot,' must be carefully cultivated. You ask, what are the necessary requirements to become a member of the Shaker Church? An earnest desire to live the exalted life I have described, first, and a faith, to live such a life, second. This is no reformatory for the vicious, no prison for the criminal, and no hospital for the chronic invalid; neither is it a monastery where in order to be happy hereafter, we must be as miserable as possible here. This is a busy and a cheerful family with every comfort of shelter, bed and board. Those who join the Community are expected naturally to give their all to the spiritual life, and share in the benefits to be derived from community of goods. Of greatest value to them is earnestness of purpose, a capacity of comprehension as to all such a life implies, and a sense capable of appreciating its privileges. You, my dear friend, know something of my independence and the entire freedom of my past life. When I say that not once since coming here have I felt shackled or restrained, you will judge that there must be a decided lack of the unjust tyranny which characterizes many monastic institutions which this is not. Spring has burst upon us at last, and the hills, beautiful at all times, have taken on new charms. The pollard willows bordering the ponds are nests of softest greenery, goldened all over with the sheen of the nestling pussies. The birds are reveling in song, in spite of the saucy little clien, the English Sparrow which has driven so many of his betters away, and the brooks, the sweet laughter of these grave old hills, are joining their rollicking music, to that of the birds, the awakening insects and the low murmurous stir of resurrected life on land, in air and sea. I can imagine your keen enjoyment of this same awakened life in your far away prarie home. May the storm that demolishes, the insects that devour, the illness that crushes hope, all be kept far from my brave cousin. On the bureau stands a glass filled with fragrant pussy willows. One of the little THE MANIFE81 0. 136 boys brought them to me. There are five boys here under the care of Brother Ezra, who is also their teacher. I call them the 'tribe of Ezra.' We also have six little girls, whose caretakers are two of the young Sisters. The care and love lavished upon these children! They seem very happy and they should be so. Should you know of any children of good parentage, who are left, as they sometimes are, with no one upon whom they can depend, or who can have any claim upon them, what a blessed home this would be for them, where they would be educated in all directions, and surrounded by love and tenderness, and protected from the sins of the world! Of course they do not want any children inheriting evil tendencies, for this is no reformatory no more than it is a prison. They tell me that my dear sister has led me to Mount Lebanon, and I sometimes think it true. She has led me to a beautiful place and to a lovely self-sacrificing people. I am with them in loving all that is lovely and in hating all that is hateful. On this sweet Sabbath air I send you over the hills to the broad prairie^farm of 'Rest a while' my love and greeting. Grace A. Brown.