INFLUENCE. By Emoretta Belden. A ROUND each person is a subtle atmosphere in which he lives and ./TV moves. It is a part of himselfit is his personality, and whether it be weak or strong it leaves an impression on his associates. This power, when exerted to sway the feelings or conduct of another, is called influence. An influence for good, like the sunshine is cheering, lifegiving, invigorating; while its opposite could better be compared to a poisonous vapor, blasting, deadening to soul-life and growth. It is very subtle in its action working gradually to its culmination. We can hardly estimate what our influence means to another. It is not only felt to-day, to-morrow, or next week, but it reaches forward even to eternity. On every page of history we see the effect of conditions and events of the past. We read of what powerful minds have done in bringing order from chaos at the time when we were without a settled government,we see the degrading effect of slavery upon the people and the country, and later of the influence of the Civil War. All this is felt by us to-day, though we may not be aware of the fact. THE MANIFES TO. 147 Paul said, 'None of us liveth to himself and no man dieth to himself.' He also admonishes us to put no stumbling block in another's way, but rather to 'Bear the infirmities of the weak,' and seta noble example to our brethren who are weak in the faith. 'If meat make my brother to offend, I will eat no flesh while the world standeth.' Doubtless these words have influenced thousands of earnest souls, and will many more. Evidently it becomes the duty of all Christians to resolve,If an unpleasant and wrong act, look, word or manner will cause my friends to fall, I will deny myself of them, 'While the world standeth.' Not only great apostles like Paul; great preachers like Beecher; great generals like Grant, or great men and women in other vocations wield a powerful influence, but every one, has a mighty power for good or evil in the circle in which they associate. There is nothing of so much value as the human soul and it is a very solemn matter that we are accountable for the influence of our example in the sight of all men. 'If any little word of mine May make a life the brighter; If any little song of mine May make a heart the lighter; God help me speak that little word And take my bit of singing, And drop it in lonely vale, And set the echoes ringing.' West Pittsjield, Mass.