Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. July. Thermometer. Bain. 1895. 67.62 4.75 in. 1896. 71.19 3.125 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 90 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 48 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 7 ' clear ' ' ' 13 ' cloudy' ' ' 14 C. G. Meed. Soutn Family. Aug. 1896. ''Bless the Lord, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits.' We have read with interest the pages of the last Manifesto, and pronounce them all good, but find the article by Grace A. Brown especially inspiring. The summer has been made joyous by the presence of a party from Enfield, N. H., who passed one day with us. We were also delighted to. meet our mutual friends and former neighbors, Dr. Hellen I. Woodworth and mother, who spirit a couple of weeks visiting acquaintances in this Community. While this section represents a marked fruit famine, the mountains have generously furnished us with an abundance of the healthful and refreshing blueberries, nearly thirty bushels having been gather-, ed by the family who, early and late, considered the berries of the mountain, how they grow. Peace and quiet reigns throughout our home, with occasionally a ripple of excitement induced by a wrecked bicycler who always finds here the 'good Samaritan.' Brother Wm. Thrasher, the good man of centenarian fame is still an inhabitant of earth. One hundred year's acquaintance with physical life finds him wonderfully attached to terrestrial scenes. We believe with Dr. Talmage 'to those who are fitted for sailing to the Summer land, theirs will be not a landing on a rockbound coast but a pulling of their boat amid cacti and groves of orange.' Such will be the welcome home of our Brother. Genevieve DeGraw. North Family. Aug. 1896. 'Beautiful and lovely are thy courts O Zion.' Glory rests upon thy hills and peace within thy valleys. 'If our home is so beautiful here, what must it be in the world to come?' Our beloved sister Emily Offord, might now give us an answer. On Aug. 2nd p.m. a number of dear friends from Hancock and a large attendance from all the families of Mt. Lebanon met at Canaan where her memorial meeting was held. Rich in tributes of affection and praise, sweet in inspiring song and strong in the living testimony that appreciates the present good while recognizing the need for future increase, more than twb hours were pressed full of heavenly ministrations. Special note was made relative to the superior mentality of the departed.'A student of rare ability whose deepest les- THE MANIFESTO. 149 sons were learned from her own heart.' With courage undaunted and a grasp of principles of which only strong minds are capable, she lived and ministered the faith of the Gospel, worked in its present, and for its future unfoldment. Her soul atmosphere was courage and helpfulness to all around her. None name her but to bless. Some earnest souls prepared by the Spirit are finding with us their only true home. Our worthy Sister G. A. Brown is spreading the light among many interested friends on Long Island. The army worm attacked several fields of fine grain consuming about one third; higher ground escaped. Berries are abundant and early apples bring a good price in market. General health prevails. Catherine Allen.