Tribute of Love to our Sister EMILY OFFORD. By Eldress Anna White. An invisible world of intelligence 'Lies around us like a cJoud, A world we can not see; Yet the sweet closing of an eye May bring us there to be.' Our Sister has entered upon this new stage of existence; she has forded the river that separates time from eternity; she has passed the pearly portals all must pass, and vanished from mortal sight. Having been thoroughly impregnated with the principles of our Order, and living in conformity thereto, she has before this been made a welcome guest by members of the Order, constituting the Church of Christ, or, the Mother Church in the Spirit world. The change commonly called death, is to her a most happy change, a joyous realization of the faith she loved above all other. In early life she took upon her the sa-' cred vow of consecration; a consecration that means the relinquishing of the old life of nature for the new life of the Spirit; the demolishing of the me and mine system, and the adoption of the principles of equality, which entirely dethrone selfishness and give the largest possible scope for the rounding out of a beautifully exalted character; a character of which she was a fit representative. In the atmosphere of her life there was health, peace, happiness. Her brightness of spirit overshadowed the suffering of body. For many years she fought with unrelenting energy against physical disease, which was mainly inherited. Sister Emily believed in the dominance of mind over matter, and through this faith kept the latter at bay to a wonderful extent. The subject of mind controlling matter is one that is now being investigated and accepted by a large class of thinking men and women. Upon those lines we have all had our experiences and can witness to the fact that there is far more truth than fiction in the doctrine. When we allow faith the pre-eminence, our possibilities will be greater. We are yet children in the rudimentals, and it is well for us to keep there, that we may enter fully into the kingdom of heaven state before we aim to ascend to loftier heights or are called there by travail and experience. The least in this kingdom are greater than the wise and learned of this world, because they have a knowledge of the spiritual worldthe world of causationand apply that knowledge to the practical things of this life, thereby creating a heaven below, preparatory to entering a heaven above. OFFORD 152 THE MANIFESTO. No one is without his spiritual experience. I am not without mine. The night after Sister Emily's ascension she 3ame to me. I recognized her at once ind said, 'Emily, I know you are here; you have kept your promise; come to me often.' Again I was aroused by hearing most angelic singing, I thought surely every one in the house must hear it, and said aloud to my room mate, 'Do you hear that heavenly music? it is Emily singing.' She said, she did not. After this we both heard the sound of voices in earnest conversation. One verse of the stanza ran thus; Oh, joyous, joyous happy thought! From pain and death set free, On wingo of love I soar aloft Away, oh earth from thee; Away from thee,still not away, The heavens and earth are blended, When from the night into the day The Spirit hath ascended. Showing that though here on earth we have the power to rise in the resurrection and life of Christ by the maintenance of the pure, gospel testimony of our Mother. In one of her 'many mansions' we find our beloved Sister like a caged bird set free, decorated in garments bright and shimmering, the garments she has woven thread by thread, by kindly thoughts, by loving words and good deeds. There we shall meet her. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.