West Pittsfield, Mass. Aug. 1896. Since last we met for our chat about home, summer's rains and suns have nourished and warmed the seed entrusted to keeping, and we find harvest time approaching with its treasures of mellow fruits and sweet flowers, given for the comfort and enjoyment of man. Not an over supply, we think, will be meted as our portion this ysar, in the line of fruits, but enough for the comfort of our family. Berries have been very abundant. Huckle-berries especially plentiful. For five weeks the hills of ''Old Berkshire' were constantly having the 'Blues.' Troops of laughing children, eager for the pleasure of picking, and older children, equally anxious for the result of such labor, flocked to them daily, returning well loaded with the berries, nearly six hundred quarts gathered. Black-berries are likewise plentiful. THE MANIFESTO. 151 On the evening of the 6th inst. we were visited by a terrific thunder shower. The thunder and lightning were both violent and continuous and the rain beat upon the dry earth with fury. It lasted for about three hours. Many fires occurred around us, there being seven within a radius of four miles, most of them were the burning of barns, loaded with newly gathered hay. We, escaped without the least harm, even the oats, then enduring the threshing process, were all safely under shelter, owing to the wise forethought of Brother Ira, who apprehended the threatened storm. Our friends at the Canaan family, whose joys and sorrows we always share, invited us to attend the farewell meeting of Sister Emily Offord. At such seasons how closely we approach the pearly gates, catch a glimpse of the glory within, the reward awaiting every faithful worker here below. Our flowers are in blossom delighting the eyes of every beholder. Their beautiful tints and sweet fragrance, cause them to be loved by all. Arranged in handsome bouquets, they find their way around the house, like messengers of love, telling of an All-wise Power constantly caring for, not only the needs, but the pleasures of his children. Fidelia Estabrook.