Notes Referring to the Early History of the Shakers in the United States. No. 3. I WAS now hurrying on my way home and felt measurably released, as I thought I never could become like the Sisters. Distinctly I heard Mother's footsteps and then her voice. She was looking for me, and said, 'AVhere is that young woman ?' The Sisters in the kitchen replied,She has just passed out. 'Call her back,' said Mother, 'that she may bid me good-bye.' I stopped involuntarily and turned around, and saw Mother at the door. The Sisters then told me what Mother had said, and I went back to excuse myself as I could not bear to be other than polite to so beautiful a woman. I told Mother I could not stay, although I liked them all very much. I knew I could not be like them and I could not remain as I knew my people were waiting for me to take breakfast, at my father's house. '0,' said Mother, 'then you thought you would not come again.' As these were my thoughts I hardly knew what to say, but excused myself as best I could for the present. Not long after this I found myself in the house with Mother Ann, where we enjoyed a very pleasant conversation. While busily engaged Mother asked me, 'Do you not want the people of God to pray for you?' I replied that I did, and in an instant her arms were around me, and we were both on our knees. After this I thought no more of going home. Four weeks passed away and found me most of the time engaged in attending the meetings. The Sisters who worked in the kitchen were busily employed. A great SEPTEMBER, 9. 138 THE MANIFESTO. many persons who came to the meetings were provided with dinner, and it was not uncommon to have as many as two hundred. When such large numbers were in the house, some feared that the timbers were not strong enough to bear the strain. At one time Mother Ann called the children under fourteen years of age and sent them to their homes, accompanied by some responsible person. She then asked the young Sisters to accompany her into the door-yard, and soon half the assembly went with Mother. At times there would be an intermission of thirty minutes, when some would return to their homes, and others would come to attend the meetings. After several weeks it was thought best for me to return home, which I did, but was at the meetings nearly every evening. If it was stormy, or if I was weary, Mother would have me remain in the Square House till morning. Mother often kneeled and prayed to God for me, and then I felt a perfect freedom to talk with her. The second time Mother went to Petersham I went with her. Mother wore a small cotton neckerchief and Mother Hannah Kendall offered her a nice silk one, but Mother Ann said, 'Nay, I do not think it is best for me to wear it. The young folks may wear the silk and if I need another I will have a cotton one.' Mother rode in a carriage, as did several others, who accompanied her from Harvard and Shirley, I rode on horseback. While we were assembled in meeting, some rough characters came to the house and discharged their pistols at the windows. These were evidently the same characters who came the day previous and so cruelly beat Aaron Wood, that they feared he would die. The mob became frightened through fear that they had mortally injured Brother Aaron and suddenly dispersed. Brother Aaron, however, recovered from the abuse. While at this place my sleeping room was adjoining that of Mother Ann. One night after all had passed into deep sleep, I heard Mother sorrowing to God, with such fervent cries, that I felt very sad and could not sleep. As Mother wept I heard her say, 'O God, I am but a poor woman, help thou me to fulfill my mission.' We remained at Petersham over three Sabbaths. Previous to leaving Harvard for Niskeyuna, Mother Ann arranged for a company to visit the Believers at the last named place. The next winter three Brethren and three Sisters, myself one of the party, left home in an open wagon, on a very cold day. In the afternoon as we suffered so much with the cold, we called at a public house to be made more comfortable by the fire. The Brethren had decided to go six miles farther, but the landlord thought if we cared for our lives we should remain in the house. We however, went on and were protected. On the last part of our journey we rode all night. We called at one house THE MANIFESTO. lSd in the evening but they could not entertain us on account of a sick child and there was no other way but to drive on. Early in the morning we reached Watervliet and were met by Mother Ann and Father Calvin Harlow. Mother said, 'These are the very people that I have borne on my heart and soul all night.' We were all made welcome, and soon after we entered the house were comfortably provided with nice places to rest. Our dear friends thought it a miracle that we were not frozen. After a rest of two hours wo were called to breakfast and ate thankfully the food that was provided. Soon after this we went into the meeting, which, with several intermissions continued till two o'clock the next morning. As we took our breakfast on the second day, Mother Ann and the Elders walked around the table and waited upon us. Mother said, 'These Brethren and Sisters were very kind to us while we were at Harvard. They always made us welcome to anything they had in the house.' As there were large companies constantly calling, some of us offered to assist the Sisters in the kitchen prepare the food while we were there. {To be continued.)