Contributed in answer to the question,' When to speak, and when to keep silent?' By Isabella Russell. There are moments, wh ui silence is golden, There are times, when the thought unexpressed, Is productive of blessings unlooked for And we see and acknowledge 'twas best, Considering the time and occasion, Our judgment to wisely suspend, For we do not, we can not see clearly, Our way, from beginning to end. And we know there's a power overruling, A wisdom, we can not control, Safely leading us onward, and upward, To the unexplored realms of the soul. Then why should we pause, on life's journey, Or repine at the trials we meet When perchance it may be, that without them Our heaven, would have been incomplete? There are moments, when words fitly spoken Are worth more, than silver, or gold; There are great and momentous occasions, When the unvarnished truth must be told ; There are errors and evils to conquer, By the use of the tongue and the pen; There are times that demand earnest action On the part of brave women and men. No sluggards, nor cowards are wanted To stand in the van of the fight, 'Tis firmness, and courage, and daring, That win in the battle for right. Already these times are upon us, There are dangers on every side, Requiring our utmost endeavor, To lessen the incoming tide Of sensual and selfish indulgence Enslaving both body and mind, The source, and the root of all evil, The bane and the curse of mankind. U2 THE MANIFESTO. All honor and praise to the workers Engaged in the glorious strife, Fulfilling the law of the Master, Resurrecting from death nnto life. These are the seers and the prophets Foretelling the time yet to be, When knowledge shall fill the whole earth, As the waters now cover the sea 1 The desert so lonely and barren, With beauty and grandeur shall teem; God's world in His Infinite Goodness From sorrow and sin will redeem. Already the harvest is ripening, And 'tis time for the reapers to go, In the power, and the strength, and the wisdom Which only God's love can bestow. But those who would benefit others, Must stand on the rock that is sure; From the fountain corrupt and unholy Proceed not, sweet waters and pure. The freedom obtained by our Savior At the cost of his own selfish life, Is ours, if we're willing to suffer, And endure to the end of the strife. Sweet purity now, and forever, Our time-honored motto should be, Till we reach the fair portals of heaven, And stand in the ranks of the free. Enfield, N. H.