THOUGHTS ON CHARACTER. By Andrew D. Barrett. IT is said 'Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaketh.' As the spring-time is the season for sowing seed for material aid, so is youth the spring-time for sowing the seeds of a virtuous life that will form those principles that mark the perfect man or woman, In order to form these principles there is something higher than the mere gaining of earthly fame or power to be considered. There are victories over self to be won; treasures of immortal inheritance to be gained, which will brighten and adorn the spirit. If this happy con- THE MANIFESTO. 143 dition can be attained by self abnegation, it will be well worth the labor. How true it is that humanity needs to pass through a spiritualizing process, needs to cultivate a devotional spirit which will lift the soul above the narrow confines of the exclusive circle of me and mine, into a condition of harmony and purity, where they may claim a relationship to the angels. Habits that are formed in early life, generally make a lasting impression. Much of our education is taken from books and it is very necessary that we select the right ones. Books and papers help to determine the mental tastes, and to form the character. Then how important it is that the mind be directed aright. The perusal of stories that are filled with scenes of strife or with reports of wrong doing on the part of their heroes is not calculated to awaken very deep thought concerning the duties of life* 'Faith without works is dead.' It had better be 'Hands to work and heart toward God,' agreeably to the teaching of Mother Ann Lee. It is evident that 'Without the vision the people perish.' And without a spiritual ministration the people will sink into infidelity. 'As the twig is bent so is the tree inclined.' So with habits formed in early life. If formed aright they will lead in the path of virtue, and will point upward to the goal of perfection. A bad resolution is better broken than kep ; but it is still better not to make a bad resolution. My dear young friends, to you belongs the successorship of this great inheritance. You must study well the duties of life, make yourself an interested worker in the social, moral and religious interests that are around you ; have your principles thoroughly based on truth if you become an heir of this eternal kingdom. Narcoosee, Fla.