THOUGHTS. By Abraham Perkins. IS there any Scriptural authority for communistic life and community of interest ? This is an important question to which every member of our religious faith ought to be able to give an intelligent answer, and a reason for such faith and the hope that is in them. In the early days, which we believe to be the opening of the dispensation of Christ in his second appearing, there were in many places and among many people great religious revivals and a wonderful outpouring of the spirit of God. Among those greatly gifted and spiritually baptized, was Joseph Meacham, an Elder of the Baptist church of New Lebanon, N. Y. He was a man of extraordinary talents and extraordinary light and conviction of Christian duty. Hearing of a marvelous spiritual work among a strange people denominated Shakers, at Watervliet, N. Y., he visited them for the purpose of learning their character, and of weighing and comparing the degree of the light of God they had received, with that found in his own soul. Mother Ann directed Elder James Whittaker to open the testimony of Christ to him. The labors were lengthy, arduous and of a most thoroughly searching character. At length Elder Joseph said to Father James,How do you reconcile 140 THE MANIFESTO. woman's speaking and having government in the Church of Christ, with the Apostle's doctrine, which forbade it? ^ In answer to this and to the Messiahship, Mother Ann told Father James to say to Elder Joseph, that the order of man in the natural creation is a figure of the order of God in the spiritual creation. Man and woman standing in their proper order are both required to lead and take the government of their family. If the man, the father, is not present, the right of government belongs to the woman, the mother. It is the same in the family of Christ.' Marriage in the natural order constitutes the twain, one flesh; the union and relation in the spiritual order produces one spirit,no more twain, but one spirit. The natural order as the figure of tla spiritual in its perfection, embraces both father and mother. Thus the spiritual creation, as the antitype, requires both father and mother, Jesus, the father being absent; and Ann, the mother being present, (it being evident she had the anointing,) the .power and authority of Christ on earth was committed to her and to her was given the power to lead and govern her spiritual children. This answer opened to Elder Joseph a vast field for contemplation and gave him a clear sight and great understanding concerning the spiritual work of God. He saw the answer was incontestable and could not be refuted, and accepted it as satisfactory. Is there proof from the bible of any example, of the necessity of Community of interest for the Christian church. It seems like consummate ignorance of the Scriptures, to affirm otherwise. In the 2nd chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, we are told that the disciples of Christ, when the day of Pentecost was fully come, were with one accord in one place, filled with the holy Spirit; that by them the first Christian church was established at Jerusalem, on communistic principles; that all who believed were together, and had all things common; that they sold their possessions, and parted them to ah1, as every man had need. The 4th chapter tells us, that the multitude who believed were of one heart and soul, and neither said any that ought of the things which he possessed was his own, and that they had all things common. It certainly would seem that the foregoing testimony is proof sufficient to exemplify the foundation on which to build a Christian church. I believe it is generally conceded by the candid, and by persons of the best intellect, that such a basis must be destructive to self and the vile passions of the human heart, and without this crucifixion, there can be no perfect salvation. East Canterbury, N. H.