Dear Mrs. Mackie... Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. July, 1896. Dear Mrs. Mackie :From your letter I judge that you want me to give you an account of myself and my manner of life here. Well, I wrote Mr. Wilson, quite, a long letter, giving him that sort of information, and asked him to acquaint you with the substance of it, hoping that he would give it to you to read intoto. So I must just repeat myself. My first experience here was a week in the visitor's room. In this room, those who come to inquire into Shakerism live, until such a time as they have satisfied themselves and the Elder and Elflress that they wish to become a member of a Shaker family. While I was there I was visited frequently by the Elder, and various Sisters, and by the Eldress, Anna White, to whom I carried a letter of introduction from James McNish, as. you may remember. As usual with strangers I was very reserved and shy, but in my own way, I was observing and drawing my conclusions. Before being admitted as a member of a Shaker family, you are required to 'confess' or give some account of the mental, moral and spiritual journey you have come through, which has led you up to coming to them. This was pretty hard for me, for I am not in the habit of unbosoming myself to acquaintances of a week's duration. However I gave the Elder, (in your case you would tell the Eldress) some account of my moral struggles, and found myself installed as a Brother that evening, sitting down to supper with the family and sharing a room with the others. The first thing I was set to do was to learn to milk cows, and for a week, morning and evening I wrestled three quarters of an hour with an old brownish, black cow in the attempt to get half a pail of milk. At the end of the week it was still a struggle for me, and in pity for the cow, or for me, I'm THE MANIFESTO. 145 not sure which, I was taken off milking, and set for ni}T morning duty to groom an old horse, which I continue to do until this day. This is done before breakfast, which is served at six o'clock. After breakfast I do whatever is set for me to do; sometimes it is to hoe corn,- again weed onions, paint wagons and sleighs, (I have done much of this work since I came here,) or anything that needs doing.' We had spring's cleaning soon after I came here, and I helped some in this line, whitewashing, and doing anything to help those who had the work in hand. The Sisters' work is quite as varied. They look after the clothing of the Brethren, darning socks, sewing on buttons and in a general way keeping their wardrobe tidy. Duties they have without number, cooking, baking and housekeeping, and in spare times, we have eight sewing machines where shirts are made for a firm in the city. Under the direction of the Deaconesses all the Sisters take a regular turn at these various duties. In the summer there are berries of various kinds to be gathered; currants, cherries, gooseberries and in the fall there are apples to be stored for the winter. This the Sisters do with aid from the Brethren as their work will allow. And now, do I like, it? No and yes. My old man, the personal, egotistical self, does not altogether enjoy it just yet. Ho does not get much to feed him, is hungry and kicks accordingly. For the ordinary natural man, there is but little here to make him feel comfortable and a good deal to make him feel very uncomiortable; which is good. But for that part of you which is upper, for the real me, the higher self, the Christos, the Christ, call it what you like, it is my honest belief that if there be anywhere on the face of the earth where he can find a substantial environment to grow in, it is here. Now I do not want to indulge in any 'high falutin.' In all circumstances one can have an ideal and work towards it; but here you have the help, which comes from the companionship of others who are on the same road as yourself, and where you can get the opportunity to bring your whole life from rising in the morning to lying down at night, into harmony with the best you know of what you ought to be. Here you have the opportunity, step by step, of steadily eliminating from your character, the dross and rubbish. The influence of the place helps you to do this, nay, drives you to do so,at least to try. You could not stay here, and be comfortable without making some attempt to get farther on the road to holiness. You would have to leave. Endeavor is in the very air. This is at least how I have felt. I find the struggle hard at times but I shall stick to it like grim death. 'Tasks in hours of insight willed Can be in hours of gloom fulfilled,' says H^tthew Arnold; and in my hours of depression, here, (and I've had some, I can tell you) I try to remember the resolution I came to in a better 146 THE MANIFESTO. moment, and go stumbling on, in the dark as it may be, but knowing that the day cometh. So it is more than likely that I shall stay here. May be I shall have the pleasure of seeing you here also. I think you would find a real home here ; find soul-fellowship with the sisterhood, and I believe some would find fellowship with you. I read your letter to them, and-they think this is just the place for you; still, weigh it well before you decide to sell up and come. I remember that you were once in this country before, and left it again in hurry and disgust. You might, do the same again ; or want to. Perhaps I have spoken rather too highly of the Shakers of the North family at Mount Lebanon, for I can only speak of what I know best; so I will add that you are not to expect a very Kingdom of Heaven here, but you may expect to find an honest attempt to form the nucleus of such a thing. Shakerism has progressed a good deal since it was first founded by Aun Lee, but it is the hope and belief of this family, that it will progress still farther, uever cease progressing in fact. We are thorough believers in the continuous unfoldment and evolution of the human spirit and along side of that runs all other progress. From a few pamphlets which I enclose, I hope you will gain all the other information you may desire, as to the present day aspect of Shakerism, and after reading, perhaps you might pass them on to such as may be interested in the subject. Good bye for the present. Fred Aitken.