NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. July. Thermometer. Bain. 1895. 67.62 4.75 in. 1896. 71.19 3.125 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 90 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 48 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 7 ' clear ' ' ' 13 ' cloudy' ' ' 14 C. G. Meed. Soutn Family. Aug. 1896. ''Bless the Lord, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits.' We have read with interest the pages of the last Manifesto, and pronounce them all good, but find the article by Grace A. Brown especially inspiring. The summer has been made joyous by the presence of a party from Enfield, N. H., who passed one day with us. We were also delighted to. meet our mutual friends and former neighbors, Dr. Hellen I. Woodworth and mother, who spirit a couple of weeks visiting acquaintances in this Community. While this section represents a marked fruit famine, the mountains have generously furnished us with an abundance of the healthful and refreshing blueberries, nearly thirty bushels having been gather-, ed by the family who, early and late, considered the berries of the mountain, how they grow. Peace and quiet reigns throughout our home, with occasionally a ripple of excitement induced by a wrecked bicycler who always finds here the 'good Samaritan.' Brother Wm. Thrasher, the good man of centenarian fame is still an inhabitant of earth. One hundred year's acquaintance with physical life finds him wonderfully attached to terrestrial scenes. We believe with Dr. Talmage 'to those who are fitted for sailing to the Summer land, theirs will be not a landing on a rockbound coast but a pulling of their boat amid cacti and groves of orange.' Such will be the welcome home of our Brother. Genevieve DeGraw. North Family. Aug. 1896. 'Beautiful and lovely are thy courts O Zion.' Glory rests upon thy hills and peace within thy valleys. 'If our home is so beautiful here, what must it be in the world to come?' Our beloved sister Emily Offord, might now give us an answer. On Aug. 2nd p.m. a number of dear friends from Hancock and a large attendance from all the families of Mt. Lebanon met at Canaan where her memorial meeting was held. Rich in tributes of affection and praise, sweet in inspiring song and strong in the living testimony that appreciates the present good while recognizing the need for future increase, more than twb hours were pressed full of heavenly ministrations. Special note was made relative to the superior mentality of the departed.'A student of rare ability whose deepest les- THE MANIFESTO. 149 sons were learned from her own heart.' With courage undaunted and a grasp of principles of which only strong minds are capable, she lived and ministered the faith of the Gospel, worked in its present, and for its future unfoldment. Her soul atmosphere was courage and helpfulness to all around her. None name her but to bless. Some earnest souls prepared by the Spirit are finding with us their only true home. Our worthy Sister G. A. Brown is spreading the light among many interested friends on Long Island. The army worm attacked several fields of fine grain consuming about one third; higher ground escaped. Berries are abundant and early apples bring a good price in market. General health prevails. Catherine Allen. Enfield, N. H. Aug. 1896. Veky acceptable is the endorsement of those New York physicians, as given in the previous Manifesto, that a life of chastity is the best remedy to annihilate existing evils. What better declaration could be given in favor of our doctrine, from those not of our Order: 'Be ye therefore perfect even as your Father in heaven is perfect.' The great, generous Creator of all good, freighted this world with mineral, wood and floral wealth for the benefit of mankind; and as we appreciate the products of the earth, surely the grander gifts of the Infinite should be desired, to obtain which, the cultivation of the virtues of Christ must be given thought to, as readily as the educational, domestic or mechanical work entered upon, if satisfactory results in spiritual growth would be obtained. As usual at this season of the year, a walk through our village would reveal to the observer the Sisters busy with domes tic and educational affairs, also the making of fancy work for sale. Brethren con cerned with mill work, business, trading and gardening. Quite a heavy and very creditable job has recently been done at our Office horse barn, wholly by the young brethren, in the relaying of the floor, and the rebuilding of the stalls for the horses. All, we trust, are especially concerned about the sacred responsibility entailed upon us as a Church to let our light so shine that others seeing our works may know that there are joys of the Spirit unknown to the selfish or sensual and duties of life which only a God-loving mortal-loving and service-loving soul can perform. George H. Baxter. Shakers, N. Y. North Family. Aug. 1896. The editorial in August Manifesto has the true tone in the sentiments expressed. Just such testimony should be constantly kept before the minds of religionists of all schools and degrees of thought to remind them that the Church of Christ, does not use the weapon of persecution to enforce its views upon mankind. We have lately finished the perusal of 'The History of the Reformation;' a work of some 800 pages. To view the depth of spiritual degradation and superstition to which the human mind at that time had sunken, it is not to be wondered at that in its efforts to burst the fetters that bound it the zeal and enthusiasm manifest should at times be paramount to its wisdom. We would like to have some one who possesses greater insight into the workings of the human soul tell us why it is that of all the commotions among mankind, the one waged in the name of religion, so called, has been the most heartless and vindictive. On the 21st of July we had a pleasant call from M. C. Schofield, of Guelph, Canada; a mutual friend of the family and an old subscriber to The Manifesto who spent a week very pleasantly with us, studying communistic life in its various phases. 150 TEE MANIFESTO. On the 28th ult. a party of young people with dinner basket and tin pails started for the huckle-berry swamp where we spent the day very pleasantly in gathering the fruit. Hamilton DeGraw. East Canterbury N. H. Aug. 13, 1896. What a fearful mortality this midsummer hot wave has created. Cities and villages and even the farmers' homes on the hills and mountains have all been invaded If it is the work of the planets, and some think it is, then it must be a celestial hot wave, and the force that sends it is quite beyond our control. The hay crop that has been secured is of good quality, and even in quantity has no disappointment. The corn for the silo promises to be an excellent crop.* Some of it has already a height of 12 feet and is still moving upward. We may now anticipate a limited crop of apples for the winter hut the prospect is not at all flattering. The sweet and favorite blueberries have been quite abundant and some twentj bushels have been gathered for winter use. Including all the heat that has been poured upon us, and the free use of green corn, green peas and green cucumbers, with an occasional dish of ice cream, it is a wonder to see how few have fallen victims to some of the ills in the long list for summer. Let us give thanks that our stomachs are so wonderfully, if not fearfully made. Henry C. Blinn. Narcoossa, Florida July 28, 1896. A rainy season commenced with the first of May and continued until the second week in July. From Feb. 28, until April 28, there was no rain, but two or three light showers. We again desire rain Our watermelons have amply supplied us; peach trees have put forth three, four and five branches, two feet and over in length, with an overstock of latterals we took off, and all these since Dec. 25th. The blossoming pine with its great bayonet green leaves reaching to your shoulder is a marvel of beauty when the thick scarlet bud begins to peep into the light and spread out the strong leaves like a vase. There are about fifty apples, and one hundred and fifty young plants; these plants are worth thirty cents apiece. Before this greets you the increase will be five fold. Let me seepotatoes, peaches, melons, pineapples, rice, milk, and eggs are already a success under our care and by the blessing of God. Climate is perfect, and our health in a general way corresponds with our courage and hope. We are all, in a sense, exiles and feel the sepaiation from associations that were dear and pleasant, but on the whole, this land is a 'Promised Land' and no mistake. One other, and the greatest blessing we have, is a knowledge of the Gospel of Christ. Andrew Barrett.