NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. August. Thermometer. Bain. 1895. 68.36 ' 3.875 in. 1896. 68.58 4.375 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 92 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 44 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 8 ' clear ' ' ' 15 ' cloudy' ' ' 8 C. G. Meed. North Eamily. Sept. 1896. Eldeb Henry :The rolls of Manifes tos, 'Brief Exposition,' and kind letter in which was the generous offer of a hundred more, were all duly received. Many thanks for the same. 'We think with you, the pamphlet excellent for general circulation and shall be very glad to have our missionary fund renewed by such a valuable addition. Have just made up a package of more than a hundred tracts to send to our absent Sister Ada Brown, who has already distributed many among interested friends to whom a more correct and fuller knowledge concerning Believers seems like an unexpected revelation. They censure us as a body of people for not making ourselves better known. We are in receipt of many letters of inquiry from different parts of the country and occasionally from England and Scotland. All of these are answered in part by printed matter which is sent through nearly every mail, in addition to that which visiting friends take with them. Some Manifestos are always in the packages, but when asked to subscribe the usual answer is; 'We have already more papers than we can read, what we want is not more reading matter, but an epitome of your rules, customs and general principles.' Aside from callers, our visitors' rooms have been occupied most of the summer. We have with us now a Dane, a teacher in a western college, a writer, lecturer and really deep thinker. He says that his intellect is convinced but his heart not sufficiently convicted for him to leave the work in which he is engaged, to become one of our number. He believes he is receiving light which will make his life more useful to others and more acceptable to God. With many thanks for your kind and helpful remembrance of us and with true appreciation of your labors for our precious cause, I remain your gospel Sister. Catherine Allen.. Shakers, N. Y. ^ortli Family. Sept. 1896. We render thanks to the writer, for the inspiring words of, 'When to speak and when to keep silent' in Sept. Manifesto, Such gifts ministered to the soul causes it to feel that life is more than the mere seeking for wealth and social position. Above all of those sordid influences that THE MANIFESTO. 165 appear to dominate human life there are gifts that minister to the spiritual desires and cause the soul to strive for that passport which will give admittance to that temple where 'nothing that defileth or maketh a lie' can enter. We have received leaflets from our Brother Arthur W. Dowe, 948 Mission St. San Francisco, Cal., dealing with the much discussed and long expected 'Day of Judgment.' The subject is well handled and an intelligent view taken of that important event. They are in a form suitable to circulate in missionary work and all who desire can by application receive them. While reviewing the past season with its hopes and labors, our anticipations in some respects have not been realized; but nevertheless we have many things for which we can render thanksgiving. To those who are lovers of that tropical fruit water melons, we would ask them to try Cole's Early. Of all the varieties that we have tested this has proved the most satisfactory in quality and early growth. The 5th of August we had ripe fruit. We waited very patiently with the hope that the Editor would call around and share with us, but we will be ready when the time comes. Hope we will not be disappointed. Hamilton DeGraw. Enfield, N. H. Sept. 1896. Litekattjre, divested of vulgarity and moral insipidity, is one of the potent factors that inspire mortals to right living. Well may we be led to reflect that human beings are much like novels, being lined with elevating or degrading influences. But should the dots of evil and dashes of greed be left uncorrected? How valuable to society are those 'living epistles of righteousness,' whose examples intelligently show why virtue pays. Whose life chapters sMne with a godly light; Teaching lessons of truth o'er might; Lessons which tell of the Infinite plan, Heaven, not gained by faith in man; But from the force of spiritual strife, Is found the bliss of Heaven's life. On the evening of August 24th we were entertained by our friend Hon. Thomas Savage of Maplewood, First Lieutenant of the Ancient and Honorable Artillery Co. of Mass. He gave an interesting recital of his trip to England with his fellow company. During the past two months, parties of two and four have been making occasional berry excursions; the results of which have been the securing of twelve bushels of blueberries and about eighteen bushels of blackberries. Twenty barrels of pickles and one ton of beet seed have been prepared for market. Artist Autumn has commenced his grand work of tinting the foliage which helps to make our locality, 'Beautiful indeed for habitation.' George II. Baxter. Sabbathday Lake, Me. Sept. 1896. Months have come and gone since the readers of The Manifesto have heard from us; but do not think we have forgotten the magazine by any means. We welcome its arrival every month and it is more interesting each time. Our flowers have been a source of pleasure and profit this summer. Such lovely sweet peas and asters as have bloomed continually, and even now the vines are full of the beautiful blossoms; and what is better the Poland Spring House is full of guests who admire and purchase our flowers as often as we have time to carry them to the Hotel. This has been a great blessing to us and as a people we are greatly favored. Our fancy work has also found a ready sale. Two very pleasant Sisters from Shirley, Mass., Eldress Lucy Mitchell and Sr. Mary Ann Whiteley are with us on a short visit. We enjoy their company and find the sterling worth that marks the genuine Shaker everywhere. These, Father James THE MANIFES1 0. said, 'would shine brighter than the stars in the firmament when called into eternity.' We are having an abundance of apples and the evenings at present are occupied by the Brethren and Sisters in cutting the apples and drying them. Plenty of fruit and vegetables but a scarcity of hay, therefore the stock will have to be lessoned before cold weather. Ada S. Cummings. West Pittsfield, Mass. Sept. 1896. As we look upon the mountains surrounding our house and note the change of color in the foliage of trees and shrubs, listen to the moaning of the wind, we are reminded that summer will not always last and our thoughts find expression in the poem of Bryant, when he says, 'The melancholy days are come, the saddest of the year.' Harvest time brings to us its usual round of duties and learning from nature the prudence of storing for necessity, we wisely conclude to be unlike the cricket of whom the school children tell us, who foolishly danced away the summer hours, finding when winter came nothing but an empty store. The crop of hay was secured about the middle of August. After this work was commenced in removing the old palisade, which lay a little south of the Office. Nearly two thousand yards of rock and earth have been taken from this section to a much more desirable place. The ledge of rock was broken by blasting powder and dynamite and then taken to protect fine high embankment at our grain and cattle barn. This makes a good drainage west of the Office, south, through this section. We have often heard of 'removing mountains,' and this has been accomplished, if by a slower method. Where formerly only a peek from the Office sitting room window only found a mound of earth, now may be seen a broad landscape view extending from the large expanse of meadow land to the railroad and Richmond Lake, a mile and a half in the distance. FiiieHa Estabrook.