LIFE IN THE LIGHT. TT OW very little is correctly known concerning us or our CommuXI nity.' We take this remark from the letter of a gospel friend who is in another state on a mission of peace. Shall we not with equal propriety add,How very little we do to extend this much needed correct knowledge of our order. More than one hundred years have already passed since the revelation of the word of God was delegated t-6 mortals by which our Christian order was called out from the elements of the world. Although the publications of the Society in the past, have been very limited, still the record has been sufficiently full to render us ample information in regard to the trials and perils through which our gospel pioneers passed in order to establish our religious home. This has proved to be in the fullness of the term, a haven of rest for soul and body, to many thousands since that day. Indeed, one among the many great blessings is that of a good Christian home, surrounded by the necessary comforts of life and by the daily association of friends who have proved themselves faithful by the cross of Christ. As excellent as this may be it is a greater blessing, by far, to be able to publish the gospel of glad tidings and to verify the truth of our statement by a practical demonstration. If most of the information existing among the masses represents our order in an obscure or false light,then the information in many cases proves very injurious to our Society. Should we not study to modify or wholly change this order of things ? We may be ignorantly and maliciously represented. The effect of these representations upon society is often the same and the influence of the ignoramus or the vile traducer is magical. Our gospel fathers and mothers who have passed on before us were firm and fearless in their testimony against every phase of wrong doing, and yet when their enemies sought to injure them by slanderous reports, it was their custom to bear the stigma in silence. Perhaps it was the most judicious course they could have accepted. At any rate it was their way. As the population of the country increases, so in proportion do silly and designing stories increase in the minds of men and women of corresponding conditions. The age of the Church has thrown into the world many disappointed, disaffected and may be unprincipled persons whose exaggerated reports are often heralded from city to city. All this needs a counteracting influence and an invitation for a closer inspection into the 160 THE MANIFESTO. principles which underlie the gospel work, and into the practical lives of those who form the order. To-day we live in a land of publications. Thousands and thousands of printing presses are running day and night, while from ten to twenty thousand impressions of books, pamphlets or papers are thrown out upon the world in one hour. It is emphatically a printing and reading age. Every form of trade, every phase of professional life, and no less every order of religious organization must publish their programme if they wish to be known. Religious bodies, like dealers in merchandise must place before the world what they wish to have accepted, and this should be done from day to day so long as the world stands. This needs an illustration of their forms and ceremonies and the order of the cross under which they live, whether it be of Adam, Moses, Jesus or Paul; and then in all kindness allow the children of this world the privilege of accepting or refusing. To neglect this is to neglect the education of the public mind in those truths which we think so essential to salvation. Those who neglect to make use of this privilege as time passes, may as well fold their arms and brace themselves securely in the corner, as to think of either progress or prosperity. Spurious representations of the cross of Christ may be multiplied and the testimony of eternal life most shamefully adulterated by ambitious and worldly-loving churches. There may be instances where those who know the truth will prefer from sinister motives to speak that which is false, and yet all this does not prove that every person must become unprincipled, or a teacher of error. Indeed it does not. As there ever has been, so we trust there ever may be witnesses for the truth who will fearlessly testify against the sins of the world. If we are in any wise commissioned to this work, does it not follow that our prosperity will be commensurate with our religious interest. The religious and social life of the Shakers should be better known. The rules and regulations which govern their families from day to day; the care which they exercise over each other, and that which is proffered to the children they receive into the Society, and above all, the discipline of the cross of Christ which is the light of life to the order, should be sown broadcast in the world. No rules should be adopted nor any practice admitted of which the Community need be ashamed. As individuals and as Societies we may do. wrong; may fail of reaching that standard of excellence or spiritual growth which becomes the true diciples of Christ, and yet we may and indeed should be willing to THE MANIFESTO. 161 be the subjects for a just criticism. Saint Paul said of his brethren, that they even gloried in some things of which honorable men among the Gentiles would be ashamed, and as strange as it may seem the Corinthians as yet, are not all dead. The Christian work is directly and emphatically an individual work. However much men may assist each other by associations in their multiplied business or domestic arrangements, when it comes to the consecrated life of a Christian it must be that of an individual, even to the forsaking of his own life. In this we should be clearly known through our publications ; through the influence of those who have seen and heard the testimony, and through the manifestation of the spirit of God in the moulding of our lives as vessels of honor unto Him. H. C. Blinn.