REST IN PEACE. By Florence A. Staples. [In memory of Sister Emily Offord.] ' Struggling ? ah the strife is ended, And there rests a radiant bow O'er the spirit that has found a glad release; And upon the breath of stillness, Floats there an enchanting song; 'Tis the rich enrapturing melody of peace. Through the bright and pearly portals, Leading from death unto life; Golden gates by God's great mercy set ajar; Through the valley dimmed with shadows, Hath a risen spirit passed, To the land of souls which lieth not afar. THE MANIFESTO. 157 Not afar, our eyes now blinded By the scenes of time and sense, Soon the glory of that blissful land shall see; And our ears dulled by the discords, Of inharmony and strife, There shall list the chords of angel harmony. As the flowers upturn to sunlight, In expectant attitude; Or the lifting of the mists from hill and lea, As the rushing of the streamlets, Coursing towards their native source, There to mingle with the waters of the sea, Turns the spirit ever homeward, Towards its origin divine; Homeward from conflicting scenes of earth below, Where the vision in the valley, And the faith is turned to sight; There far grander possibilities to know. In a life of endless progress, Will the souls unfoldment be ; Love divine the vital energy supplies, While material forms uprising, Reach their Zenith, yield to death, Still the spirit hath a growth which never dies. Deathless sing the rolling ages, In their ceaseless, ceaseless rounds ; Spirit force the vast immensity infills, And the grasses, and the leaflets, And the rocks attest the truth, Graven on the brow of the eternal hills. Life immortal is crowned victor ; By the gate of pearls she stands With the trophies of her conquests nobly won, Though the perishing is smitten, Yet the grave hath brought no sting, For the strife is ended and the race well run. Light, O loved one, greets thy vision Of a fair eternal day, Nearer, nearer drew the bright angelic band ; And, as round the night damps settled, And we bade thee a good night, Angels bade thee welcome in the Morning Land. Canaan, N. Y.