Sanitary. THE PHYSIOLOGY OF DIGESTION. It would seem to any one of common mental caliber, that at the advanced stage of scientific research and investigation that all true scientists and physiologists should have ere this arrived at a perfect agreement and understanding regarding this most important function of human economy. Yet it seems the more investigation and experiment is pushed, the '.; more diversified their opinions and be- /, liefs become regarding the physiological, function of digestion. Nevertheless, however diversified their opinion may be regarding other phases of this function, all practically agree as to the important part the teeth have to perform in triturating and properly masticating the food before deglutition conducts it to the stomach for digestion. Most authors and writers holding that the thorough salivation of nutriment should be had to insure rapid digestion and assimilation. While others equally learned and able in scientific research, holding the antipode of opinion, farther that the greater quantity of fluids taken to rinse down the food the more favorable for rapid digestion and assimilation. Just here the 'old saw' comes to one's relief. 'When Doctors disagree who shall decide?' I aver that each individual must in this case be the umpire for self, aided by research, experiment and practical experience (one of the best of teachers), though ofttimes at fearful cost! There can be no general or set rule, for all are not constituted alike, as to temperament, constitutional tendency and physical capacity, hence the failure of any such general rule nine cases out of ten. I admit to being a specialist in dental practice for the past thirty-five years. Many and varied have been the cases I have had under hand for diagnosis and treatment; necessarily, hence I can speak advisedly on the paramount importance of properly treating and caring for the human teeth. Without good teeth there can not be thorough mastication. Without thorough mastication there can not be goad digestion. Without perfect digestion there can not be proper assimilation. Without proper assimilation there can not be nutrition. Without nutrition there can not be health. Without health, what is life? Hence the importance of good teeth. R. N. Hudson, D. B. S.