OUR MOTHER IS COMING. By Julia Russell. Hark ! list to music in the distance now pealing ; All hail! comes the echo in accents most sweet; Be glad 0 ye people, 'tis your day of rejoicing, A Mother is coming her children to greet With the soul-cheering message, not one is forgotten, Your prayers have been heard by our Father above; And your names are enrolled in tae Archives of Heaven As Daughters and Sons of my favor and love. Stand ye fast in the faith which will finally anchor Your souls beyond doubting, earth's trial and pain; You remember through suffering I purchased my freedom From bands more oppressive than slavery's chain. Though the struggle was long, yet I fully determined The foes of my household to conquer and slay; Incessant in prayer through the fiercest of conflict, Sought only the courage my faith to obey. Despised and forsaken of friends once the dearest; I drank my lone cup, meekly blessing the rod; E'en when life was endangered by cruel designers, I feared not their anger, my trust was in God Who had thus far been leading me safe through the mazes ; At times filled my soul with a glory divine; Which ope'd to my vision a grandeur supernal; An earnest of Heaven when the triumph was mine. Thus my work well accomplished; and true to my mission ; Ordained as a Savior, my purpose should be To herald the truth that on earth, had been given The power of salvation all souls to set free. This day bear me witness, who know the full blessing Of the pure testimony I sought for and gained ; Unfurl the bright banner where all may behold it That no longer in darkness and error they reign. Pray often for those in the broad fields of labor Attacking the strongholds of misery and sin; Their cause is all worthy their efforts most blessed, Unyielding their purpose they surely shall win. Then instead of the bramble shall spring up the fir-tree, The waste places smile in their beauty and mirth And the nations shall turn unto God their Creator His house be an honor and praise in the earth. Enfield, N. H.