NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. August. Thermometer. Bain. 1895. 68.36 ' 3.875 in. 1896. 68.58 4.375 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 92 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 44 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 8 ' clear ' ' ' 15 ' cloudy' ' ' 8 C. G. Meed. North Eamily. Sept. 1896. Eldeb Henry :The rolls of Manifes tos, 'Brief Exposition,' and kind letter in which was the generous offer of a hundred more, were all duly received. Many thanks for the same. 'We think with you, the pamphlet excellent for general circulation and shall be very glad to have our missionary fund renewed by such a valuable addition. Have just made up a package of more than a hundred tracts to send to our absent Sister Ada Brown, who has already distributed many among interested friends to whom a more correct and fuller knowledge concerning Believers seems like an unexpected revelation. They censure us as a body of people for not making ourselves better known. We are in receipt of many letters of inquiry from different parts of the country and occasionally from England and Scotland. All of these are answered in part by printed matter which is sent through nearly every mail, in addition to that which visiting friends take with them. Some Manifestos are always in the packages, but when asked to subscribe the usual answer is; 'We have already more papers than we can read, what we want is not more reading matter, but an epitome of your rules, customs and general principles.' Aside from callers, our visitors' rooms have been occupied most of the summer. We have with us now a Dane, a teacher in a western college, a writer, lecturer and really deep thinker. He says that his intellect is convinced but his heart not sufficiently convicted for him to leave the work in which he is engaged, to become one of our number. He believes he is receiving light which will make his life more useful to others and more acceptable to God. With many thanks for your kind and helpful remembrance of us and with true appreciation of your labors for our precious cause, I remain your gospel Sister. Catherine Allen..