THE MUGGLETONIANS. By Louis Basting. When Henry YIII became King of England in 1509 the Catholic church was in complete and almost unquestioned possession of the ecclesiastical establishment. He was himself a devoted member, going so far as to write a book in opposition to some of Luther's doctrines, for which performance the Pope bestowed upon him the title of Defender of the Faith. But later on, dissensions of a personal and a political nature arose between him and Eome, and because he could not have his way in matters and things, he broke with the ancient church. The process of breaking up the old establishment extended over a long period of years, and successful as he was in that enterprise, accomplished almost wholly by brutal force, he failed of supplanting it with a generally accepted system. If he, the former devoted catholic, could deny time-honored doctrines and pronounce new articles of belief, many of his subjects claimed the same right for themselves; if he almost extirpated the catholic form of religion out of England, he and his successors found it impossible to prevent the discussion and debate of points of theology, and the formation of societies based thereupon. Theology and religion was the common topic of controversy everywhere. The great mass of pointed matter related to arguments and disputations of that nature. Very little was there in it of love and duty, of charity and true religion; it was a stormy period of political, social and religious upheaval. It was not at all strange that at that time, when the old landmarks had been swept away, men of much egotism and strong will should make claims for themselves that only wild fanaticism could make and childish credulity would accept. During Oliver Cromwell's rule there were men who claimed to be divinely inspired prophets; who assumed to bless and to curse, to judge and to condemn at will, and asserted that their decisions would stand forever; but they were divided amongst themselves as to who should be the greatest. One Robert Tannye announced himself to be the Lord's High Priest, called to gather the Jews together out of all nations. He also claimed to be able to materialize spirits, saying he often had eight or ten of them at his house, Jeremiah the prophet among them. His pretensions were resisted by Ludovco Muggleton, who gave him thirty days to repent in, at the expiration of which he wrote a sentence of eternal damnation against him as a false prophet. This Tannye and his followers had built a small vessel in which they started for Jerusalem, but as they were all lost at sea it was considered to be a fulfillment of Muggleton's curse, whose fame was therefore much increased. Then there was John Bobbins who posed as the Almighty himself, and was worshipped as such by his followers. Him, Cromwell had imprisoned for blasphemy and Muggleton went to the Bridewell, called him to the window and pronounced a sentence upon him of which the following is a part: ' 'Many have been thy 162 TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 163 o'rimes, John Robbins; many hast thou deceived and ruined in a multitude of ways; thou gavest them leave to abstain by degrees from all kinds of food; thou didst feed them on windy things, as apples, and other fruit that was windy, and they drank nothing but water; therefore look, what measure thou hast measured unto others we will measure again to thee.' Robbins was utterly mastered; he said: 'It is finished; the Lord's will be done.' He wrote a letter of recantation, was released from prison, and disappeared from public notice. Muggleton and his party were triumphant over the lesser prophets, and they published a book, A Transcendent Spiritual Treatise. He formed no regular congregation; indeed he spoke slightingly of public worship, prayer and praise; he thought it might do for the little men, he had no use for it. He continued to work at the tailor's trade, but was ever ready to meet inquirers, and if he could not subdue them by agreement he would curse them. One Penson engaged in disputation with him, with the result that Muggleton 'did pronounce this Penson cursed to all Eternity.' The latter, not liking to be treated in this manner 'arose and smote the prophet upon his head with both his fists. But it came to pass that this Penson was taken sick immediately after and died within a week, much troubled and tormented in his mind. Then began the children in the streets to cry after Muggleton: 'There goes the prophet that d**** people.' A motley crowd gathered around him, monomaniacs, astrologers, pranters, scoffers, atheists; all talking, preaching, haranguing, about religion, visions and revelations. The chief article of the Muggletonian theology was that: 'God hath a body of his own, as man hath a body of his own; only God's body is spiritual and heavenly, clear as crystal, brighter than the sun, swifter than thought, yet a body.' It was also held that the Trinity was composed of God, man and the devil. This brought about a collision with the Quakers, whose conception of the Deity was pantheistic. Fox and five of his ministers held a public discussion in London with Muggleton and his assistant prophet Reeves; it ended in the usual way, Fox and his company were consigned to eternal perdition. Some time afterward the same fate was denounced against a Quaker named Josiah Coles, who was soon removed by death. This aroused the l wrath of young William Penn who thundered out defiance. 'Boast not,' he says, 'thou enemy of God, thou son of perdition, and confederate with the unclean croaking spirits reserved under chains to eternal darkness. I boldly challenge thee with thy six-foot God and all the host of Luciferian spirits, with all your commissions, curses and sentences, to touch and hurt me. And this know, O Muggleton, on you I trample, and to the bottomless pit are you sentenced, from whence you came, and where the endless worm shall gnaw and torture your imaginary soul.' Surely, in violence of denunciation the Quakers had nothing to learn from Muggleton, who of course hastened to retaliate to the best of his ability; but it is evident that the former were much worried by the doings of the latter, and many of their publications of that period are directed against him. The prophets were arrested, fined, imprisoned and pilloried quite a number of times. Once when on trial before the Lord Mayor he was told by Muggleton to hold his peace and be silent as became ad* * * * man in the presence of the Lord's prophets. It is stated that the mayor obeyed and said nothing more. Muggleton is described to have been a man of much natural shrewdness, but without sentiment or sympathy, without nerves, staid, stern, fearless, insensible to pain. He worked as a taylor till late in life, and derived a competence from the sale of his books. He never preached, never tried to make converts, never spoke except when spoken to; but when applied to as an oracle then he answered as a god. He was certain that he knew; he knew he 164 THE MANIFESTO. was the light. Pleasure! He did not know the meaning of the word. Riches? He had no use for them. Content to pass his days in stubborn rapture he has left it on record that he did not so much mind to be saved as he did to escape being d* * * * He thought that if he could but lie still in the earth it would be as well with him as if he were in eternal happiness ; nor did he care whether he was happy so he was not miserable, whether he went to heaven so he did not go to hellHe died at an old age, and his funeral was attended by two hundred and fifty of his followers. His last words were: 'Now hath God sent death unto me.' The sect still exists; their latest work, Divine Songs of the Muggletonians, is a book of six hundred and twenty-one pages. West Pittsfield, Mass.