Notes Referring to the Early History of the Shakers in the United States. No. 4. SUBSEQUENTLY Father James said, 'It is my desire that whenever you are in a room or open a door where people ate kneeling that you kneel with them and not wait for them to rise. Mother Ann taught us to be devoted while in the worship of God. 'Labor, when you have a privilege to worship God, to gather of the substance and power of the gospel. When I set out to seek the Lord I gave my whole soul and body to labor for the saving power of God.' Mother and the Elders would often repeat, 'Holiness becometh God's house forever.' I never saw a spirit gift pass unnoticed by Mother. She taught us to look cheerful and be pleasant, that it was not good to be of a sad countenance. She would say, 'Be solemn, yet joyful; as having nothing, yet possessing all things.' Mother always looked pleasant, and when administering a reproof she wore a sweet and heavenly smile. On one of my visits to the Square House, Mother met me at the door and taking hold of my hand walked with me into several of the rooms, and then into the one where the family was assembled in worship. She spoke not a word, but went to the south door of the Square House and extending her arms to the the south west, she said, 'The next opening of the gospel will be in the south west.' OCTOBER, 154 THE MANIFESTO. Father James who was present said, 'I hear the angels singing.' Mother asked, 'Where do you hear it?' Father James replied, 'I hear it in the south west and sometimes it seems very near.' At one time when on my way home with one of my companions, we stopped to pick some whortle berries. Mother sent word to us not to pick them on land not owned by Believers, unless we asked permission. When any one presented Mother, or any of the Elders with any gift, tliey would manifest great respect and gratitude. Father James would sometimes pray aloud, when young believers were present, and I supposed it was to teach them to pray and give thanks to God. He seemed to take great delight in the way of God, especially when he could see those who were young growing in spiritual grace. I never saw Mother Ann under any violent operations of the power of God ; she seemed to possess within herself an inexhaustible fountain of that power which she would often communicate to a whole assembly, by singing and gently speaking a few words. Fathers, William and James used to labor in the worship with great power and zeal and administer gifts to others, but Mother Ann's presence, the sound of her voice, or the movement of her hands when under the immediate influence of the Spirit of God, was far more poweiful than the united gifts of all others. She was the supporter of their gifts and the center of their influence. By Jonathan Clark. The first year that I lived at Watervliet, N. Y., we suffered for the want of food as money was very scarce, and the Believers were counselled not to run in debt. Our subsistence was largely on rice and milk. Sometimes we would go to the river and catch some fish and for several months this was the only kind of meat we^were able to procure. Flour was very expensive and we used but little for the making of bread. Our work of planting, haying and sowing of grain was very laborious and through the scarcity of food we became very much emaciated. On the Sabbath our meals were extremely light. Sometimes it was only a bowl of thin porridge and a small piece of cake. When our potatoes had matured sufficiently for the table they were roasted and eaten with milk, and we began to fare better. In this same year there was a famine near Lake George, and the citizens of Albany sent a large donation of flour, grain, beef, pork and other articles of food to the sufferers. Myself and another brother were hired to transport the food to Crown Point. While on the way we called at a small house to obtain some refreshments. We soon learned that a lady and;three children were the occupants, and on making known our business, she told us she had not a mouthful of bread, or meat, or potatoes in her house aijd had not seen any for some months. When we asked her what she lived upon she replied, that when the brier- THE MANIFESTO. 155 vines began to grow in the spring she gathered the leaves and boiled them and then ate them with milk. We passed on and soon reached our destination. On our return we purchased some grain and some flour for the Believers which was the first that had been purchased during the season. So soon as our crops were harvested we were able to make sales and purchase articles for our own use. God smiled on our labor and the Society began to prosper in temporal and spiritual blessings. Father Joseph Meacham encouraged the Believers to bear their sufferings patiently and to remember that they were engaged in a work for the redemption of souls. ?; (To be continued.)