THE EMANCIPATION. By Oliver C. Hampton. IF you find thai fear, sorrow, sickness or pain is standing in your path, and your peace has departed,then seek some retired place, and try to gain perfect silence of spirit, soul and body. Endeavor to consider yoiii'self in the presence of the Father. Do not ruminate, speculate, or evefn reason, only think that you are waiting for restful relieving. Try to penetrate more into the inmost recesses of your being. While you do this try to remain in perfectly passive resignation, without excitement of any kind. Leave for the time, all emotions of sorrow, joy, hope or despair. When you have reached this Divine Inmost of your being, yon will gradually discover the Kingdom of Heaven within you, that Jesus referred to and which he said consisted of righteousness, peace and joy in the Holy Spirit. You will find that the windows of this silent kingdom, open to the Infinite and Eternal; not lovely, but Love itself; not peaceful, but Peace itself. You will find that you have discovered the celestial solitude spoken of by the Judean Shepherd, when he sang,'He that dwelleth in the secret place of the Most High, shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty.' You will also find that 'Because thou hast made the Lord, (which is my refuge) thy habitation, there shall no evil befall thee, neither shall any plague come nigh thy dwelling. For he shall give his angels charge over thee to keep thee in all thy ways.' Whereas you may have been driven this way and that, by effects, and the fluctuations of your environment, here you will find yourself in the calm region of causes, and for the moment, you will find that your troubles have departed and a serene peace has come over you. You will exclaim with the poet, 'I will abide in this region serene, With Christ to commune by the rivers of Peace, 156 THE MANIFESTO. Where bloom the rich flowers of loveliest sheen, And sorrow forever shall cease.' While you can maintain this sweet communion, you shall bid all sorrow, sickness and fear to depart and they will obey yoi. You shall speak the word and it is done; you shall command, and it shall stand fast. But now you will ask, can all this be done at one sitting?I tell you nay, nor by a hundred. But by faith and perseverance, it all can be effectually accomplished. If it be possible to attain, is that not enough? Give it a trial. But you must bring every desire into passive resignation to the All Good. To indulge in anything that contradicts your sense of propriety or reason, in thought word or deed, will be fatal to success All day and all night, must your intentions be to subserve your interest, elevation and betterment. To drink whiskey, take morphine, or indulge in lustful pleasure, will destroy every possible chance of reaching that rest in God, which in the days of adversity you so much long for. Gluttony, anger, jealousy, revenge or impatience, will effectually close the door into this Divine Inmost which Jesus exhorted us to seek. But if you persevere, these will all gradually drop out of your life and depart, leaving you in possession of everlasting peace. Go into this holy Silence and pure stillness say twice a day and remain under the Divine afflatus, say half an hour at one time. Keep it up, do not flinch nor yield to discouragement on account of poor, or slow results, and in process of time you will surely reap if you faint not. I have thus written from the sincerest sympathy with any and all of my fellow-beings, whether friends or foes, and I shall be glad if it may do any of them good. Union Village, 0.