Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. September. Thermometer. Bain. 1895. 62.89 3.75 in. 1896. 59.5 6.5 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 88 above 0 Lowest 77 77 77 17 32 ' Number of rainy days 7; ' 6 57 77 clear ' 77 ' 12 77 J&gt; cloudy ' 77 7) 12 c. G. Heed. Oct. 1896. Three quarters of our mundane year having been absorbed by the infinitude of the past, and as the whole of it will soon follow the retinue of its venerable predecessors, it becomes us, as pupils of Wisdom, to take some note of Time's important events that have transpired through these nine divisions of the present year. Believers have had dispensations of adversity and prosperity, which like Joseph's coat, has been of many colors. Our Pleasant Hill Community have been sorely bitten by that viperborrowing money and giving notes; and the courts have saddled upon the innocent sufferers a heavy load of indebtedness. When will business managers cease to violate our Covenant, by giving notes, which they should know is a sin against Community. Mt. Lebanon, as well as Pleasant Hill, has had its share of trouble. When will all the directors of our Societies truly feel the weighty responsibility of their offices and act as though they knew that the rods of avenging justice were constantly held over their heads, to be used executively in case of violation of trust. Palpable misconduct is soon spread throughout the land, so I will refrain from making individual specifications. With all the vicissitudes of the year that have been unpleasant, we have been abundantly blessed, both temporally and spiritually. The earth has yielded abundantly of substantial fruits so that our tables have been abundantly, if not lavishly supplied. Our pear crop has been very scant. Peaches, plums and cherries have been a failure, but our cultivated strawberries, raspberries and blackberries have been ample. Wild huckleberries have been superabundant. The Church family have gathered twenty-one bushels. The other families have gathered about twenty-five bushels. We have gathered over 200 bu. of cranberries, and when the entire crop is in, there will be fully 300 bu. Thus far we have put down 213 gallons of stewed tomatoes for family use, and by the close of to-day we shall have over 400 gallons put up in tin cans for sale to supply an order, when completed, of 600 gal. Our apple crop is extraordinary, running up into thousands of bushels. Two hundred barrels of fall apples have been shipped to England. Some men bought and paid for them so we run no risk. There is an inventor in Brooklyn, L. I.James Greshamwho is building a boat that is to push through water at the rate of five miles a minute, so he can take breakfast THE MANIFESTO. 179 in New York and supper in London, on the same day. At this rate summer fruit of all kinds, and vegetables can be sent to Europe in entire safety. Leaving sublunary products for the present, let us rise to the supernal where we can share eternal joys and fruits of the Spirit. We have been visited by gospel relations from New Hampshire, Enfield, Conn., and Colonie, N. Y., all of which has made tbe bonds of our spiritual union stronger with the several Communities. Our home spiritual culture we aie attending to with care. Calvin G. Reed. had felt and seen that which could not have been explained to him. It was the inner spiritual life which touched a chord in his soul that vibrated through his being. Said he would go from us as a missionary, and perhaps would come again knocking at our door asking permanent admission. He has since published an article concerning his visit. Thus we have had many occasions to let our light shine. May we ever be prepared to give the bread of life to the hungry, water to the thirsty and clothe the spirit with that 'love that knoweth no ill.' Surah J. Burger. North Family. Oct. 1896. Autumn is singing her harvest song, and the reapers are keeping time to the music. Already one thousand bushels of apples have been gathered and many trees are still heavily laden. The past month our doors have been opened to many transient visitors, among the number are some of much interest. The Dane (Carl Christensen) who was with us delivered a lecture to the Society on Cesar vs. Christ. His discourse was edifying. He brought to bear upon the minds of the congregation that within each heart were two elements, striving for mastery. If through self-will Cesar ascends the throne of the soul then Christ is crucified, but if by integrity and fortitude Cesar is dethroned then Christ reigns and the 'Christian's Triumph' is begun. Sept. 13th two members of the Sorosis, New York; Augusta Raymond Kidder and Sophia Curtis, sought opportunity to attend our Sunday service. They seemed anxious to learn of our community and its fundamental principles in view of writing an article for a New York paper. By invitation they tarried with us over night and left feeling glad they had met with us. Also a teacher in Yale and a young student of Political Economy were with us, the latter made the remark that he