WHY AM I A SHAKER? By Alonzo G. Hollister. BECAUSE first, my parents placed me with Believers in Christ's Second Appearing, at that tender age when the mind as readily receives good, as under other conditions it would receive evil. THE MANIFESTO. 171 Second, because what Believers taught me of the practical duties of life, accorded so perfectly with what I had received from my mother, that when I came to reflect upon it, I saw that mother had formed the soil in me that was ready prepared to receive our gospel teaching. Third, because I could feel a comfortable conscience in obeying the teaching imparted, and was troubled and harassed if I did not. Fourth, because when I came to years of understanding, and the allurements of the world and its freedoms appealed to me in their strongest attractions for the youthful imagination, I regarded the prizes of a life that was to be eternal, too great, and the chance of securing them too hazardous for me to decide what to exchange it for without knowledge. For what will it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose his own life, or soul which alone enjoys the world. Or why give the freest and freshest part of one's life for a song,or for transcient joys that dance for a while like bubbles on the water, and then vanish into nothingness, leaving the soul a barren, deserted waste. Would such a life be free from those pleasures which leave the sting of death behind, to be withdrawn only by repentance in anguish, bitter reflection and sorrow. I turned to the Source of Being, to the Fountain of all Intelligence and Wisdom and asked for knowledge. I paid the price fixed, in self-denials, in prayer and watching, in obedience to light as fast as received, and knowledge was given me, that the best and richest purchase for which life could be given, was to be gained by obedience to the gospel of Christ in Mother, as taught and delivered to us by the faithful sucessors of Jesus and of Mother Ann. It was given me to know that this purchase joins its possessor in spiritual communism and relationship to the mighty host of prophets and martyrs, who have given their lives for the truth in all ages, whose toils for the emancipation of the human mind from error, and whose sufferings for the uplifting of the race from animalism and savagery, even to the laying down of their lives, have prepared the way for the blessings we now enjoy. They sowed the seed, from which we reap the harvest of civil and religious liberty, and other blessings. To become a living temple of purity, into which the holy spirit of the eternal heavens might descend and flow forth for spiritual health and cure. Jno. vii., 38, 39. I was willing to sacrifice every earthly tie and selfpleasing allurement of the world, and with all the ardor I possessed, enter the crucibles of the Refiner and stay there till purification was accomplished. Forty-five years I have labored to practice this knowledge and add thereto, and I have not been deceived in one iota thereof. I have a satisfactory possession in exchange for the life given, increasing like a sum at compound interest, or like a growing crop of fruit. The fruits of obedience, have been love, joy, peace, quietness, a justified conscience, assurance of victory, and of life everlasting. 172 THE MANIFESTO. Some will ask, could not the same be accomplished in some other way or without sacrificing so much. Is not some one of the other hundred ways claiming to lead to the highest goal equally safe? The answer is. Strait is the gate and narrow is the way that leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it. I am the way, says the anointed Jesus, and the anointed is but one. Whosoever there be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath, he can not be my disciple. He that seeketh to save his life shall lose it. He that hateth his life in this world, shall keep it unto life eternal. Whosoever will or wishes to come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow me. There is but one way and one price for all. If we pay but part of the price, we get but part of the purchase, or may lose the whole, and have to do the work over again. If we pay the whole price, by giving all, we receive an overflowing fulness of the higher, perfect and permanent inheritance, in exchange for the lower, imperfect, harassing, corruptible and transient. To God be all the glory. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.