PROMISES. By Fidella Estabrook. A LMOST every page in the Bible contains a promise in one form or an,/v other. If we study closely we will find that each promise is preceded by an obligation. We must do something in order to obtain a reward. Nothing is enjoyed that is not gained by exertion. If one sits with folded hands and receives treasures gained by the labor of others their value is depreciated. So it is in regard to promises; to fully enjoy their benefit, we must first faithfully perform our part of the contract. Even then, the reward is many times greater than the conflict. There seems to be a promise for every individual and each occasion. If they were given the first place in the heart and well engraved upon the mind in times of trial and temptation they would shine through the darkness and many dangers would be averted. It is only when they are hidden from our view by doubts and fears that we become discouraged and forget they are there. Once cast aside this darkness, and diligently search for these gems and we become filled with 174 THE MANIFESTO. light; our hearts thrill with love at the unspeakable mercy and tender care manifested by God for his children. They are like a chain ; take the Book and search for all the links that we, in our carelessness, have allowed to slip. Link on link we join them, all the while feeling ourselves drawn nearer and nearer to their Great and AllWise Author till we can almost feel the pressure of his hand. O let us never loosen our hold on this priceless chain. Wind it around us until we are firmly held by it, let not a.link be broken that would bind us to the love of God. Do we feel sorely tempted, we find, 'He will not suffer you to be tempted more than ye are able to bear.' Again, uThe Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly from temptation.' Do we feel that we are sometimes le t alone, let us look through the darkness,there is a gleam of light. As we touch the electric current of this one, numberless other lights begin to shine, and we see, 'I will never leave thee comfortless, 'I will never leave thee nor forsake thee.' 'Lo, I am with thee even unto the end of the world.' Do we feel sometimes, in the unseen battles of the heart, that our foes are too many for our strength? Brighter than the costliest gems shine the precious promises, 'He that overcometh shall inherit all things and I will be his God and he shall be my son.' 'Be of good cheer, I have overcome the world,' and our weakness becomes strength, until we feel, like the prophet, 'I will trust and not be afraid.' Do we feel sadness because of hopes blighted, or disappointments that have come'Let the heart of them rejoice that seek the Lord.' 'Rejoice in the Lord alway.' For the tired and care-worn we find 'Come unto me, and I will give you rest.' 'My presence shall go with thee and I will give thee rest.' Thus we might delve in this mine of treasures much longer, obtaining rich blessing thereby. Let us commence the chapter of ench day's history, by a glance at a promise, thus brightening the whole day, and proving an illumination in the book of life. West Pittsfield, Mass.