Sanitary. Everything that increases true knowledge... Everything that increases true knowledge, everything that multiplies the power for good, everything that promotes true usefulness, brings nearer the ideal of a divine manhood. A healthy body, a contented mind, a sympathizing heart, a disciplined will, a cultured conscience and a regally enthroned reason,these are the aims alike of science, philosophy and the higher spiritualism. The Temple of Health. TO CURB HEADACHES. Simple Remedies That Will Bring Speeily R lief to Sufferers. 'A hot bath, a stroll in the fresh air, shampooing the head in weak soda-water, of a timely nap in a cool, quiet room will sometimes stop a nervous headache,' writes Dr. B. F. Herrick in August Ladies' Home Journal. 'When overfatigued from shopping or sight seeing, a sponge dipped in very hot water and pressed repeatedly over the back of the neck between the ears will be found exceedingly refreshing, especially if the face and temples are afterward subjected to the same treatment. Neuralgia is caused not only by cold air but by acidity of the stomach, starved nerves, imperfect teeth, or by indolence combined with a too generous diet. Heat is the best and quickest cure for this distressing pain. A hot flat-iron, passed rapidly and deftly over several folds of flannel laid on the affected spot, will often give relief in less than ten minutes, without the aid of medicine. Hot fermentations are of equal value; though when the skin is very tender it is more advisable to use dry heat, nothing being better for the purpose than bags of heated salt, flour or sand, which retain warmth for a long time. Cold water, applied by the finger tips to the nerves in front of the ear, has been known to dispel neuralgic pains like magic. When caused by acidity a dose of j charcoal or soda will usually act as a corrective. Sick headache is accompanied by bilious symptoms, and attacks usually come on when the person is overtired or below par physically. This is a disease of the first half of life, and often stops of its own accord after middle age. A careful diet is impernthe in every case, sweetmeats and pastry being especially pernicious. 'Eating heartily when very tired, late dinners, eating irregularly, insufficient mastication or too much animal food, especially in the spring or during the hot weather, are frequent causes of indigestion, causing headaches by reflex action.'