A TRIBUTE OF LOVE. By Sarah A. Collins. ~T~Y7~E have met at the funeral of a dear brother and of a good centenariVV an, but it seems more like a grand reunion or a genuine love-feast; a love that will abide forever. This is not a sad funeral although we have lost a true friend, a good brother and a kind father. We shall continue to love and revere his name. All were gentle and kind to Father William and we know it is well with him. We may, sometimes, have cloudy days and if it were not so we would not be well tried like silver, and tempered like fine steel. The dews of heaven come for a purpose, and the heart-aches and trials that surround us, if patiently borne, will subdue and soften our lives, 'For the lofty looks of man shall be humbled, and the Lord alone shall be exalted.' The strong must bear the infirmities of the weak and this was the life work of Brother William. As a well ripened sheaf he has been garnered at an appropriate season of the year for this event. He was a praying man, and THE MANIFESTO. 177 was never too old to bend the knee. For a long time he has been ready, but not anxious for the change. Although we may love this perishable earth of which we are in part composed, do we love it better than that anticipated part of immortality? If we did not cling to this earth life and all that there is in it, not many of us would greet old age. If we love life and live wisely we will, no doubt, grow old in years. If we go the way of the ungodly, our days will not be long in the land that has been given to us. Our Brother's mission has been fulfilled and many have been benefited by it. Many have visited him in his advanced age and realized of a truth that from his youth up, all these years have been years of fidelity,a loyalty to the cause of his own choosing. 'They are passing away those aged and beloved parents who have long stood on the heights of Ziou, messengers of peace and heralds of good tidings, and whose feet will stand on the mount.God's sacred mount in the holy lands.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.