Shakers, N. Y. Oct. 1896. 'Broadcast over the whole eaith With a liberal hand we will sow; [birth, Sow the power and truth of the heavenly Sow light, till the world is aglow.' The last editorial has called very forcibly to mind the importance of laboring to improve the opportunities given for the advancement of the truths of the higher life. Those who have recei ved a portion of this light, should let their light so shine that others may see it and be led to glorify God. When we look around us and see the many who have laid up treasures where decay can not affect them and are nearing the time when they will lay all earthly burdens down; we ask 'who will hold the virgin standard as high as those saints who have gone on before?' That it will be sustained we know, and though creeds, empires and systems may pass away., yet the efforts that have been and are being made, to spiritualize human life, have not been sown on the desert air but by accumulation will become irresistible in their uplifting power. It may be largely owing to temperament but we can not coincide with Bryant that 'autumn is a melancholy season.' After the toils of spring and summer to produce the fruits and vegetables, comes the best of all, autumn. Now we can enjoy the fruits of our labors: and life, manifested in the insect and vegetable departments of nature's kingdom, seem to say, 'now let us rest.' In the tempernte latitudes of the earth old winter with his rough and ready ways givt s us variety and causes us to appreciate the returns of spring. Through this section of the state we are having a bountiful crop of apples. In some sections of Saratoga County, the apr ple crop is enormous. Many trees are so loaded that in spite of props they are prostrate on the ground with tilth1 burden of fruit. We had a call from our Br. George H. Baxter of Enfield, N. H. We have observed that the visits of our gospel friends the past season have been like angel visits short, but sweet, but we will be thankful for small favors. The door will always stand ajar and the welcome signal given to any of our spiritual relation. Hamilton DeGrriw.