It is well known that Father James Whittaker was... It is well known that F.ither James Whittaker was one of Mother Ai:n Lee's most earnest advocates of the testimony she bore against all sin; and in his fearlessness and faithfulness in testifying against the evils that are in the world, and exalting the life of Christ both by word and deed, he became a shining mark for the arrows of the satanic spirit of persecution and enmity that was aroused in the hearts of men, wherever the gospel of purity was preached. About three quarters of a mile from the Mount Lebanon Shaker Village, by the side of the road there is a large flat rock on which Father James was cruelly beaten, after having been hurled from his horse; some of his ribs were broken and he was otherwise bruised and bleeding. It is stated that through his great faith in Divine power he was miraculously healed. On the face of the stone his ini- 182 TK E MANIFES 2 0. tials may be plainly traced having been carved there sometime after the occurrence. The following poem refers to the circumstance, and also to the fact that it was just at the close of the revolutionary war that the little band of zealous preachers started on their proselyting mission through the eastern p irt of New York State and adjoining towns in Massachusetts, where a great revival of religion had been in progress for many months. There were seven persons imbued with the new light and faith, having perfect confidence in Ann Lee's inspiration and mission who came to this country, at the beginning of the war. They settled in the wilderness of Niskeyuna for three years and worked and prayed until there came an opening for the gospel. The vision referred to was had by Father James while in England. FATHER JAMES WHITTAKER. Grace Ada Brown. The long years of trial and conflict Had faded away, [darkest, And night, crowned with stars at its Burst forth into day; The riches of August lay scattered O'er hillside and plain, [rifle, And hands, warm from sword and from Had garnered the grain. To the sound of drum and of trumpet Had come a great hush; On each height seemed a transfiguration, A God in each bush. [deeply So thought, Father James, breathing The clear mountain air, His dark eyes aglow with life's sunshine, His heart with love's prayer; For his was a nature so gentle The wound of sharp knives But brought forth more richly the perfume To sweeten the lives Of those who had wielded the weapon, To fill his with pain. He recked not of sorrow's grave burden Could others have gain. In his English home, once a vision Dawned fair on his sight, Of a tree in the wide Land of Freedom, Each leaf made of light, And tho' bigotry's hand had been heavy Through many a year, And his heart had been torn by its arrows This vision burned clear; So when on the bright August morning 'Mid the twitter of birds, The shout of gay innocent children, And lowing of herds. There came to his ear the harsh discords Of hatred and spite, And wrong seemed uplifted, triumphant O'er mercy and right, [seized him He was calm;e'en when strong hands With laughter and mock, Ah, here is the place!over yonder Lies still the gray rock Where his body was flung in wild tumult By men in red rage, A shadow, a stain grim and lurid On nature's sweet page! For nature is here at her fairest Soft height beyond height, [tions While skies breathe their sweet benedicOf color and light. Years have gone; the Elder is teaching His grand truths to-day [less, In a land where the true light is quenchAnd none say him nay. [people Years have passed and brought for the This faith-glowing thought, So live Christ, and be Christ, is better Than all creeds have taught. As years come and go, the brave Elder Looks down from the height, And lo! the great tree of his vision Bursts clear on his sight! It's leaves for the healing of nations, It's, fruit lofty deeds, It flashes a light o'er the ocean To souls in their needs, [light Still the rock, grim and gray in the twiLooks up to the hills [courage! And the hills whisper down, 'Keep good God righteth all ills.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.