NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. September. Thermometer. Bain. 1895. 62.89 3.75 in. 1896. 59.5 6.5 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 88 above 0 Lowest 77 77 77 17 32 ' Number of rainy days 7; ' 6 57 77 clear ' 77 ' 12 77 J&gt; cloudy ' 77 7) 12 c. G. Heed. Oct. 1896. Three quarters of our mundane year having been absorbed by the infinitude of the past, and as the whole of it will soon follow the retinue of its venerable predecessors, it becomes us, as pupils of Wisdom, to take some note of Time's important events that have transpired through these nine divisions of the present year. Believers have had dispensations of adversity and prosperity, which like Joseph's coat, has been of many colors. Our Pleasant Hill Community have been sorely bitten by that viperborrowing money and giving notes; and the courts have saddled upon the innocent sufferers a heavy load of indebtedness. When will business managers cease to violate our Covenant, by giving notes, which they should know is a sin against Community. Mt. Lebanon, as well as Pleasant Hill, has had its share of trouble. When will all the directors of our Societies truly feel the weighty responsibility of their offices and act as though they knew that the rods of avenging justice were constantly held over their heads, to be used executively in case of violation of trust. Palpable misconduct is soon spread throughout the land, so I will refrain from making individual specifications. With all the vicissitudes of the year that have been unpleasant, we have been abundantly blessed, both temporally and spiritually. The earth has yielded abundantly of substantial fruits so that our tables have been abundantly, if not lavishly supplied. Our pear crop has been very scant. Peaches, plums and cherries have been a failure, but our cultivated strawberries, raspberries and blackberries have been ample. Wild huckleberries have been superabundant. The Church family have gathered twenty-one bushels. The other families have gathered about twenty-five bushels. We have gathered over 200 bu. of cranberries, and when the entire crop is in, there will be fully 300 bu. Thus far we have put down 213 gallons of stewed tomatoes for family use, and by the close of to-day we shall have over 400 gallons put up in tin cans for sale to supply an order, when completed, of 600 gal. Our apple crop is extraordinary, running up into thousands of bushels. Two hundred barrels of fall apples have been shipped to England. Some men bought and paid for them so we run no risk. There is an inventor in Brooklyn, L. I.James Greshamwho is building a boat that is to push through water at the rate of five miles a minute, so he can take breakfast THE MANIFESTO. 179 in New York and supper in London, on the same day. At this rate summer fruit of all kinds, and vegetables can be sent to Europe in entire safety. Leaving sublunary products for the present, let us rise to the supernal where we can share eternal joys and fruits of the Spirit. We have been visited by gospel relations from New Hampshire, Enfield, Conn., and Colonie, N. Y., all of which has made tbe bonds of our spiritual union stronger with the several Communities. Our home spiritual culture we aie attending to with care. Calvin G. Reed. had felt and seen that which could not have been explained to him. It was the inner spiritual life which touched a chord in his soul that vibrated through his being. Said he would go from us as a missionary, and perhaps would come again knocking at our door asking permanent admission. He has since published an article concerning his visit. Thus we have had many occasions to let our light shine. May we ever be prepared to give the bread of life to the hungry, water to the thirsty and clothe the spirit with that 'love that knoweth no ill.' Surah J. Burger. North Family. Oct. 1896. Autumn is singing her harvest song, and the reapers are keeping time to the music. Already one thousand bushels of apples have been gathered and many trees are still heavily laden. The past month our doors have been opened to many transient visitors, among the number are some of much interest. The Dane (Carl Christensen) who was with us delivered a lecture to the Society on Cesar vs. Christ. His discourse was edifying. He brought to bear upon the minds of the congregation that within each heart were two elements, striving for mastery. If through self-will Cesar ascends the throne of the soul then Christ is crucified, but if by integrity and fortitude Cesar is dethroned then Christ reigns and the 'Christian's Triumph' is begun. Sept. 13th two members of the Sorosis, New York; Augusta Raymond Kidder and Sophia Curtis, sought opportunity to attend our Sunday service. They seemed anxious to learn of our community and its fundamental principles in view of writing an article for a New York paper. By invitation they tarried with us over night and left feeling glad they had met with us. Also a teacher in Yale and a young student of Political Economy were with us, the latter made the remark that he West Pittsfield, Mass. Oct. 1898. A glance at the calendar tells us that it is again time for our monthly call at the Home Corner, and though it seems hardly possible, that same calendar has stood the test of nine month's constant use, with a strictly truthful record and we can not but believe it now, so I take my seat with you once more, thinking I shall like the proverbial gossip, keep my satchel always packed, and bonnet strings untied, ready for the next call. Although the inward life of individuals is subject to constant change, and the soul is continually expanding or contracting, the outward forms may be similar to those of years ago. So it is in our quiet home. Day succeeds night, bringing its duties to be performed. The seasons come and go in their prescribed order, each fulfilling its particular mission, and the harvest follows the sowing. But as 'Nature abhors a vacuum,' and, 'The secret of life is action,' so we daily endeavor to improve our surroundings, and ourselves, that we may say with the minister of old, 'I am nearer the kingdom now than when I first believed.' We have recently been blessed by the presence of friends from other Societies. Having one life, one purpose, one baptism, what stronger tie could we claim to 180 THE MA NIFES TO. bind us in one relationship, than Brethren and Sisters in Christ. Brs. Timothy Rayson and Washington Jones, and Sisters Corrinne Bishop and Esther Gill, spent a Sabbath with us, leaving with us pleasant memories of their musical visit. A Brother and Sister from Enfield, Conn., tarried here for a short time. Messengers from the White Mountain state, came for a look at the Berkshire Hills. Br. George Baxter from Enfield, N. H., and Elder Henry Blinn and Brother Arthur Bruce of Canterbury, each of whom we shall remember. We have realized the strength which a spiritual union imparts, and gave us courage by witnessing that which a life of perfect consecration to God's service can bring about. Fidelia Estabrook. South. Union, Ky. Oct. 1896. Our brick store at the South Union Station was recently burned to the ground entailing a considerable loss upon the Society. A new store has just been finished costing us $2500.00. Our taxes, although lai'ge, have all been paid. Have just purchased ten tons of fertilizer for our wheat fields at a cost of $270.00. Times are hard and our expenses are heavy, but we are out of debt. A. L. Johns. Enfield, N. H. Oct. 1896. In this age of spiritual enlightenment, when the evangelical churches are blending in fellowship, and giving as did Jesu the Christ, free gifts of mind and soul for the elevation of the needy, it bespeaks volumes of praise to the doers of the work ai well as the hearers of the word of salvation. It is pleasant to realize that the old fence of exclusiveness that once hedged in the various churches is crumbling away, and the living vines of truth are drawing mankind out of the furrows of dogmatic narrowness into the broad fields of Christian duty. During the pleasant month of September we enjoyed a feast of love and soul communion with Sisters Sarah Barker and Elmira Hillsgrove, of East Canterbury. We are always pleased to meet our gospel kindred and would by courteous hospitable greetings let such know that we belong to the household of faith. Sisters Isabella Russell and Henrietta Spooner who attended the fairs, report good sales of fancy articles, and Brother John Bradford's onions and beets drew first premium. With renewed love to all, we waft a prayer petitioning strength for God's people everywhere. 'When soon or late we reach that coast. O'er life's rough ocean driven, May we rejoice, no wanderer lost, One family in Heaven.' George H. Baxter.