LET THERE BE LIGHT. By Hamilton DeGraw. 'Thebe's a light that shines on my pathway, A glory in my soul; A star of hope, that bears me on, On to the heavenly goal.' The powerful all-conquering forces that are evolving from the interior life of humanity are opening wider the boundaries of that apparently limited realm which is given to human life to explore, constantly enlarging dimen- THE MANIFESTO. 173 sions. Wnat a few generations ago would have been considered by the masses as impossibilities, the present know as accomplished facts. We many times make assertions that certain ideas are the operation of chimerical minds and can not be produced as actualities of life. And while we have slumbered, some energetic spirit has received a spark of the immortal fire, has penetrated iuto that interior chamber from which comes the inspiration that giveth strength to grapple with the forces of life that before appeared unconquerable; and has entered as an intrepid explorer that field which formerly was marked the unknowable. And by the power of that ministration has removed the barriers that hindered the admission of light, and prepared the way for still greater conquests. Whether it is within the realm of the forces that appear to us to dominate and control our earthly existence, or within the boundaries of our spiritual life the call is for more light. The determination that is manifested to grapple with those subtle forces that apparently are trying to elude the searchlight turned upon them by the advance guard of scientific research is causing us to realize that the dividing line between what we term the material world and the spiritual is more imaginary than real. We say that certain bodies are opaque or impenetrable to light, and others are transparent. In the discovery of their existence, and the development and application to beneficial uses in life of the X rays showing that those subtler forces have penetrated and opened to the sight what before remained hidden. To those individual lives whose spiritual development is yet dormant, the intrusion into what to them appears a mysterious and forbidden realm is fraught with dangers that should be avoided. But to those who have received the divine commission to grapple with those hidden forces, and to illuminate the pathway upward which human life is moving, do not realize the sensation of fear. Some of the so-called scientific minds in their unwillingness to recognize the fact that the dominant object in investigating and developing the interior forces of life should not be confined to the childish play of dealing with effects but to study and understand the underlying causes, have so enshrouded their mental horizon with the mists of dogmatic bigotry causing them to think that the boundaries of their vision is the outer circle of the infinite universe. When the project was first being seriously considered of ocean steam navigation, one of the so-called scientific men of England came forward with the statement based upon what he thought actual knowledge of its power, 'that what else could be done with steam its use in ocean navigation was an impossibility.' The doubt and uncertainty that formerly existed in the ability of the human soul to understand and use those forces that are so enshrouded in mystery, has given way to the feeling of wonder that they were not understood before. The rapidity with which those thought forces have penetrated hu- 176 THE MANIFESTO. man life, causing the development of those wonderful inventions that during the past century have given such mighty power to control the material elements and cause them to become the servants of man instead of his master, has c ased to excite wonder. The question now is, should not the way also be made clear so that the moral and spiritual life could receive its full portion of that light which has so wonderfull}? illuminated the material side? Nothing short of a full presentation of the truth will satisfy the piogivssive soul after it has received a portion of the divine light. The quickening of the moral tone of society on many questions that formerly it was at least indifferent, and insisting that light shall be turned upon the causes that have been productive of the false conditions of life under which it has been living, and demanding their removal, is evidence to prove the fact that darkness is only a negation, that it can not supply that vital force of life which only is able to cause a growth to higher conditions. Above the storms and convulsions which at times assail our globe and cause such great destruction to the material interests of life, are the mighty constellations that for ages have shone with undiminished splendor and sent their light earthward. So, superior and above the upheavals that at times are shaking the religious and political world, is that Divine power which is the source of all light and life, and is using those conditions as a means to clear the avenues through which may come that light which will enable the prophetic prediction to be verified. 'I will shake all nations, and the desire of all the nations shall come ; and I will fill this house with glory saith the Lord.' Shakers, N. Y.