REMARKS OF MOTHER LUCY WRIGHT. NO. 3. MOTHER LUCY exhorted us to a greater degree of thankfulness. 'We certainly have great cause to be thankful above all creatures, and are accountable to God for these blessings we enjoy. If we are unthankful for our daily and abundant blessings, we are not followers of Christ. The spiritual and temporal blessings which we enjoy are the gifts of Heaven to us, we can not call one of them our own and we are not certain of them from day to day.' 'Those things which the earth brings forth are of the earth, and will yet return to its own. We can not make one plant grow though we sow with great care; it is God who giveth the increase.' 'It is our duty to humble ourselves in the sight of God, that our judgment may be taken away. Let the soul seek God's mercy in humiliation before it is too late, and while we may be heard ; if we are not humble and cry to God in our need, we may yet cry and not be heard. If we trust to our great privilege and experience, we trust in something which will fail us. Remember a haughty spirit goeth before a fall.' 'I hope we shall not be unthankful in the midst of plenty, with a fullness of spiritual and temporal blessings on every hand.' 'Many precious promises are given to the faithful. Some, being darkened, think that the gospel is not sufficient to save them. The gospel is not at fault, it is sufficient to save every soul that will obey it. If we obtain the precious bless ngs that are promised to the willing and obedient, we must NOVEMBER, 170 THE MANIFESTO. gain them. We make our heaven. All who are true will realize the blessing of God. God forbid that we glory, save in the cross of Christ.' 'We must be what we profess to be, and profess to be what we really are. Do not glory in a profession for it will not save you. We shall appear just what we are when we enter eternity.' Mother Lucy seemed to feel great anxiety for the children. She would often speak of the great responsibility their guardians were under to care for their daily welfare, their protection; the example before them, the language used to them; all this should be the burden of those who care for them She would speak particularly to the children and youth, saying, 'You are young; your youth is the best and easiest time for you to learn to serve God. I wish you could realize this. I pray for you often for I feel the burden of your salvation, and desire you to live a life of uprightness. Those who are called by the good Spirit in their youth should often return thanks to God that they are thus noticed of their heavenly Father. If you do not want to do wrong, then you will do right, for the master we love, we serve.' 'The gospel requires no more than is just, and you must part with all that is contrary to its requirements. 1 do believe that every one who can sense it will be thankful that they have found the blessing of God that will separate them from all evil and make them acceptable before God. Love begets love. I have that love for poor, lost souls that I would suffer in their stead, if this were possible. If we love the gospel we shall obey it, and if we truly love God we shall serve Him.' 'Of all people we are the most noticed of God. Shall the children of this world be before us, and appoint a day of thanksgiving, and we not be able to keep it in thanksgiving? Nay, let us_keep it to God's acceptance. We can do this in truth.' June 11, 1820. Mother exhorted us to be spiritually minded. 'All who have an understanding should labor for their own spiritual food, and pray for the gifts of God in their own souls. The young need to be helped, and I am able and willing to bear a great deal with and for them. Yea, I am willing that they should have a part of my bread, if they will be good.' 'I love the blessed spirit of the gifts of God. They are our support day by day, and without them we should suffer hunger and have no treasure in heaven.' (To be continued.)