THE COMING NEW YEAR. By Earnest Pick. ANOTHER new year ! and another! and another! How many new years we have experienced, each one of them new; rather strange that all together they should make us old, each one making us older in spite of it being new. But 'getting older' is of no great consequence, even if we lived the age of Methusala. Are we 'growing better' is another far more important consideration. If we cut the trunk of a tree in two, crosswise, we find a number of concentric rings indicating the age of the tree. Each year's added growth is thus plainly indicated. At the same time the sap of the tree rising between the bark and the wood proper, bursts and breaks the bark, thus making room for a further growth, the old bark being thrown off by a gradual peeling process. A valuable lesson is contained in this process of nature. Reviewing the old year in this correspondence we may aptly ask ourselves; How much new growth have we to show for the last year ? How much good is there newly added within the circumference of our last year's increase? And again, how much of the old bark that enclosed our former growth, are we about to break and throw off, to give room for further expansion ? For move on, we must, or retrograde; there is no stand-still; grow we must, or sure decay will follow. Paul says;'When I was a child, I spake as a child, I thought as a child, but when I became a man, I put away childish things. For now we see 186 THE MANIFESTO. through a glass darkly, but then face to face, now I know in part, but when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away.' This is the outline of the growth and progress of a true Christian. The sincere seeker of Christ will determine and set out anew to put aside all temporal obstructions. If we wish to be true servants of God, we can not make any reserves, which would hinder us from our final redemption. Though we may feel on that phase of our travel, as stepping down from the solid earth into the bottomless darkness, and may feel completely helpless and alone, we need just then stretch out our hand and grasp the right arm of Him who promised ever to hold and guide us. If these promises are as true to-day, and I doubt not, as they were nineteen hundred years ago, there is no reason for looking backward to a Savior of the past, who has left us his memory alone to adore.and to be petitioned unto, but he must be living among mankind to-day, his spirit diffused among all his true disciples, and what is more, his saving power accessible to each one desirous to give up all in order to follow Him. His very presence ought to be felt to-day as of yore, and we ought to be able to touch the hem of his garment and feel the touch of his healing hand whenever we desire, in boundless faith, to be freed from the bondage of sin and disease. 'Who forgiveth all thme iniquities, who tu'aleth all thy diseases.'Ps. ciii., 3. And so it seems to be when viewed from another point. Continually we see and hear his name aud his spirit abased and persecuted for his very righteousness. Forever we see him betrayed and sold for more or less silver-pieces, and continually we witness him crucified amidst a thieving and a murderous spirit of the deluded human race. But forever and ever we see him ris? above all this in immortality, pointing the penitent mortal up to heaven his place of birth and final destiny. In godlike patience and long-suffering he is forever leading mankind by slow degrees of inner enfoldment to the realm of his salvation. Ever present to-day as he was centuries ago, ever powerful, ever ready and willing to forgive, to heal, to save each and every one willing to forsake the evil ways of fallen nature. This living Savior is among us to-day, and here, as I faithfully believe ; trusting in his power to save, all who sincerely seek, and when found, follow him without reserve, I go on to victory. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.