ANN LEE. nnO a company that visited Mother Ann and the Elders, she said, JL 'You should let your light shine, that others by seeing your good works may be led to glorify your Father in Heaven.' This was a lesson in religious discipline, and Mother Ann was anxious to have those who came to see her, learn something that was profitable. The words were the same that had been used by Jesus more than a thousand years before her time, and for aught we know, may have been used a thousand years before the days of Jesus. That they were eminently appropriate to be spoken before a company who had asked the fellowship of the church, may be readily admitted. Mother Ann did not assume to teach a new, exclusive doctrine. The spirit of God gave her power as a witness to stand upright, and she brought out, anew, the revelation of the Christ of God. The foundation of the work which was to make man in harmony with Christ, had already been laid. It was denominated the power of God unto salvation. Already it had wrought so effectually for the purification of the soul that many faithful witnesses had been known among men as the sons of God. That foundation remained sure and needed no human agency to attempt the rebuilding. It was at the hands of its own brethren, however, that it suffered the greatest neglect. Other foundations were built so near that the hay, wood and stubble of the Nicolaitans, the Jezebelites and those of the synagogue of Satan obscured the cross and the testimony of eternal life. The counterfeit has borne the name of the true life, the same as the church of Pergamos bore the name of Christ while it occupied the seat of Satan. Mother Ann arose in the light of the revelation of God and through the ministration of Christ, taught her followers to build on the true foundation ; to keep the heart pure and to deny themselves of all ungodliness and every worldly lust. She urged that they should make themselves so acquainted with the gospel testimony that they could give a reason for the hope that dwelt within them. That they were to be made anew and become the children of the regeneration. This testimony enkindled a fierce opposition and the Believers suffered much abuse at the hands of their enemies. Cruel mobs surrounded their dwellings, bursting open the doors and breaking the windows; while THE MANIFESTO. 191 many individuals suffered imprisonment and much injury to their persons and property. All this transpired in a Christian country and against those who were zealously advocating the gospel of our Lord, Jesus Christ. The Believers were aGcused of breaking up families and destroying the domestic peace. So far from doing this, they only preached Christ and him crucified and there left the order of life to be lived with the converts. After listening to the good news as taught by Jesus, they were free to serve God or mammon. Mother Ann taught that the work of Christ was the work of regeneration. That those who accepted it must separate themselves from a worldly life. Generation was the old Edenic story. The whole world from the days of Adam had made itself acquainted with its every shade, and was astonished when it learned that all those old things were to be done away, and that all things were to become new. A new heaven and a new earth were to be created wherein should dwell righteouness and peace. Jesus had said, 'Verily I say unto you, Ye which have followed me in the regeneration when the son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.' Mother Ann taught the same doctrine and it was to her a representation of the life of Christ. In the order of generation the circle of mine and thine,the selfish propensities dominated. Every man must care for his own little circle. In that order it is just and right that he should. Generation demands that interested care and has a right to see it faithfully regarded in the father, mother, sons and daughters. Its law, its rule and regulations will be found in the Mosaic code. It is the inspired word of God for all who enter the order of generation and by a careful observance of these, it becomes, as said the Apostle, a school-master to lead souls to Christ. In the Christian dispensation we find a new doctrine, a new way of life, and to those who have been faithful to follow, Moses and to keep the law and the commandments, Jesus says, 'Follow me ! I am the resurrection and whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die.' Mother Ann taught; 'As you enter the work of regeneration, the relations change from the old inheritance of the flesh, to the relations of Brethren and Sisters in Christ.' The evangelists have written for us several of the visits that were made to the Teacher. One disciple who had asked to be admitted as a member into the little band, had arranged in his mind to return to his 192 THE MANIFESTO. home and after attending the funeral of his aged father he would be quite free to accept the duties of a disciple, and follow Jesus. From the beginning they had been warned not to look back after having accepted the cross, and Jesus with the authority of a divine Teacher said to him, Let the dead bury their dead : it is your duty to go and preach the kingdom of God. Mother Ann and the Elders taught the same, and the Believers were accused of teaching their members to hate their parents and to become misanthropes. Read what Jesus taught and then go and do likewise. Another disciple, who was of a social turn, thought it would be a nice thing to go and visit his friends and bid them a kind farewell, and then he would be ready to follow Jesus. This was another form of sustaining a union with the generative order of the world, and quite different from the work of regeneration, into which he had been called. The answer that Jesus gave was to the point, although he neither commended nor condemned the course that the young man had suggested. 'No man,' said Jesus, 'having put his hand to the plough, and looking back is fit for the kingdom of God.' It would seem that the Teacher was anxious to* impress the disciples with the great importance of serving the Lord their God with their whole soul, and making no reserves for a selfish interest. If the gospel stood above the Law in its blessings, it must also stand above the Law in its sacrifices. When Elijah, under the direction of the spirit, passed through the field, where Elisha, the anticipated prophet, was ploughing, he cast his mantle upon Elisha and, no doubt, said to him,Follow me. Obedient to the call Elisha left his work in the field, and ran after Elijah, as most men would, to obtain permission to do a little visiting. 'Let me, I pray thee, kiss my father and my mother and then I will follow thee.' Elijah instead of granting the request, administered this well deserved rebuke. 'Go back again, for what have I done to thee?' He had placed upon Elisha the anointing oil of the Lord God and it must not be slighted. Elisha omitted the visiting but returned to the place where he had been anointed and sacrificed to the Lot-d a yoke of oxen, and burned the instruments in which they had worked. He then sought Elijah and studied with him to become a prophet in Israel. Those who accept the teachings of the Bible as the word of God, will appreciate these lessons of self-denial and of consecration as leading to something higher than the life of an animal on the generative plane of existence. THE MANIFESTO. 193 Men who assume to teach a life of holiness before God have all reason to be ashamed, as they flatten the people to read and accept the life of the sensual Corinthians, in preference to the life of Jesus Christ. We may go back to the time when Aaron's sons were appointed to serve before the altar of the Lord. Two of them neglected their religious obligations and willfully trespassed against the Law by the offering of strange fire. For this serious offence they lost their lives. Their bodies were carried out of the camp. Moses then spoke to their father and the other sons. 'Uncover not your heads, neither rend your clothes, lest ye die, and ye shall not go out from the door of the tabernacle lest ye die.' 'The day cometh that shall burn as an oven and all the proud, yea and all that do wickedly, shall be stubble and the day that cometh shall burn them up ; it shall leave them neither root nor branch.' The Lord's servants had no time to waste over the death of the willfully wicked. Throughout the whole history cf God's work with man, a consecration has been demanded, that would be a distinguishing mark between the children of God and the children of this world. The testimony of Mother Ann Lee is the spirit of Christ, which will burn as an oven, and of which we may speak with confidence having the assurance that it will establish every honest soul on a foundation which will insure peace and prosperity in time, and in the world to come, eternal life. H. C. Blinn.