NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. October. Thermometer. Rain. Snow 1895. 44 4 in. %in. 1896. 46 m ' 0 Highest Temp, during this mo. 66 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 26 ' Number of rainy days ' ' 10 ' clear ' ' ' 9 ' cloudy' ' ' 12 C. G. Reed. Nov. 1896. Editor of the Manifesto;Time's shuttle has filled the tissue of another solar month. As we take no note of time, but by its passing, it is well that our Monthly Periodical includes a space for the several families of each Community of our Faith. Not to be found derelict in duty, I present a synopsis of such events and incidents as may be of general interest to the readers of The Manifesto. 1st. The Weather. People generally, are interested Pro et Con, with regard t) the weather. It is either too hot or too cold; too wet or too dry. We had rather a dry Summer; but since Autumn set in, sve have had a superabundance of rain. These extremes cause some people to query whether an over-ruling Providence does, or does not control the weather. 2nd. The Crops. Potatoes have not done as well this season as they did last year. A blight struck them. Other crops, genrally, have been excellent. Small fruits a failure. Br. Benjamin Gates writing from Florida, says; 'Our crops never looked better, and as it now appears, we shall have enough to sell to purchase our needful groceries, etc. We have no hired help to pay. The pine-apples at Russel's Orchard, Orlando, I saw last week. He will have 30,000 to 40,000 pine-apples this season. Last year Russel sold $20,000 worth of pine apples and ships to other parties to set new orchards. All this off of eight and one half acres. This season he will sell $30,000 worth of apples and plants. All the hired help he employes is three men. You see he produces from eight and one half acres more net profit than all the Societies of Shakers.' It costs us in Lebanon to raise oats about sixty cents a bushel. We can buy them for twenty-five to twenty-seven cents a bushel. 3rd. School. Our school opened Oct. 25. Ada Brown and Rosette Stephens are the teachers, and they are A. No. 1. They have forty scholars under training. 4th. Election or Politics. With all the innovations adopted by the Shakers, eminating from the World of Fashion, ultimately, are we to enter the Arena of Politics and vote? Jesus said; 'My kingdom is not of this world, if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight that I should not be delivered to the Jews.' The political campaign just closed has been called an educational one. What have the people learned? The coming four years will exhibit its wisdom or its folly. 5th. Health. The present status of TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 190 physiological uprightness is quite apparent. Except transcient influenzas there is nothing to indicate debility of body or mind, except old age! 6th Hands and Hearts. So far as hands are considered, there are no idle ones among us. Every individual is giving his or her time and strength in devotion to daily duty in the field of manual labor. Hearts! who can fathom their depths? It is safe to say there are many faithful souls, striving to sustain the cause of truth and righteousness. If there are those who are otherwise inclined, surely they will meet their just recompense and reap the harvest they sow. Calvin G. Heed. North Family. Nov. 1896. Beloved Elder Henry ;I feel it a pleasure, bordering on duty, to express, in brief, our feelings of gratitude, so far as I can convey them on paper, for your unabated interest and labor in sustaining our monthly, The Manifesto. Small, though it is, yet with your other arduous duties, the tax must be heavy upon hand and brain,it can not be otherwise. At this time, when nearing Thanksgiving day, we think it a fitting season to remember in love and sympathy the Editorial department. Next, to extend through its columns, greetings of love and blessing, hope and joy, strength and courage to every Brother and Sister contributor or non-contributor from Maine to Kentucky. To each Zion-bound traveler we hold out the signal of 'good cheer.' The old ship with her trusty few has weathered the storms for over a century, and is still beating against the tide of innovations that would, if allowed, swamp her and thus bring destruction and ruin upon the whole crew. The old Captain and comrades know every reef, every danger that besets their course, and when urged upon to change it is their duty to give an alarm and it should be given with no uncertain sound, irrespective of place, position or personalities, lest disaster follow in their wake. We have known of a time when naught but the hand of the Lord intervend to save; Aye, times without number. When in the channel of communication with his agents we place ourselves in a position to be saved, but, let our bark drift iuto unknown seas then we break the connecting links and we h.ive n.&gt; promise of security. We have undergone radical changes in the past for the betterment of Society, but never once have we changed our courseour principles. We still hold ourselves ready to meet the incoming tide of moral and spiritual reform which will be sure to hasten our progress toward the goil of destination and triumph, and we throw out our colorsour thoughts to the winds of heaven that we may catch the spiritual breezes and be waited safely into the harbor of peace and salvation. And more than all, that others outside of our domain may see and fee! the power existing within, which calms the troubled waters i&gt;f discontent and strife, and Lids all the tempestuous elements in t^e human heart to cease forever by the sweet persuasive voice of, 'Peace be stili!' In the somhrii days of Thanksgiving time we are madu glad by the thought that not an arrow has been sent, nor an ax uplifted, nor a hook inserted to take life with the idea of giving life, realizing that even the pots in the kitchen should be like bowls before the altarholiness unto the Lord. In the joyous Christmas-tide when the Christ comes to us in hisin hersimp^ mien, teaching us the all important lessons of the hourlessons which need to be reiterated in order to be thoroughly understood and retained, we come into greater light, as we receive this Christ anointing through the Divine unction of the Holy Spirit, manifested in his Order upon earth. This new revelation teaches that God is dual, Father and Mother; that Christ is dual, Bridegroom and Bride. This is God's plan and. we can not change it if we would. The serpentine nature 196 THE MANIFESTO. wriggles and squirms and trys to invent 'some other way,' but all to no purpose. Beware then, that we 'crucify not the Son of God afresh and put Him to open shame,' nor the Daughter of God who is sent to redeem man from his lusts, and stands to-day like Bartholdi's statue of liberty, pointing upward to heaven, and who is here to preserve chastity, and who will cleanse and purify all those who will come unto her. In this bond we are united ; it is the sign by which the true Believer is known; it is the bond of our union, and we must keep it unbroken. Trusting that you will continue to share in heaven's richest blessings bounded only by your capacity to enjoy; I am through Christ, your gospel Sister, Anna White. Shakers, N. Y. North Family. Nov. 1896. One more stroke of the annual timepiece, and, to use an electrical phrase, the circuit will be closed with the record of the past year. Its anticipations and disappointments, in our material life we are glad to let go where they will take their place with the mouldering volumes of the receding years. The future is before us; but only in the present moment we live, To the student who pursues the religious and political writers of the day with a desire to come into rapport with living and moving thought, must notice that there is an anticipation of something beyond the ordinary: that the hour of destiny has struck, and the old must pass away, that the new may have room for development. We trust it will not be in the whirlwind or the tempest, but in the still, small voice which is the only medium through which can come the highest manifestation of divine truth. We are enjoying a delightful autumn which is giving farmers an opportunity to perform the duties necessary: to closing the agricultural campaign of the year. The 'Hints to Writers and Speakers' in the Nov. Manifesto is acceptable, and we will boil down our subject; and when we have finished, be sure and stop. Hamilton DeGraw. East Canterbury N. H. Nov. 1896. Among the pleasant things to note is the presence of Elder Calvin Reed of Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Having spent a few days in the Society at Enfield, N. H., he has called to see his gospel friends in Canterbury. We learn that 1160 bushels of apples have been prepared for the kiln. This affords about 200 bushels of dried apples. Our school is in session and twentyseven pupils are present. Henry C. Blinn. Pleasant Hill, Ky. Nov. 1896. Providence has dealt graciously with us the past season. Since early May until October we have had a bountiful supply of fruits and vegetables. Strawberries, cherries and peaches have been very plentiful and a daily supply of peaches from the first of June till the first of Oct. Apples have been a limited crop. The beautiful green grass is now supplemented by the various tints of the autumnal leaves which the eye is not tired of seeing. The potato crop, both sweet and northern has been of the best quality. The roofs of several of our dwellings have been painted and beside the preservation of the buildings it adds very much to the beauty of our gospel home. N. L. Rupe.