Notes Referring to the Early History of the Shakers in the United States. No. 5. X TOTHING could exceed her love for Mother Ann and the Elders, and for _L ^ the upbuilding of the gospel which they came to establish in America. In the time of trouble she stood on the side of right, and her zeal and courage never abated. When those who were false-hearted turned away, and attempted to deprive them of the consecrated property, Jemima would speak encouragingly to the young people, and to those who were weak in the faith, and tell them that better times were before them. 'Never fear,' she would say, 'I know that the foundation is sure, and I know that God who has sustained the Believers through all their sufferings and toil will never suffer the gospel work to go down.' There was no name so dear to her as the name of Mother Ann. She would often relate the scenes of suffering Mother was called to endure; her seasons of sorrow, and scenes of joy., her words of instruction and admonition, and encouragement to her children, till it seemed that her soul overflowed with a heavenly love. Many times while speaking of these things her soul would be carried beyond earthly scenes, and she would seem to be exploring the heavenly world where Mother dwelt. No one present who had any degree of love to the way and work of God, could avoid feeling a measure of the same apirit with which she was inspired. When preparations were being made to build the Square House, she said, ''I came to the spot selected for the purpose in company with Sister Hannah Willard, the daughter of Isaac. It was then a dense forest, and I gathered boxberries on the spot where the house now stands. I saw the trees that were marked to designate the place, and I felt inwardly impressed at the time. It was unlike anything I had ever felt before that time.' 'Such peace and quietness pervaded the wilderness that I was perfectly THE MANIFESTO. 189 charmed. I had but little thought of the great work which was to take place, but when Mother Ann and the Elders came here to take up their abode, I then thought of my early impressions.' The writer of these notes, was with her on the evening that her life closed. 'Never did I witness a scene like this. Her soul was spent in prayer and supplication, not wholly for herself, but for others. She prayed for the whole household of faith, and then prayed for all mankind. She then fell into a sleep from which there is no waking.' The End.