Sabbathday Lake, Me. Nov. 1896 Beloved Elder Henry;—I write to tell you of my visit to Alfred in the days of Indian Summer, from the 24th to the 31st of October. By the Portland and Rochester train we were brought directly over land in plain sight of the village, around the east side of the beautiful Massabesic Lake, to Alfred Corner, two miles from our destination. Here we were met by Br. Frank Libby and Eldresses Harriet Goodwin and Eliza R. Smith, with a carriage to take us home. It was a lovely ride along the lake-side; the autumnal foliage decking the forests as far as the eye could see, amid slight zephyrs, the thought of which was just sufficient to fan away all earthly cares. In the society of those we love, how quickly time passes. We soon arrived at the Office. Here we find Sister Lucinda Taylor waiting to receive us, and by her kindness, and that of those with her, all our needs were anticipated and ministered unto. THE MANIFESTO. 7 And now a thought of the sudden change—a week in which to rest from the cares and burdens incident to the home life that, during the past season, from the rush of business, was almost overpowering. Instead of caring for others all are striving to care for you. Upon the Sabbath we met for divine service. Prominent in the assembly were our venerable Elders, Joshua Bussell and Hiram Tarbox, in spirit firm as the hills, bearing the same testimony that we have often heard from them in the days that are past, both here and in our home at New Gloucester. Beloved and consecrated ones, your spiritual children will reap in joy what you have sown in tears. I can not tell you of all the joys of those days, for space will not permit, but I will speak of the willow trees that I went to see one afternoon. They grew by the side of the old road over which Father James Whittaker came when he visited Alfred in the year 1785. He, and the Elders with him, stuck the withes that they had driven their horses with, into the ground. They took root and grew to be these great trees, nearly three feet in diameter. The one that Father James set has fallen, and from the side of the trunk three or four large willows are growing. These will be succeeded by others. The root will not die out, and as the willow trees grow on and on, the seeds of eternal truth which Father James planted in this place will also grow. Those principles will never die. These were my thoughts as I stood upon the log of the fallen willow on that lovely afternoon. In the cemetery we saw the names of the fathers and mothers who gave themselves with all they had, to found this home for those who would follow in their footsteps and live the high and pure life required of the sons and daughters of God. The final consecration was made when the Society was' organized in the year 1793. Here they spent the remainder of their lives, living together as brothers and sisters, sharing equally in every temporal blessing. I noticed the names John Barnes, Elisha Pote, Rebecca Hodgdon and many others. Names to be remembered in all coming time by those who tread the strait and narrow path which they marked out. Their lives were not in vain. 'The stone that smote the image became a great mountain and filled the whole earth.' I returned to my home at Sabbathday Lake, on Saturday, the 31st. Elder Henry Green, of the Alfred Society, came also and we had the blessing of his presence over the Sabbath, and a number of days following. The young receive encouragement and the weak in faith are strengthened by his steadfast spirit. . As I have in mind, at this time, the home at Alfred, 'Beautiful for situation,' and also the home at Sabbathday Lake, I exclaim, with the Prophet, 'How goodly are thy tents, O Jacob, and thy tabernacles, O Israel! As the valleys are they spread forth, as gardens by the river's side, as the trees of lignaloes which the Lord hath planted, and as cedar trees beside the waters.' Aurelia G. Mace