REMARKS OF MOTHER LUCY WRIGHT. NO. 4 OUR union is our strength. We can not find protection without keeping a gospel union with the church of Christ. Faithfulness in every temporal and spiritual duty will hold us in gospel union. It would be better to suffer a great deal of inconvenience, than to have disunion. When I received the gospel call, I received faith and knew that I had walked in forbidden paths. I had no spiritual goodness to recommend me, 6 THE MANIFESTO. and I was led to confess my sins to God; and I did it of choice. I esteemed my call too great to live in the ways of evil. I was young, at that time, but I have traveled from degree to degree, till I now claim the relationship of a good Believer. You have often heard of the vineyard of Christ, and every good Believer has a part in this vineyard. Indeed, every one has a vineyard of his own to keep in order. All noxious weeds must be destroyed, that the good plants may be protected. I pray that all may be faithful in this spiritual work and not allow anything to pass unfmisht. Remember the honest-hearted and obedient will receive a full blessing. Mother Lucy seemed to be imprest that these would be her last words to the Believers in Lebanon, and as she closed her remarks, extended to them a special blessing. On January 10, 1821, she returned to the Society at Watervliet, where she remained till her death. Mother Lucy still lives, and her testimony in favor of gospel union, and for righteousness and peace can never die away. Mother Lucy exercised great love in her ministrations and spoke so simply that even the children could understand her words. At one time Mother remarked,—'Remember that heaven is order, and that order is heavenly. Our orders are our walls of defense, and our gospel protection. I am thankful for my faith, as faith is a gift of God. Keep your faith ; keep your union. It is more valuable than all earthly things. We should be very careful how we speak to each other. Speak kindly and lovingly, in the simplicity of the gospel, and neither give nor take offense.' The End.