NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. November. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1895. 39.93 3.75in. 3in. 1896. 42.67 2.125' 4' Highest Temp, during this mo. 64. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 14 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 5 ' snowy ' ' ' 2 ' clear ' ' ' 13 'cloudy' ' ' 10 V. G. Reed. Dec. 1896. Cold weather and frost has sealed up the tilling of the soil so that the major part of the work has to be done under shelter. Cutting and drawing wood for fuel, and journeying to exchange goods and fruit for money are the chief requisitions for out-of-door work. As Florida contains a part of our family interest and members; for want of home incidents that are perfected enough to be put in print, I will supply the deficiency with a sketch of proceeding in the Olive Branch Florida. Spiritually they are making progress by some ingathering, and some more in anticipation. One man additional, John T. Roberts. He will occupy the Peterson House and he expects quite a number to follow him. There are some others in anticipation. In temporalities their success is markt. They have set and are setting 63 guava bushes. 125 good peach trees. Banana promising. 100 peach to set. 40 orange trees. 6 grape fruit trees. 10 Japan per- simmon. Henry has set out some grape and scuppernong vines, the latter to cover an arbor 70ft. long by 10ft. wide. One third acre of rice 5ft. tall. An addition has been added to the house, 15x16 ft. and two stories high. The rooms are suitable for angels to dwell in. 'Our bouse is the color of old gold.' So say they. Calvin G. Reed North Family Dec. 1896. Our proud old earth has successfully wheeled itself through the zodiacal signs of 1896 and does not seem to be discouraged at beginning another round. Some say that we live on the outside of it, some that we live on the inside, and some that there is no such thing as matter at all. However true or false these may be, the fact that we are here is self-evident. The work of seed-time and harvest has been faithfully performed by willing hands, and the husbandman may well look with satisfaction on the year's rich store and thank God for the golden fruits, the early and the latter rain. Our apple crop has been enormous; 3,000 bushels of choice pickt fruit, besides hundreds of bushels of windfalls. Labor on the farm, in the shop and barn is progressing along the lines of the Brethrens' necessity, and the Sisters are doing their best to keep the house in order according to sisterly devotion. 12 THE MANIFESTO. On the evening of Dec. 4th we had a magnificent Auioral display; at first the sky grew dull and gray, then a pink glow spread over it from which issued an army of emerald flames which heaved and trembled for a moment like frightened ghosts, then marcht majestically across the sky to make room for others. At their approach the very stars turned pale with surprise at so grand a phenomenon. That the Editor, and all the dear ones of the faith in New Hampshire and everywhere that our Communal homes are establisht may have a prosperous and a happy New Year, is the wish of all the members of our household, sent to you on the wires of love and union. Cora C. Vinneo Shakers, N. Y. Dec. 1896. By the time these Notes appear we will have past the festive seasons of Christmas and New Year. It is fitting that they should be seasons of rejoicing, especially to the little folks, for the one whose name and birth we celebrate, said 'Suffer little children to come unto me for of such is the kingdom of heaven.' Our Thanksgiving Day was observed by meeting in our home chapel. The theme of the service was that we realize the causes for our thanksgiving, by comparison with those who were needy and in bonds, and to pray that they may also be the recipients of those blessings which they need. We cast in our mite of appreciation and thankfulness to those in whose care The Manifesto is placed for its excellent typographical appearance and for the testimony of truth that has been manifest in its contributions. When we see the enormous amount of literature that is being placed before the reading public on every subject that can possibly interest them; the organizations that are supported by the free contributions of members who are largely of the working class; realizing the necessity of keeping before the public their manifestos, many of them publisht weekly, our prayer is that our Manifesto may fulfill its mission and that it may be sustained in advocating the truth of higher life. To all the readers of The Manifesto we send greetings, wishing them a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. Hamilton DeGraw Pleasant Hill, Ky. Dec. 1898. Beloved Gospel Kindred;—It is with kindly greetings that I go on my mission of love to greet the dear friends of our Communal home. My whole soul is interested in the peace and prosperity of God's people, who have consecrated their lives in honest endeavor for the good of humanity. Those who follow the spirit of Christ, in making a full sacrifice of all selfish relations, will be endowed with that love and charity, that will go far toward the saving of the world. It is now a lovely Sabbath morning and my spirit goes out to meet those dear souls, with whom it was my privilege to walk in 'Wisdom's ways of pleasantness,' before they past on, to enter the Father's house of many mansions. With what trusting love my whole life, became a part of their life, and their wisdom and loving kindness inspired me with a confidence that time can never change. Through faith, even at an early age, I made the gospel my choice, and became fully assured that it was the power of God unto salvation. With age came experience and I with many others still enjoy an unshaken faith in the fundamental principles of the gospel of Christ. O that trusting love that forms a tie; Too strong to break, too pure to die. Nancy L. Rupe Enfield, N. H. Dec. 1896. A happy and a prosperous New Year to all the readers of The Manifesto. We are pleased to chronicle that we had THE MAN1FES W. 13 the honor of entertaining our esteemed fellow-laborer, Elder Calvin G. Reed, of Mt. Lebanon. He was our guest for several days during the month of November and long will the occasion be remembered, for like the vaulted heavens with its myriad of stars, were the discourses delivered by him in our Sabbath and Thanksgiving services, rich in expression and soul goodness. He went among us as a minister of light and good cheer. We have also had the pleasure of entertaining several members of the Christian Endeavor Society of East Lebanon, and through the kindness of our friend Mrs. Jennie Paddleford, listened to an interesting report of their New Hampshire State Convention, held at Portsmouth, N. H. In compliance with the Governor's suggestion, we devoted November 26th to the giving of thanks for past and present blessings. In the evening we enjoyed a pleasant and profitable season, in which the literary and musical ability of the younger members had the effect to cheer and edify the minds of all present. Freighted with blessings has been the past year, prompting us to be wisely diligent in following the example of the arisen Christ, with 'hands at work and hearts to God,' endeavor to entwine about the lives of others, laurel wreaths of love, bedewed with Heaven's spirit of purity. George Baxter East Canterbury, N. H Dec. 1896. 'Time without end.' There need not be so much anxiety about the time, as about the use that we make of the time. Faithful in duty toward God and man, will inevitably bring the reward of 'Well done.' We have past our 'Thanksgiving;' enjoyed our religious service; sat in the seat of the gastronomer and are now anticipating the coming Christmas. Winter is with us but as yet, no snow and but little ice. The singing birds have all gone to their southern homes, but we still have left to us the blackest of Crows, the beautiful Blue Jay, the incessant chatter of a Sparrow and the social, little Chickadee. For all of these we give special thanks. H. C. Blinn