NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. November. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1895. 39.93 3.75in. 3in. 1896. 42.67 2.125' 4' Highest Temp, during this mo. 64. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 14 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 5 ' snowy ' ' ' 2 ' clear ' ' ' 13 'cloudy' ' ' 10 V. G. Reed. Dec. 1896. Cold weather and frost has sealed up the tilling of the soil so that the major part of the work has to be done under shelter. Cutting and drawing wood for fuel, and journeying to exchange goods and fruit for money are the chief requisitions for out-of-door work. As Florida contains a part of our family interest and members; for want of home incidents that are perfected enough to be put in print, I will supply the deficiency with a sketch of proceeding in the Olive Branch Florida. Spiritually they are making progress by some ingathering, and some more in anticipation. One man additional, John T. Roberts. He will occupy the Peterson House and he expects quite a number to follow him. There are some others in anticipation. In temporalities their success is markt. They have set and are setting 63 guava bushes. 125 good peach trees. Banana promising. 100 peach to set. 40 orange trees. 6 grape fruit trees. 10 Japan per- simmon. Henry has set out some grape and scuppernong vines, the latter to cover an arbor 70ft. long by 10ft. wide. One third acre of rice 5ft. tall. An addition has been added to the house, 15x16 ft. and two stories high. The rooms are suitable for angels to dwell in. 'Our bouse is the color of old gold.' So say they. Calvin G. Reed North Family Dec. 1896. Our proud old earth has successfully wheeled itself through the zodiacal signs of 1896 and does not seem to be discouraged at beginning another round. Some say that we live on the outside of it, some that we live on the inside, and some that there is no such thing as matter at all. However true or false these may be, the fact that we are here is self-evident. The work of seed-time and harvest has been faithfully performed by willing hands, and the husbandman may well look with satisfaction on the year's rich store and thank God for the golden fruits, the early and the latter rain. Our apple crop has been enormous; 3,000 bushels of choice pickt fruit, besides hundreds of bushels of windfalls. Labor on the farm, in the shop and barn is progressing along the lines of the Brethrens' necessity, and the Sisters are doing their best to keep the house in order according to sisterly devotion. 12 THE MANIFESTO. On the evening of Dec. 4th we had a magnificent Auioral display; at first the sky grew dull and gray, then a pink glow spread over it from which issued an army of emerald flames which heaved and trembled for a moment like frightened ghosts, then marcht majestically across the sky to make room for others. At their approach the very stars turned pale with surprise at so grand a phenomenon. That the Editor, and all the dear ones of the faith in New Hampshire and everywhere that our Communal homes are establisht may have a prosperous and a happy New Year, is the wish of all the members of our household, sent to you on the wires of love and union. Cora C. Vinneo