THE LESS ARE BLEST OF THE BETTER By Oliver C. Hampton THE great law running through the universe, by which the Less (or weaker and less experienced,) are blest of the Better (or stronger, and more experienced;) and which comprehends in its restful embrace the vast and sublime Order of Parent-hood, seems to me to contain the surest foundation for the salvation of all souls. Viewing it in this way, I am resolved to stand on this foundation and practically look to the same, for my peace and well-being here and hereafter. Even supposing I may reach a period hereafter in my experience, wherein I shall feel the direct force of no lawexternal to myself; still I shall know that through the power of an intangible attraction, of this same great law, I am calmly and securely held in its preserving embrace. Tho I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil; for thy rod and thy staff, (my Father and my Mother—the Paternal Parent-hood,) they comfort me. This spiritual law, incarnated in Jesus and Ann, descends to any and all their followers, who are, or may be at any time called to care for, and watch over in a parental capacity, the members of Christ's Body, the Church of his establishing long ago, so that the sublime scripture prophecy sung by the rapt Isaiah in the days of yore, is literally fulfilled to all intents and purposes viz., and a man shall be as an hiding place from the wind, and a covert from the tempest; as rivers of water in a dry place, as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land. I believe that the theory above indicated, is the process of evolution, by 4 THE MANIFESTO. 5 which man is brought into the spiritual or new birth; and there is no other name given under heaven, whereby we may be saved. It is evident from the character of the Apostolic Church that this is the process Jesus resorted to in its formation and establishment. And being bound up in the same bundle of life, why should not we thus help one another to the blessings of Eternal life ? It is foolish for any to hope to enter Heaven alone, leaving his fellow beings behind for he shall never attain to perfect felicity while one individual remains outside. This entire independence of one man above another, is nothing but egotistic nonsense. Suppose there was no other individual on the earth but himself? Where then would his enjoyment of existence come from? Where would his thousand blessings, both temporal and spiritual come from ? Where then would sympathy with his sorrows and agonies come from? Alas! They would come from where? Man would be but a lonely iceberg, careering through the Arctic solitudes of his own hideous selfishness. The constant cry of these enlightened spiritual and metaphysical reformers is, 'You must not depend on anything but your own majestic self, and the infinitesimal portion of the Eternal God that is incarnated in you.' There is surely no principle of organization in this theory—no plan whereby the talents of each may be made to accrue to the greatest blessing and advantage of all. It is foolishness to say, that an individual out from under the control of his natural parents, is therefore literally independent of any of his fellow beings ; directly or remotely;—for the government of his country immediately fathers and mothers him. And the great Father and Mother of universal goodness is back of the government. And as I am convinced, that it is through the instrumentality of this great principle of organization, that we are to reach the highest states of happiness and perfection:—and as I am convinced that this actually is the great wheel of all evolution ; I am resolved to live thereby, and go on from degree to degree, until I reach the haven of eternal rest. Union Village, O.