THE SOURCE OF PERFECTION By Henry Hallett DO we not believe that the Great God and Father of all, whose love created this humanity of ours; who regards each member of this fallen race as a son ; who has implanted in the heart of man his own great love of perfection, is in the tend /rest sympathy with the yearning after perfection, and has come to the rescue of his fallen children? It was his will, the good pleasure of his will, to bring many sons unto glory; to fulfill this desire for perfection; to bestow upon each soul the gift that should enable him to attain completeness in the life of the individual, and of Society, by practicing self-denial and living a life of Christ. H s body, inhabited by the Eternal Spirit, that shows man where and how he may attain that perfection for which he had so earnestly, so long, and so in- effectually cried out and striven. And, as the Epislie to the Hebrews tells us, it is in the Sou, the perfect God, and the perfect Man,—that man can only find his perfection—a perfection, inorever, which, as we see it in Jesus Christ, is not only the possession of an Eternal holiness and completeness as God—not a flawless, unblemisht human sinlessness, but the perfection of a manhood brought to its maturity through the experience of a discipline which was learned in a school of suffering. The Captain, the Author of our salvation, was made perfect through suffering. As he himself more than once said,—Thus it is written, and thus it behooved the Christ to suffer and to enter into his Glory. That sinless human nature of his was brought to its maturity, trained to become perfect and complete in will, experience and affection by enduring and submitting to all humiliation, learning obedience by the things that he suffered; and so he, for himself, was perfected, rising to height after height of spiritual progress in patience, meekness, submission of will, until he was crowned with all perfection. This, not for himself alone, but that his followers might see their pattern, might through him receive that grace and power that should bring them to the glory of perfection. Is there one reader who longs for perfection and is conscious of the incompleteness of human life as it is, who realizes how full the great mass of humanity is of evil—physical, moral, social, spiritual—and who yearns to reach a high ideal in the home, and in his own soul; who longs to stretch 10 THE MANIFESTO. out a helping hand to raise others ? Let him turn away from the impotent, isolated efforts of the mere natural man; from the disappointing and conflicting struggles of self-constituted reformers; from the philosophies of the worldly wise, and the fantastic experiments of enthusiasts, to the one divine1 ly-given means of perfection. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y..