Books &amp; Papers For Peace or War—Which? For Peace or War—Which? An address by Ellen Goodell Smith, M. D. Those who are interested in the subject of 'Peace on Earth,' will also be interested in the perusal of this peace loving address. 'A thousand years hence, or less, the people of earth will look upon our shafts of granite, and terrible arsenals, the torn and battered flags and war equipments, battle ships and war histories and tales of Libbey and Andersonville, our traffic in slaves, and Sunday School church brigades, with feelings akin to our own, as we look backward upon the relics of the dark and middle ages.' Publisht at Dwight, Mass. Price 10 cts. Green's Greek-English Lexicon, To the New Testament Green's Greek-English Lexicon, To the New Testament. This is a small work of some two hundred pages, and yet it contains several thousand words and may be obtained at the trifling expense of thirty-five cents. The Preface to this little work is from the pen of H. L. Hastings, who writes, 'This Greek Concordance obviates the necessity for an exhaustive citation of the passages containing any particular Greek word, and brings us back to the proper sphere of a Lexicon, as a book defining the words contained in the language.' Publisht by H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. Whatever may be said about the publications of Rev. Irl R. Hicks by those who do not fully understand the facts, there is no denying the truth that his paper and Almanac have come to stay. His splendid journal, Word and Works, is now entering its tenth year, largely increast in circulation and in every way improved, until it deserves the national reputation it has attained. His 1897 Almanac is now ready and is by far the finest and most beautiful he has yet issued. It contains 108 pages, including cover artistically printed in colors, and is filled from back to back with just what is wanted in every shop, office and home in America. One feature of the Almanac for 1897 is a series of 12 original, beautifully engraved star maps, with explanatory chapters, which could not be bought for less than five dollars in any work on astronomy. As Mr. Hicks has so correctly and faithfully warned the public of coming droughts, floods, cold waves, blizzards, tornadoes and cyclones, in the years past, aside from the other varied and splendid features of his paper and Almanac, these considerations alone should prompt every family to subscribe at once for 1897. The Almanac is only 25 cts. a copy. Word and Works is one dollar a year, and a copy of the fine Almanac goes as a premium with every yearly subscription. Write to Word and Works Publishing Co. St. Louis, Mo. The twelfth annual issue of the Columbia Pad Calendar has made its appearance in more pleasing form than ever before, having scattered through its daily leaves many charming illustrations, with an appropriate thought or verse for each day in the year. Among the topics are bicycling, outdoor lit , and good roads. The cycling fraternity, to say nothing of the general public, has acquired a decidedly friendly feeling for the Columbia Calendar, and its annual advent is always lookt forward to with interest mid pleasure. The 1897 calendar contains a unique arrange- ment of dates that will prove very helpful and convenient to busy men, and plenty of space is allowed for memoranda, so that the block may be used as a diary, or in any event will become a storehouse of the many little things one desires to be reminded of day by day. The twelfth edition is bright with contributions from friends and riders of the Columbia bicycle, for such a host of friends has the calendar acquired that it has become a custom- ary practice for wheelmen all over the country to jot down their best thoughts and in- spirations after the exhilarating influence of a Columbia ride and send them in to brighten the calendar's pages. In addition, the moon's phases are indicated for the benefit of those who wish to know the best time for night riding. One feature of the calendar is its neat stau 1, so arranged that the block can either oe used upon the desk or hung upon the wall. The calendar can be obtained for five twocent stamps b5' addressing the Calendar De- partment of the Pope Manufacturing Company at Hartford, Conn. An even excellence makes the good things which The Ladies' Home Journal promises unusually interesting and strong. The list is long and sturdy. One series of papers alone would sell the magazine; that is, the three White House articles which ex-l'resident Harrison is to write. No man has ever done what General Harrison will do in these articles; show us what 'A Day With the President at His Desk' means in one article; in another tell of 'The Social Life of the President,' and in a third article describe 'Upstairs Life in the White House.' Each of the articles will be profusely illustrated. Another series equally fascinating is the one called 'Great Personal Events,' in which some of the greatest enthusiasms which have occurred in America will be revived; those wonljrful times when Louis Kossuth rode up Broadway ; when the young Prince of Wales was here; when Jenny Lind sang in Castle Garden ; when Henry Ward Beecher electrified his congregation by selling slaves in his pulpit; when Grant went round the world; when Henry Clay bade farewell to the senate; when John Wesley preached in Georgia, of which so few know. All these memorable events and others will be vividly recalled, told more graphically than ever before, and illustrated 16 THE MANIFESTO. with pictures which have occupied twelve artiftsforoverayear. A third series is unique and valu: ble from the fact that it will give women scores of ideas for their homes. It will reveal what there is 'Inside of a Hundred American Homes,' and cerefully reproduce pictures of one hundred completely-furnisht rooms in homes in this country—from Maine to California—where taste has gone farther than money. Two new department writers have also been exclusively engaged by the Journal; Mrs. S. T. Rorer, who will hereafter have entire charge of the domestic department and give a series of cooking lessons, and Dwight L. Moody, the famous evangelist, who is to put the result of his life study of the Bible in a department entitled 'Mr. Moody's Bible Class.' The artist Charles Dana Gibson, who treated the Gibson girl, will present six full page pictures showing 'The People of Dickens,' while Alice Barber Stephens will alternate with Mr. Gibson and present her idea of Six Types of American Womanhood,' showing the American woman in society, in religion, in business, in summer, in the home, and as a mother. Mary E. Wilkins, the New England writer, will revive the old quiltingparty, the ancient singing-school and the apple-paring bee in 'The Pleasures of Our Neighborhood.' Sir Henry Irving is to tell how to study, read and present 'Shakespeare in Small Communities.' Tosti, the song writer, will give his first piano composition. Sir Arthur Sullivan is to present the first true and correct copy of 'The Lost Chord' ever printed in America. Reginald DeKoven, John Philip Sousa and Jakobowski (who wrote Erminie,') have each written a waltz, while Ira D. Sankey has composed a hymn which he considers greater than his famous 'Ninety and Nine.' Ian Maclaren will have a story, while Herbert D. Ward's humorous serial, 'The Burglar Who Moved Paradise,' will run through the year, followed by Hamlin Garland's new novelette, 'The Spirit of Sweetwater.' Jenny Lind's daughter is to sketch 'My Mother as I Recall Her,' while George W. Smalley is to show 'The Personal Side of Bismarck,' and 'The Personal Side of the Prince of Wales' in two lavishly-illustrated articles. Altogether, no magazine gives a list of attractions so interesting and promising as does The Ladies' Home Journal, and certainly no periodical does it, as does the Journal, for only one dollar per year. If it lias become a fad, as it seems, for every girl and woman to take this magazine, it is an excellent one, and, unlike many other fads, a sensible one. The Journal is publisht by The Curtis Publishing Company, of Philadelphia. The Phrenological Journal and Science or Health for December, opens with the Phrenological character of Horace F. Brown, of Michigan. This article is prefaced with a beautiful illustration. Then follows Auntie J's story of a poor little boy. Phrenotypes with mirthful illustrations, is the kind of Phrenology that interests many readers. A quartette of writers by Jessie A. Fowler, illustrated with portraits of Rev. John Watson, James M. Barrie, Mrs. Humphrey Ward and the late Wm. Morris. No. 5 of Phrenology and Psychology by John W. Shull. Children precious and promising by Nelson Sizer. This is beautifully illustrated. A large number of excellent articles beside those that have been mentioned, may be found in this number of the Journal. Publisht by Fowler &amp; Wells Co. 27 East 21st St. New York City. The Order of the King's Daughters and Sons is described in an interesting and well illustrated article in Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly for January. The author is Louise Seymour Houghton, one of the leading spirits in the organization. It contains portraits of the principal officers and many attractive views. Another important paper in this number is one on Bryn Mawr College, by Madeline Vaughan Abbott, Secretary of that institution. It is the third article of the series on 'American Universities and Colleges,' and is profusely illustrated with interior and exterior views of the buildings. General Thomas L. Rosser contributes an able article on 'Personal Traits of Robert E. Lee, and there are papers on 'Canoeing Down the Rhine,' 'The Egyptian Army,' 'The Philippine Islands,' and 'Among the Waikato Maoris,' all spendidly illustrated. Frank Lee Farnell, the editor of the magazine, writes of 'Books as Christmas Presents;' there is some interesting matter about plays and players; several excellent short stories are given, with an installment of Edith Sessions Tupper's fascinating serial, 'Father John,' and the young folk's department is as attractive as ever. The Record is indebted to Elder Greaves for a copy of a prettily bound volume entitled Mount Lebanon Cedar Boughs, being a collection of original poems written by members of the North family of Shakers. There are 315 pieces in the book and their uniform technical excellence is perhaps the most striking thing about them, A great many of them are carefully written sonnets, several in the Shakesperian style, and there are all varieties of metres. The verses show the study of good models. Very naturally most of them are of a pensive, religious character, and there is scarcely a gleam of humor in any. The influence of Bryant can be traced in some of the poems of nature and this excellent sonnet to his memory appears on page 274: — A century's close dims not thy glorious fame, Thou loyal son of brave New England sires, THE MANIFESTO. Who at their lie-artli-stones kimllecl freedom's fires \ And won by valorous deeds mi honored name A noblo lineage holds thee in claim; Thy soul was cradled 'neaththese forest spires Where 'God's First Temples' wakened high desires, And inspiration fanned Faith's sacred flames Thy dream of youth in 'Thanatopsis' given Into thy closing daya its beauty wrought, And gave thee access to a loftier heaven Than is by creed or cringing error brought. All honor to thy blessed memory, Longlive the praise of thy sweet minstrelsy! Publisht by Peter Paul Book Co. of Buffalo, N. Y. Price of book $1.00. From Berkshire Sun, Pitisfield, Mass. De. James M. Peebles is now on Ms third voyage around the world. He has just past his seventy-fifth birthday, and is in the enjoyment of the best of health. He says, 'During this voyage we shall take in Honolulu, the Feejees, New Zealand and Australia, the East Indies, Siam, Malacca, Johora, Ceylon, India, Persia, Egypt, Palestine, Southern Europe, Rome andParis to London.' Dr. Peebles will be absent one year or more. We shall wish for him much health and happiness, and a safe return to his American home.