BANGOR, ME. OCT.4, 1896 Elder Henry;—With much interest I have read youf article in the Oct. Manifesto, 'Life in the Light.' To me it has the right ring to it. How true the saying, 'How very little is known correctly concerning us or our Community.' This is a very sad confession to make af- ter being in existence for over one hundred years. It goes to show the lack of the true Christ spirit and the disobedience to his injunction, 'Go preach the gospel to every creature.' You have been praying for nearly fifty years for an increase, for a tidal wave to flow to you from the outside world to fill up your scattered and broken ranks, and why has not your prayer been answered? The reason is very apparent as God never helps only those that help themselves. You have prayed and trusted in God to do the rest, instead of going to work to have your prayers answered. Prayers amount to nothing without works, any more than faith does. When all the Societies combined, go to work in earnest with all sincerity to spread the gospel light of true salvation to the world, then that prophesy will come to pass, 'They will flow to you like doves to the windows.' If each Society had done no more than I have done for the last twenty years by putting their literature before the world, they would be much better known to-day than they are. I have been a subscriber to your little gospel messenger ever since its first issue and have bought many extras; have put a wrapper and a stamp on them and on all my subscription numbers, and have sent them out to do missionary work, without money or price, because I had an interest in the cause, believing it to be the only true way of salvation. 14 THE MANIFESTO. If all the Societies had been less absorbed in the root of all evil, and more interested in the spread of the light of gospel truth, there would not be that dearth there is among them now. The only way for the Shakers to be better known, is for them to flood the world with their literature without money or price, 'Cast thy bread upon the waters, and thou .shalt find it after many days.' Let all the Societies contribute what each can afford, more or less, for a missionary purpose, do your part to put the gospel light before the world and leave the rest with the Heavenly Host. My desire is, th it the Shakers would wake up to this most important matter and go to work in real earnest. Now seems to be the time to sow the good seed. I will do what little I can in my humble way to this end. Let all the true servants of the Lord, let their light shine into the darkness of error. Where light penetrates, darkness disappears, passes away into the eternal light. Yours Fraternally, Simon Emery