THE GOSPEL OF PURITY. By Charles Jay Maclaughlin, ^ are the pure in heart for they shall see God,' is the most JLJ) beautiful and the most blessed of all the beatitudes. Purity is the basis of all goodness, truth, beauty and strength as well as of all real civilization. God is love and love is purity itself. The practical value and importance of this gospel of purity becomes more apparent every day in these times of degenerate morals. Men and women in the world of progressive and aspiring tendencies, see it to be the pearl of great price, the stone which the builders of so-called civilization having rejected, must become the head of the corner. A nation is great in proportion to the purity of its citizens and when general degeneracy and profligacy prevail, the nation's doom is sealed as was notably instanced in the Grecian and Roman empires. Since the fall of man, howev- er, we have been without that spotless purity which was the gift of the gods, the race having inherited the mark of the beast, and, as a consequence, all human efforts at self-government have been ignominious failures. The prophet Daniel interpreted Nebuchadnezzar's dream of the four kingdoms which were to be destroyed and succeeded by the kingdom which the God of h aven should set up and which should never be destroyed because founded on the chastity of Christ. This kingdom had its foundation in the mission of Mother Ann who laid the ax at the root of the tree, in her testimony against all the works of the serpent. Paul says : 'For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid which is Jesus Christ,' whom Mother Ann acknowledged to be her head and Lord. No one but God could lay such a foundation. He sent his only Son into the world that the world through him might be saved. The chaste life is not and can not be sustained by mere mental determination, and by this life we mean of course, the pure, virgin life of thought. Intellectual celibacy is sure some day to meet its Waterloo. 'Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord.' By the spirit alone, then, can we sustain that purity which is the food of angels. All the afflictions that flesh is heir to, are traceable to the serpent, whether they be of war, famine, pestilence or poverty. It is the sensual gratification that robs mankind of that indispensable prop to true, living, pure love. Love is the fulfilling of the law, and purity of thought and of life, brings forth fruits of love, while impurity generates hate. If mankind were bereft of all purity, by the entire withdrawal of the Christ Spirit, the race would destroy itself. It is the gospel of purity, not 'the blood of Jesus,' that must be the battle-cry of the next great religious army to sweep over the world, calling many to shine as the brightness of the firmament and turn many to righteousness as foretold by the Prophet. It is this everlasting gospel, to be proclaimed to all peoples, nations and tongues, that will snatch mankind from the yawning chasm of sin which threatens to engulf all. It is only by the power of the spirit of Christ that humanity may be cleansed from the leprosy of sin. Every one truly called to the higher life is a witness for truth. Only by the daily cross, where religion is an ever present reality and not a Sabbath specialty, can the spirit and power of the gospel so well up in the human soul as to draw all men unto it. Those who are called to this life, have a great privilege in Zion. To be a good Shaker involves purity, humility, gentleness, long-suffering, loving-kindness and industry. To reach that point in the growth of the soul where the things which are real, are clearly discerned to be the things which are eternal and the visible to be but the outward expression of the invisible, is to grasp and cherish the divine and drink at that fountain of eternal love which never faileth. John wrote: 'We know that we have past from death unto life because we love the brethren. He that loveth not his brother abideth in death.' This sentiment should be the expression of every dweller in Zion. This is a love the world knows not of, because it manies and is given in marriage. By no other gospel than that of purity can mankind be lifted to those supernal heights where there is neither sighing nor crying and where they learn war no more. 'To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the hidden manna and I will give him a white stone, and in the stone a new name written, which no man knoweth saving he that receiveth it.' Mount Lebanon, N. Y.