West Pittsfield, Mass. Jan. 1897. Since our last call at the 'Home Corner,' the holidays have come and gone, with all their messages of love and courage. We have exchanged the 'Merry Christmas' greetings, and have felt the renewal of the Christ spirit, a new birth into the divine life, so many years ago personified. The New Year has presented us its sealed volume, and as we commence the daily writing, we resolve to follow closely each line of the divine copy, that each day present a well written page in the year's history. Tho we know not how difficult may be the lessons on the pages that follow, yet with true Christian faith to control and direct, we will endeavor to pen each page with care. Snow has not been very plentiful with us as yet. At present there are a few lone flakes, wandering in an aimless, bewildered manner through the air, as tho uncertain that they had appeared in the right place, and finally falling to the earth and disappearing from sight. The channel of life, connecting our world with that above, is flowing smoothly at present. We feel daily the blessings borne on its waters, to us, and our gratitude flows back in an equally warm and bountiful current to the wise Giver of these blessings. Still amid its ebbs and tides, which once in a while, rise above the daily mark and threaten our coast, one has visited us by the illness of Br. Ira. We trust it will break and roll back to the sea, foaming and bright, for the greater force of its action. Our hope and earnest prayer is, that our loved Brother may soon recover. Yet not selfishly would we desire it alone, but that we might see him free from the suffering which his illness involves. We see in the morning, the sturdy teams ascending the rugged mountain sides, and judge that the wood-choppers are wielding their axes to advantage. Cruel indeed, as when in the early colonial days, men were mercilessly snatched from their native homes, by the greedy invaders; these kingly trees are torn from their forest homes, to be slaves of their owners. We hesitate about sending our New Year greeting when we look at the calendar which says '10 days past,' but reading further, we find, 'to come, 355,' and conclude that a sufficient number of days are left before the year grows old. So to all gospel kindred, far and near, from the rugged mountain home, to the leyel plains, we extend our best wishes for a happy and blessed New Year. Fidelia Estabroolc.