The foundation of the Shaker Society is the Spirit of Peace. The Pure in Heart, Separation from the World, Confession of Sin and United Inheritance. By Henry C. Blinn. A SOCIETY or Community of Shakers, is a religious body for the promotion of the spiritual interests of the Brethren and Sisters. Its government is through rules and regulations that are consistent with reason, with the free agency of man and with the gospel of Jesus, the Christ. For its foundation, it has the principles of godliness. This includes a separation from the spirit of the world, and the dedication of the body and soul to God. Jesus has said, 'Ye are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.' 'My kingdom is not of this world.' It presents the spirit of peace and teaches us that Christians can not fight with carnal weapons, in the destruction of human life. 'Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God.' Human governments are the governments of this world, in which we find all the elements of selfishness as well as of strife and contention, and we have learned that these can not operate in harmony with the pure spirit of Christ. 'Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God,' hence, the great care which should be exercised in keeping honest and unspotted from the world. Through this, the whole man is brought under a discipline which shall have regard to the words he speaks, to the daily actions of life, and even to the very thoughts. 'We are not called,' says the apostle, 'unto uncleanm'ss, but unto holiness, without which no man can see the Lord.' As the mission of the Christ spirit is for the cleansing and salvation of the soul, we learn from the Scriptures and from experience, that an honest confession of all sin to God, in the presence of his witnesses, is a saving grace. 'He that covereth his sins shall not prosper,' is quite universally understood, as well as by the word of the good apostle, '11 we confe&amp;s our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.' To be wholly cleansed from ail unrighteousness, should be the earnest prayer of the soul, as by this work of purification, we are made heirs of the promist inheritance. With this dedication, we accept the order which Jesus introduced among his disciples, and which was more freely and fully carried into practical operation by his faithful followers, at the time of the pentecostal feast. Jesus and the twelve disciples, were the first persons that ever formed a spiritual order, which was actualized in their lives, as the principle of United Inheritance, or in other words, a Community of consecrated Interest. 'Go sell all thou hast, give it to the poor, then come and follow me,' was the spirit of the first church. As an encouragement to those who would forsake all that belongs to a private, selfish interest for the kingdom of heaven's sake, Jesus promist an abundance in this world, and in the world to come, Eternal Life. By these promises and through this hope, we are enabled to consecrate our lives to the religious and social interests of the Community.