Books and Papers. Popular Monthly A particularly bright and attractive number of Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly is that for February. It has a long list of good articles and capital short stories, and almost Aktin the Class Room, The Workshop and j The Home, is a new illustrated Monthly from j the Art Pub. Co. of New York. 'Art in the house,' will treat of The Principles of Home Decorations and their practical application; artistic, yet inexpensive furniture, fitments, draperies, embroideries, etc, and in a word, all that goes to make The House Beautiful. Address Art Pub. Co. 411 Pearl St. New York City, N. Y. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for February, has a welcome notice of the Hon. John Wannamaker, by Prof. Nelson Sizer. A careful reading of the article would prove valuable to any one. Two Noble Birthdays : the 12th and the 22nd of February. The first will bring to remembrance the birth of Abraham Lincoln and the other, that of George Washington. Phrenotypes No. 8, by Prof. Dray ton, makes a very interesting study. English men of note by Jessie A. Fowler, introduces us to some of the foremost English Barristers. Locality, by Prof. Sizer, will be interesting to a great many readers and may be to those who will get lost before they go a half mile from home. Physical culture has the portrait of Sandow and that of itself, is a powerful chapter of illustration. Child Culture, is a story of the 'Precious and Promising,' and beautifully illustrated, as are many of the other articles. Publish! by Fowler &amp; Wells Co. 27 East 21st St. New York City, N. Y. The Pulpit The Pulpit for January, publishes a longlist of Contributions for 1897. Almost every Protestant denomination is represented, so that on the subject of sermons, it would seem that every reader might take the acceptable message, even tho it be to call the seventh day his Sabbath. In the Magazine for Janiiary, will be found an abundance of religious instruction by President John S. Stahr; Rev. S. L. Stiver; Rev. F. B. Meyer; Dean Mallett and Rev. J. T. Ward. Publisht by G. Holzapfel, Cleona, Pa. Humanity Humanity for February is full of interestingarticles. A special feature of this magazine, is the illustrated poetical articles so full of suggestions and win0!1 can not be found in any other publication. Publisht by Humanity, Kansas City, Mo. at 50 cts. a year.