NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average Weather at Mt. Lebanon. January. Thermometer. Kain. Snow. 1896. 21.9 .625 in. 5 in. 1897. 23.68 .75 ' 18.5 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 54. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 8 below ' -Number of rainy days ' ' 2 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 7 ' clear ' ' ' 5 'cloudy' ' ' 17 C. G. Heed. North Family. Feb. 1897. Through a drizzling rain we again went to the Church to attend meeting. Our meetings there are always fraught with a living inspiration. We realize that we have indeed 'One Lord, one faith and one baptism' and feel the bonds of union strengthened in sustaining our precious cause. Our family gatherings also abound with food for spiritual, intellectual and social needs. In temporal affairs we have nothing unusual to report. Duties incident to the season are carried along by willing hands and devoted hearts. When prime apples are taken over mountain roads and delivered at $1.00 per. bbl. straw and oClier farm produce at corresponding rates, it is quite easy for us to understand the apparent cause of the thousands of mortgaged or deserted farms. Many students of Political Economy agree that the real cause lies in those vast systems of monopoly which will be impossible when the land, like air and sunlight, shall become the birthright of the people. May not the same necessities which will compel the masses to co-operate for mutual blessing, also urge those within our Order to take measures for a breader communism and fuller manifestation of Christian brotherhood? As a people are we not suffering from a narrow-mindedness and lack of spiritual faith in many among us who are not developt to an appreciation of the spirit of our founders or a capacity to grasp the principles and work understanding^ for their increase? We exist not as a sect, an institution or a community, but as a Church; therefore the sources of our life must be spiritual. With the injunction to 'Seek first the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness' was given the promise that 'all other things should be added.' Have we ever yet suffered any lack in the latter when we had been faithful in the former? God is just and his laws are unchanging. Catherine Allen. Shakers, N. Y. Feb. 1897. Whatever an individual has his mind firmly fixed upon, he is determined to attain. Many times circumstances make it impossible as regards our material life for success to come, but in the spiritual realm the forces that operate and are dominant there, move with a, reliableness which leaves no place for doubt as to the final result, and while viewing it in this light it is pleasant to note the interest which is growing to present advanced truths; those that pertain especially to the evolvement of the Divine life and to have them unmixt as far as possible with creedal forms which reflect the development of the medium through which they are given. That our dear friends who have past over the mystic river come to us as ministering angels, impressing us witli thoughts and desires, many times beyond our normal comprehension, we believe. While perusing the Feb. Manifesto and noting the harmony of thought that pervaded it, we were imprest to say, Blessed are our gospel kindred! whether in the sunshine or walking through the valley or the shadow, we will fear no evil, for we are compast about by those spiritual forces that to the honest soul are a wall of protection. We are blest with health to perform our daily duties for which we render thanksgiving. While our aged Brethren and Sisters are preparing to lay their earthly burdens down it is joy to know that they have a blessed heritage who have grown up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. The winter up to present date Feb. 4th, has given us but very little snow, not enough for good sledding and now we are thinking how soon the time will come when preparations will be made to cultivate the soil. We can welcome the beautiful spring with its birds and flowers. Hamilton DeGraw.