GENERAL RULES. 1. A person uniting with a Community of Believers, must act freely and voluntarily. It requires but a moment's reflection to impress this fact upon the mind of the reader. Whatever is done, must be with a free-will for the benefit of the Society, and for the mutual protection of each other. We could not wish any one to enter into the relation of our Order, unless he considered it a privilege to accept the system of government which has been establisht for the peace and prosperity of the members. 2. An explicit statement of the faith and principles will be made to the enquirer, as we prefer to have all persons receive a correct representation of the general management of the Community. Too much care can not be exercised in this respect. No information is intentionally withheld from those who solicit a fellowship with the Order, and should an instance occur that admission into the Society has been obtained before the rules and regulations were fully understood, it must be attributed to the kick of enquiry. 3. We should not wish to exclude any class from fellowship with the Society that can give satisfactory evidence that they wish to become peacemakers, pure in heart, and followers of Christ in the regeneration. 4. The Society can not become responsible for debts contracted by persons, previous to their initiation into the Community ; nor after they become members, unless by agreement. 5. Any person becoming a member, must rectify all wrongs, and discharge all just and legal claims. We should prefer that every person would cancel his just debts, and live honorably and honestly within his income, and should give this advice to every one who contemplates a fellowship with our Society. 6. Probationary members ma}7 retain the lawful ownership of their property, but the interest accruing from said property, will be devoted to the benefit of the family in which they reside, until by their own free-will, and the consent of the Trustees, they shall consecrate it to the support of the Society. 7. No believing husband or wife should separate from an unbelieving partner, except by mutual agreement; unless the conduct of the unbeliever be such as to warrant a separation, by the laws of God and man. The husband or wife who has abandoned his or her companion, otherwise than as stated above, can not be received into communion with the Society. If we were to deviate from this salutary rule, in regard to the admission of members who have accepted the marital obligations, we should undoubtedly become peace-breakers instead of peace-makers. It is not our right to trespass upon the laws of the State, but we leave the parties to act according to the dictates of conscience. 8. Parents that enter the Society, having in charge one or more children, will be expected to conform to the rules and regulations of the family they enter. The general management of their children must be arranged by the officers of the Society. 0. Children are not taken under the immediate charge of the Society, except by the request or agreement of those who have the lawful right, together with the consent of the child. 10. It is expected that children admitted into the Society, will receive an education suitable for the general management of business. 11. In the government of the Society, no corporal punishment is approved nor any external violence exercised on any rational person who has come to years of understanding. If the law of love and kindness fails to work a reformation in the minds of either children or adults, it is very questionable if any corporal punishment could effect it. If a child can not be persuaded through kindness, it should be the duty of the Society to see that he is returned to the care of his parents or guardians. 12. A private correspondence with persons either in or out of the Society, is not admissible, as it will readily be seen that evil minded persons could seriously injure the Community.