NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average Weather at Mt. Lebanon. January. Thermometer. Kain. Snow. 1896. 21.9 .625 in. 5 in. 1897. 23.68 .75 ' 18.5 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 54. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 8 below ' -Number of rainy days ' ' 2 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 7 ' clear ' ' ' 5 'cloudy' ' ' 17 C. G. Heed. North Family. Feb. 1897. Through a drizzling rain we again went to the Church to attend meeting. Our meetings there are always fraught with a living inspiration. We realize that we have indeed 'One Lord, one faith and one baptism' and feel the bonds of union strengthened in sustaining our precious cause. Our family gatherings also abound with food for spiritual, intellectual and social needs. In temporal affairs we have nothing unusual to report. Duties incident to the season are carried along by willing hands and devoted hearts. When prime apples are taken over mountain roads and delivered at $1.00 per. bbl. straw and oClier farm produce at corresponding rates, it is quite easy for us to understand the apparent cause of the thousands of mortgaged or deserted farms. Many students of Political Economy agree that the real cause lies in those vast systems of monopoly which will be impossible when the land, like air and sunlight, shall become the birthright of the people. May not the same necessities which will compel the masses to co-operate for mutual blessing, also urge those within our Order to take measures for a breader communism and fuller manifestation of Christian brotherhood? As a people are we not suffering from a narrow-mindedness and lack of spiritual faith in many among us who are not developt to an appreciation of the spirit of our founders or a capacity to grasp the principles and work understanding^ for their increase? We exist not as a sect, an institution or a community, but as a Church; therefore the sources of our life must be spiritual. With the injunction to 'Seek first the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness' was given the promise that 'all other things should be added.' Have we ever yet suffered any lack in the latter when we had been faithful in the former? God is just and his laws are unchanging. Catherine Allen. Shakers, N. Y. Feb. 1897. Whatever an individual has his mind firmly fixed upon, he is determined to attain. Many times circumstances make it impossible as regards our material life for success to come, but in the spiritual realm the forces that operate and are dominant there, move with a, reliableness which leaves no place for doubt as to the final result, and while viewing it in this light it is pleasant to note the interest which is growing to present advanced truths; those that pertain especially to the evolvement of the Divine life and to have them unmixt as far as possible with creedal forms which reflect the development of the medium through which they are given. That our dear friends who have past over the mystic river come to us as ministering angels, impressing us witli thoughts and desires, many times beyond our normal comprehension, we believe. While perusing the Feb. Manifesto and noting the harmony of thought that pervaded it, we were imprest to say, Blessed are our gospel kindred! whether in the sunshine or walking through the valley or the shadow, we will fear no evil, for we are compast about by those spiritual forces that to the honest soul are a wall of protection. We are blest with health to perform our daily duties for which we render thanksgiving. While our aged Brethren and Sisters are preparing to lay their earthly burdens down it is joy to know that they have a blessed heritage who have grown up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. The winter up to present date Feb. 4th, has given us but very little snow, not enough for good sledding and now we are thinking how soon the time will come when preparations will be made to cultivate the soil. We can welcome the beautiful spring with its birds and flowers. Hamilton DeGraw. Enfield, N. H. Feb. 1897. until the New Year had well advanced, could we say that we were having real winter weather. Mercury has fallen twenty below zero, and snow enough to afford good sledding for our hired help to draw logs from the surrounding hills to the amount of fifty thousand feet of lumber, also one hundred and fifty cords of fire wood. Yea, 'flowers are beautiful,' and they are not 'non-essentials.' God, through them speaks to humanity of things good and pure. Even the fine frost lace-work interwoven in the branches of the trees and shrubs remind us of God's creative power, also of the powers within, consistent thought and will-power that maketh beauty and fineness of life, like unto the exquisite work of the Infinite fiostmaker. We were pleased to read the remarks of Elder Giles in Elder Calvin's last note. Our spirit friends an 1 those of earth's inhabitants who have become spiritually illuminated know that before the brilliant curtain of human artificiality, life is dramatized in phases not real and pure. And should not professing Christians be as 'Battle Axes?' with voice, examples and pen, to cut away the evil that good may grow? Ah! if we would keep our sight upon the beautiful rain-bow of promise that spans' our life, 'Lo, I am with you always,' life's duties would be less irksome, and the halo of Christ's spiritual presence would prove sufficient strength to sustain through all burden and trial. Aye, if every soul burdened with grief Would seek in social communion relief, There would be less ingratitude and pain, Less censure, evil striving and disdain, In hearts where should exist naught but true love, As wise as the serpent, mild as the dove. George II. Baxter. Pleasant Hill, Ky. Feb. 1897. We had beautiful weather till the night of the 24th of January the mercury then dropt to 6 deg. below zero. The next day it was 9 deg. below with two inches of snow. The weather soon became warmer and most of the snow disappeared. Our ice-houses are filled with good ice, one inch thick. Nancy L. Rupe. Not Shirley, Mass Feb. 1897. Good health prevails. Are enjoying a call from Elder George Wilcox, of Enfield, Conn., who notwithstanding recent losses by fire, is bright and cheerful as usual; reports all well at his home. Tho tempest tost and sadly shorn, Our barque in safety shall be borne, And we to peaceful rest, shall come Mid shouts of Glory! Glory! Home. John Whiteley. West Pittsfield, Mass. Feb. 1897. Little February, altho the shortest of the Year's children, should not be slighted we think, for great size does not always increase value, nor length of time insure happiness, and does she not bring to us some of the brightest, merriest days? During her stay she extends many invitations to those who delight in sleigh-riding and her merry bells are heard tinkling merrily on the air. We gaze on the newly fallen snow, after a night of busy work by the snow fairies, and we think how like it is to the lives of true Christians, whose kindly deeds, falling as quietly as the snow-flakes, cover all around them with brightness, making the dark places light and changing the dreary mountains to immense mounds of beauty brightening all with which they come in contact and proving true, that the steepest difficulties, once surmounted and beautified, become the greatest blessings. Eldress Marion from Canaan, called here with her four little girls for a few hours' enjoyment, and we were glad to feel her genial, motherly presence. Last week huge cakes of clear, crystal ice, were conveyed from nature's refrigerator, up among the hills to a more permanent one, in the valley. It was of excellent quality, being about fourteen inches thick, and plentiful in quantity, giving about two hundred tons. La Grippe, of past renown, has been trying to renew old acquaintances, and form new ones, in our family, and, like the 'Spider and the Fly,' famous in rhyme, if not reality, many have fallen victim to his endearments and become entrapt, much to their sorrow, but none have become so closely wound but that exit was possible. Brother Ira, we think has taken a start on the road to recovery, and tho the progress is slow, we trust it is sure. Anxious friends are for furnishing this road with resting places, and smoothing and levelling as much as possible. Yet withal it is a weary journey, and we look to our Guide who we know is 'able to keep us from falling.' Fidelia Estabrook.