THE SHAKERS. GOVERNMENT OF THE SOCIETY. By Henry C. Blinn. AS it would be impossible for a Community to maintain harmony, without a system of rules and regulations, it has been found necessary to appoint directors over the several departments. The Covenant * belonging to the Order, determines clearly and fully the course to be pursued, both for the establishment and perpetuity of the several departments and their officers. THE MINISTRY. This Order consisting of Brethren and Sisters, is the leading authority of the Society. Extracts from the Covenant. ARTICLE I. Section III. 'It becomes the special duty of the Ministry to guide and superintend the spiritual concerns of the Society as a body of people under their care and government, and in connection with the Elders in their respective families and departments, who shall act in union with them, to give and establish such orders, rules and regulations as may be found necessary for the government and protection of the Church and Society within the limits of their jurisdiction, and also to counsel, advise and judge in all matters of importance, whether spiritual or temporal. * Church Covenant, Price .05 cts. The said Ministry are also invested with authority in connection with the Elders as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint to office, Ministers, Elders, Deacons and Trustees, and to assign offices of care and trust to such Brethren and Sisters as they, the said Ministry and Elders shall judge to be best qualified for the several offices to which they may be appointed.' This order of ministers may have the oversight and direction of one or more Societies. THE ELDERS. These are appointed as the directors of each family. Their office is to take charge of the spiritual protection of their respective families. It is their duty to instruct the members in their duties, to counsel, encourage, admonish, exhort and reprove as occasion may require; and to see that the rules and regulations pertaining to their respective families are properly regarded. THE TRUSTEES. 'The Trustees are invested with power to take the general charge and oversight of the property, estate and interest, dedicated, devoted, consecrated and given up for the benefit of the Church, to hold in trust the fee of all the lands belonging to the Church; also all gifts, grants and donations, which have been or may hereafter be dedicated, devoted, consecrated and given up as aforesaid, and the said property, estate, interest, gifts, grants and donations shall constitute the united and consecrated interest of the Church, and shall be held in trust, by the said Deacons, as acting Trustees, in their official capacity, and by their successors in said office and trust forever.' DEACONS AND DEACONESSES. These are appointed to take charge of the domestic affairs of the family where they reside. These several orders of Officers constitute the general government of the Community. MEMBERS OF SOCIETY. A person receiving faith and still preferring to remain within his own family, may hold his union with the Society. In this case he will continue the management of his own business, having the entire control of all his property. It is expected that such persons will conform, inasmuch as they are able, to the principles taught by the Society. They are to provide for their family by honest and industrious labor, and to watch over their children with a faithfulness that belongs to the gospel of Christ. Those receiving faith but who are under no embarrassment to the world, through the relations of business, or the burdens of a family, may prefer to enter the Community and enjoy its benefits and privileges. This class agree to devote their time and services to the support of the family in which they are members, stipulating at the same time to claim no pecuniary compensation for their services. They also have the privilege to give to the family, the improvement or any part of their property as a free-will gift. Members of this class may retain the lawful ownership of their property, so long as they choose. After having a clear and full understanding of the Community life they may dedicate a part or the whole of their property and consecrate it forever to the support of the Community. COVENANT MEMBERS. Those who have become sufficiently acquainted with the religious and social life of the Society, and have accepted the faith, are prepared to enter fully into a united and consecrated interest. These covenant to dedicate themselves, with all that they possess, to the service of God, and support of the gospel forever, promising never to bring debt nor damage, claim nor demand against the Society, nor against any member thereof, for any property or service which th2y have thus devoted to the uses and purposes of the Community. OBLIGATIONS OF COVENANT MEMBERS. 'The united interest of the Church having been formed and establisht by the free-will offerings and pious donations of the members respectively, from the commencement of the Institution for the object and purposes already stated, it must be considered a consecrated whole, and devoted to the uses and purposes of the Gospel forever, agreeably to the establisht principles of the Church. Every member, while standing in Gospel union and maintaining the principles of this covenant, shall enjoy equal rights, benefits and privileges, in the use of all things pertaining to the Church, according to their several needs and circumstances ; and no difference shall be made on account of what any one has contributed and devoted, or may hereafter contribute and devote to the support and benefit of the institution.' 'It is also stipulated that the benefits and privileges secured by this covenant, shall not be considered as extending to any person who shall refuse to comply with the conditions of this association; or who shall refuse to submit to the admonition and discipline of the constituted authority of the Church; or who shall willfully depart from the principles and practice of those religious and moral obligations which have been establisht in the Church, of which refusal or non-compliance the leading authority acknowledged in the first article of the covenant shall be the proper and constitutional judges.'