Narcoossee, Fla. Feb. 1897. We have made for ourselves and others a happy little home, from which will pass the testimony of everlasting truth. We have not been dilatory in sowing the seed, and have distributed many of our publications to those who are interested to read them. About 100 rods from our dwelling is a house that was formerly owned by a family of Swedes. It is now rented to a man, a leader of a Society of celibates. He has several followers, and is expecting others. They are strictly non-resistant. It is astonishing to see the rush of people to the shores of Florida. Many who have good, comfortable homes in the north are leaving them for the sunny south. We have been fighting pine trees and palmetto roots for two years, and we think we are coming out on the right side. One year since we planted three acres of sweet potatoes. We have sold 100 bu. at forty cents per. bu. and shall sell as many more at a later date, and still have enough left for our own use. We sold 100 pineapples at fifty cents each. From the same piece we sold considerable garden produce. We had a slight frost, which did some injury, but by building fires on the lot we saved most of our property. We planted two acres of northern potatoes, and th ese are doing nicely. We now have 600 peach trees, and about one third of these will bear fruit. 100 orange trees are growing, but we must wait a few years before we can gather much fruit. We also have 00 guava bushes. We are intending, by and by, if prosperity attends us to put up a dwelling near Alligator lake, some two miles distant from our present location. That will be a much better building spot and may be better every way. We have just put up a Fairbank's wind-mill and a 5000 gal. tank for irrigating and also for domestic purposes. A pipe passes 150 ft. into the lake and this gives us the best of drinking water. In our Sunday service we sometimes read from the book of 'Living Witnesses.' Some of our neighbors from our other house attend religious service with us and we sing or speak as imprest by the good Spirit. Andrew Barrett.