FAITHFUL TO PRINCIPLE. By C. H. W. [Contributed by Sarah A. Collins.] Faithfulness to principle should be intelligently maintained. There is a vast difference between blindly holding to a certain creed, upon the advice and recommendation of some religious leader or personal friend, and that of intelligently believing and practicing a true and well defined system of Bible truths and doctrines. He who believes and practices certain religious rites and doctrines, simply because his father and mother have told him that he ought to do so, will not be likely to intelligently maintain his position. It may be that his parents intelligently maintain a true fidelity to principle; but it does not follow that he does, if he simply relies upon what his parents have told him. Neither should a person be governed by what some minister may tell him to believe and practice. The minister may be far better informed upon correct interpretations of the Bible, and the duties which it enjoins, than some of his hearers are; but this is no good reason why they should not think for themselves and study for themselves and invoke the wisdom of God upon their efforts, that they maj intelligently apprehend those truths and doctrines and commands which they ought to believe and practice. It matters not how highly they respect the intelligence and piety of their parents and minister and friends, they should not blindly follow their belief and practice. Instead of all this, they should form an enlightened and independent judgment, from what they, themselves, may obtain by prayerful investigation and thorough study. By pursuing this method, they may arrive at the same conclusion which their parents, and minister and friends have, or they may not. But, whatever may be their convictions and conclusions, they should be obtained in a thoroughly understanding manner, and then they can afford to be true to them under all circumstances and for life. Too many get their religious views at second hand, and can no more tell why they believe them than they can tell how old the fish was that swallowed Jonah. Let 'us have more intelligent faithfulness to principle.Holland Patent, N. Y.