Enfield, N. H. Jane, 1897. The June Manifesto containing sentiments fragrant with 'Love of Nature,' with counsels to 'Have Justice,' and the cheery song, 'Darkest before the Dawn,' like all preceding ones is welcomed at our home. Credit to whom it is due, is a law of justice. The essay I%A Review' in the last Manifesto credited to me, (and which I should feel honored to claim) belongs to Sister Isabella Russell. Elder Calvin's query, as stated in his last Note, brings to mind the text, 'First that which is natural then that which is spiritual.' The outgrowth of the law of evolution; from earth life developt and spiritualized as intelligence masters all forces and habits that are akin to animal life. To affirm that there were individualized spirits without first being vested in materiality, not only explodes the immutability of nature's Laws, which throughout all ages have ever chimed out the fact, first the seed, then the blade, after which the fruit; typical of progressive human life, but also heralds the fact that God's work was a failure; for degeneration began after his construction of the Adam's family. Reason can not view the Infinite, individualized with characteristics of a butcher and a sensualist. Therefore, the honored, dearly cherisht poem of mythology, 'God made man in his own image,' should become as obsolete as monarchal government in America. Mere tradition that conflicts with scientific facts as regards human creation, is as unsatisfactory to the light of reason, as must have been the results to our young kindred of Sabbathday Lake, who 'fisht all day and caught none.' In the valley of meditation I culled a flower of soliloquy; its petals of thought, questioning, 'Is it possible for any class of people to deal with each other as they would be done by, under the pressure of such vastly different ideas of things essential and non-essential?' The glorious failure of the Greeks in behalf of the opprest Cretans, the lamentable, cruel conditions of the Cubans and home affairs, all present many answers, but the bell of brevity rings down the curtain of silence for this time. George It. Baxter.