Obituary Eulogy for Sister ANNA DODSON. By Elder Calvin G. Reed. Steadily the sands are falling in life's Time Glass, one by one; And the moments gliding swiftly o'er Life's Dial, soon are run. Thus the millions start the journey, thus the millions end the race And by other millions followed, supersede and fill their place. One by one our friends are passing to that silent, unseen shore, And again to us returning, after exit, nevermore. Nevermore shall we behold them while we tread this dusty ball; We must wait for this reunion till we meet Death's solemn call. Thus the ties that now confine us to this busy, earthly sphere, Weaker and more weak are growing as we fill each passing year. When we feel the cords, so tender, by a sweet communion spun Must be severed for the present, and the new one just begun Can continue but a season, and unfinisht, we must part, Solemn are the contemplations clustering round the thoughtful heart. What is life, and all our knowledge, bat the drama of a day! Soon their measured, joys and sorrows, forming but a curt relay. Here we ride the swelling billows, of their ruthless foam, the sport, Aiming still to guide our vessels, safely to their destined port. Winds, and storms, and tempests, ended; conflicts over; labors done; All our yearnings; anguish; turnings; bring us to life's rising sun, Where we view in unveiled lustre, the eternal realms of Light And upon its shores we enter to regale our newborn sight. Mortals paint in magic beauty, glories of the world to come, All so purely beatific, and entrancing is that home, That it fills weak minds with longings to repair there ere their time; Making this a veil of sorrows, shorn of every grace sublime That would yield the fruits of courage and the weary heart solace, Prompting unto noble action which ensures abiding peace. But when earthly years are garnered with perfected righteous toil, And the lamp of wisdom burneth brightly well supplied with precious oil; When the days are fully numbered in the calendar of life; When assured we've won the victory in the noble glorious strife And have kept the Faith unsullied and with honor closed the race; And surveying our sojournings, find no traces of disgrace, Then it is we part the curtain; enter into open day, And receive the righteous sentence to our souls most joyfully. So we view our noble Sister, as she breathes her kind farewell To her Brethren, Sisters, kindred, in the Summer Land to dwell. She has been a faithful toiler, guarding well her Savior's fold; Caring tenderly, parentally, for her people young and old. Patient, merciful, forgiving, in charity abounding, kind; Self-denying, peaceful, solace giving to the burdened mind. Precepts lead! Examples draw! This sterling maxim gray with age, Embodies in its excellence, the wisdom of the sage. Our Sister's bright example is an evidence of this A Christian exposition, made by works of righteousness. Her mandate was not, Go I and without me, perform the task, But, I will take the burden. Come, follow! This only will I ask. And thus she filled life's measure, and rounded her three score and ten, And that she has been faithful, unitedly we say, Amen.