Selection from a Tribute read at the Funeral Services of Sister ANNA DODSON. By Amelia J. Galver. 'A morning glory o'er a ruin The blue sky seems to-day.' AS such is the clear sunshine, the cloudless sky, of this beautiful June day, in contrast to the leaden clouds which have settled over our hearts and our home. A life, a love, an ornament is taken from our midst which nothing can replace. Other friends are kind are good and true, but it is not justice to the loving nor to the loved, to feel that their place can be supplied, that the ranks pan be closed up, and we miss them not. Each dear and loving friend, true as the needle to the Pole, rears in our hearts a shrine to which we bring the best offerings of our lives ; offerings which to each is meet; and which is sacred to each. Then when a dear one passes 'within the veil,' can we s?t that shrine aside, and place another in its stead ? Would it be justice to the living to feel that 'to be absent is to be forgotten?' Is it conducive to the growth of a tireless pure affection, to know that it is transcient and euds with time? Ah nay ! A thousand times Nay ! But how can we speak of the loved one whose sacred memory we are vainly endeavoring to honor. Vocal sounds seem but a mockery, when feeling is too deep to even be mirrored on the surface. From our earliest childhood dear Sister Anna, has been so woven into the web and woof of our lives, that it seems there almost needs come a flaw in the pattern, when such needed such strong material is taken out. Only in loving memory to the good she has done, we must like the tapestry weavers of the far famed East, keep our eyes on the pattern, above us, and following that, toil on e'en tho the web is reverst, knowing that when the material is completed, the true pattern will be represented. We who were under her kindly instructions when a teacher, who were blest with her spiritual guidance in youth, know how much we owe the solid principle for which we have workt, to both her precept and example; and the deference, love and honor we have ever accorded her, proves the truth of the poet; 'Our hearts ne'er bow but to superior worth And never fail of their allegiance there,' When in our riper years her burdens fell on those she had instructed, she did not leave her places of trust as vacancies to be filled, but as a sturdy oak, she maintained her superior talent, on which we as vines could cling; and all through the long years of change, it has ever been thus ; so that those who are now bearing the burdens in the heat of the day, have found that in every emergency, in every want and need of life, we could turn to her for strength, for advice, for sympathy and were ever sure of parental love and care. 'Those there are Whose hearts have a whole look southward And are open to the whole noon of Nature.' Such we found our loved sister. To the young her sunshine was a magnet ; to mature life a strength, and to the aged a healing warmth. To the erring she was charity and courage, which virtue alone would ever hold her memory dear; for only those whose hearts can sympathize with the weaknesses of frail humanity are worthy to bear the name of our worthy Exemplar whose words were 'Neither do I condemn thee, go and sin no more.' One markt characteristic of her noble nature was her inability to take offence. She allowed no imaginary trials nor burdens to mar her peace, nor to take the sunshine from the lives of those about her. But it is needless to say more. She has written her character, builded her monument, in our home and in our hearts; and dear Sister Anna will live ever with us, her virtues growing more resplendent, as time bears us on, and tho we may feel that such love as we bear to her is 'like seeds taken from the Tropics, and planted where the winter comes too soon,' we will think of her as 'Not lost, but gone before.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.