NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. Average of weather at Mt. Lebanon. June. Thermometer. Rain. 1896. 63.93 4 in. 1897. 61.66 b% ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 86. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 38 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 20 ' clear ' ' ' 12 ' 'cloudy' ' ' 8 July, 1897. The scythe of Time, or of Eternity, at present, appears to have a very keen edge, and its wielder is engaged in making thinner our already depleted ranks with a ruthless hand. One by one the ripened sheaves are garnered in the Lord's illimitable store-house. We now have to add to the long list of garnered the name of our worthy sainted Sister, Anna Dodson. She doffed the mortal and donned the immortal, and spread her angelic wings and soared to the Celestial Sphere to join the ranks of those who dwell in the City of the Living God, which has no need of the sun to shine in it; for the glory of God doth lighten it. The funeral was held on the 27th ult. Descending from the celestial to the terrestrial, I will simply state: We are celebrating the Independence of the United States of America on this Fourth of July, by opening Public Meeting in our Church edifice. We shall hold Public Service so long as the weather will permit. The opening meeting was a success. The hay harvest now occupies our time and strength. It has been cool and wet enough to render the grass crop heavy and splendid. We are thankful for this blessing. Crops, generally, are luxuriant especially the potato beetle and apple tree worm; but a dose of paris green and hellebore puts them to rest. in the spring of 1896 we set a sixth of an acre to strawberry vines; this year on June 19th we began picking; between that date and July 3rd we have gathered 26 bushels. We gathered at one picking seven and one half bushels. A large number of the berries measured five and one half inches in circumference. It has- been too cold for asparagus to do its best; but bad as it has been we have taken 89 bushels from the bed. Our milk is so flush, and the apparatus for preserving it is becoming so dilapidated we are under the necessity of setting up a separator to take the cream from the milk. The Ministry at present are with us; but as they, of necessity, are migratory Officials, their tarry with us is very precarious. It is a time of general health in the Community. Eldress Ann Taylor is not long for this world unless all signs fail. She is so as to be about, leaning on her staff for very age. Calvin G. Heed. South Family. July, 1897. The sunny months of May and June have past away all quite too soon. On a sunny Sunday afternoon of May last, we paused in our occupation to listen to the music in the air, it was like the voice of many waters, as the voice of harpers harping with their harps, and we lookt and lo ! a company from the North and from the Church and from the neighboring family, were singing, and they sang an old song which we all well knew as they approacht our home on the hill, meeting in pleasing communion with we southerners, the family hall resounded with vocal and instrumental music intersperst with compliments and greetings of all concerned. Thus happily an hoar past whan the starn er duties or life called us back to our respective posts. Among the transfers of the good and just to spirit life we record the departure of our dearest friend and mother Sister Lydia Dole whose beautiful life well filled with grand and noble deeds will ever remain as a guiding light inspiring us on to more loyalty in the service of God's kingdom. Her going from our vision is not death but renewed life, it is but 'an event in a,continuous existence.' June was made decidedly agreeable by the coming of two of our Sonyea Sisters, Elizabeth Sidell and Eleanor DeGraw who spent a brief time visiting friends in this Community. We hope when they come again they will forget to remember their return trip and extend their tarry beyond the limits of a few days. July with its toi-rent of burning sun has come to stay till it goes. We are having a quiet celebration of Independence day by trying to keep cool. Genevieve DeGraw. North Family. July, 1897. Heat is intense. An abundant cherry harvest gives more than abundant employment to Brethren and Sisters; other fruit will soon demand attention. All kinds look promising. Two young men and one of riper years have been added to our ranks since early spring. All seem interested in giving freely of their best efforts. Two women who have been corresponding with a view to membership are expected to visit us soon. Public meetings were opened July 4th; an excellent beginuing has been made. The removal of the Canaan family leaves a lamentable space in our large meeting house. We miss them in the singing and in spiritual ministration. We are receiving invitxtions from several leaders in the social movement for a company of Brethren and Sisters to attend meetings in Chicago to give suggestions and otherwise aid in the organization of a new co-operative society. It is but natural that those who have so long held together on the basis of radical communism should now be solicited for help in solving the difficult problems of our time. We know that we have some yet to solve for ourselves. Experience has taught us that the religious impulse alone, based on strong conviction will prompt to that selfdenial which will insure success in any organization beyond a mere business compact. The present systems of industrial and social life have evidently reacht their day of doom. God speed all workers toward those conditions of justice which must ever be the foundation of 'peace on earth good-will to men.' Catherine Allen. Shakers, N. Y. July, 1897. On a neat little memento presented us by a friend to be used for removing the dust from the eye glasses was printed the motto, 'If you would see the world aright, Be sure and keep your glasses bright.' It led us to reflect that in all the phases of life objects apparently partake of the condition of the medium through which they are seen. The mind inclined to be misanthropic, looking through the vision of the pessimist sees life as it were moving backward toward universal collapse. But to a mind which has a clear sight, viewing aught existing conditions knowing that out of the conflicts of opinion and clashing of interests that seem at present to absorb and turn to a sinister use human life; above it all there is the good angel of concord, more powerful and farreaching in the results than all the rest. We do not accept the doctrine of a chance world, nor that of fatalism. The one leaving everything to go hap-hazard; the other accepting what ever is as final with no power to change for the better. We would suggest the fact that the good Deacon in his controversy with the slave-holder believed that the Lord would be on the side of the one who was ready to help himself; at least the slave-holder thought so judging by his conduct when they had their last meeting. The prospects at present indicate a heavy hay crop. Spring crops are late, the last corn planting on the 25th of June. When we compare conditions with the flooded districts of the west and the sufferings from the violent wind-storms that have devastated sections of our country we have reason to be thankful for our exemption from those destructive elements. Hamilton DeGraw. Enfield, N. H. July, 1897. We are pleased to report visits from gospel kindred. For a short season we enjoyed the presence of the first ordMount Lebanonstry of Mt. Lebanon, and whose ministrations we trust will add to the spirit of concord and fellowship so essential to make home a 'sweet home,' especially important to keep the torch of truth burning, so that others seeing its beams of goodness may safely follow its onward and upward wake, from all that defileth or maketh a lie. A company of six Sisters from East Canterbury, hav9 spent a few days with us, adding to our lives good cheer, for soul communion and interchange of thought, giveth new inspirations, not only to abhor evil and cleave to the good, but inspireth new zeal to do greater good for others, practical righteousness the true spirit of Christianity. What exalted thoughts flash upon the mind at the name of home. Well may the children of God sing, ' 'Be it ever so humble there is no place like home.' When we think of the homes under the thraldom of the demon of licentiousness, stricken with soul-blighting diseases, tinctured with the curse of intemperance, fettered in the chains of tyranny, homes wherein the angel of purity never enters and the song of gladness never sounds, how our hearts ought to throb with sympathy for the unfortunate, and with gratitude for our own blessing. Is not home life made harmonious and prosperous by the congregated efforts of her inmates to establish justice, morality and integrity of the highest order? and should not home be of such worth to us that we exert our abilities to get rid of all that is disagreeable and debasing? thus adorning home with virtues and joys of more value than the costliest gem we could possess, or the finest works of art we could hang upon the walls. True,. Home's not mere roof and room, It needs something to endear it; Home is where the heart can bloom, Where there's some kind lip to cheer it. George H. Baxter.