Mount Lebanon, N. Y. North Family. August 6, 1897. our last writing more rain has fallen than in any previous month remembered by the 'oldest inhabitant.' Our houses being on sure foundations remain secure, but tons of the best garden soil and some of their produce have been swept to other regions. Hay and grain have been greatly injured, some entirely ruined; damage to fruit has been as yet, comparatively slight. Trees and shrubs are being much benefitted under skillful pruning by one of our young Believers, our lawns and gardens by the care of others, while a markt interest is manifested by all in adding to the attractiveness and comfort of our home. Many pleasant hours have been spent in the associated labor of Brethren and Sisters in gathering fruit, also when the entire family have met for pea-shelling where singing added much to our enjoyment. Twice we have assembled to have heart and mind renewed from the thought treasury of Annie M. Moody, from Maiden, Mass., a visiting friend of high culture whose soul development enables her to use intellectual attainments only, as the channel through which to draw the vital substance essential to a noble character and exalted life. The date of our writing is the 123 anniversary of the arrival in America of Mother Ann Lee and her eight brave companions, and marks an epoch in history which we believe will be much more widely and clearly appreciated in future years than at present. It seems a fitting time for all Believers who realize the value to mankind of the Gospel testimony, to recount the accomplishment of the past, consider the means of success and the causes of failure, distinguish between customs and principles, understand whether certain habits and rules had their origin in consideration of principles or of the necessities of the times, and while comparing present conditions of society with those which existed more than a century since let us adjust ourselves for present duty and future advancement. Catherine. Allen.