NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mount Lebanon, New York Average of Weather at Mount Lebanon. July. Thermometer. Kain. 1896. 11.19 3.128 in. 1897. 74. 3 15 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 94. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 56 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 16 ' ' clear ' ' ' 8 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 7 August, 1897. July has been a very unpropitious month for either farming or gardening. Grass crops have been very abundant, but the month has been so very wet we have barely commenct harvesting the crop. 16 rainy days giving us 15 inches of water, averaging about half an inch a clay the entire month. One continuous rain gave us *l% in. in twenty-four hours causing the water to overflow our dams, and making the valley below a lake from two to four feet deep. It has been such a month that we desire never to see another so destructive and so wide spread. It has spread E. W. N'. S. destroying millions of property and multitudes of lives. One woman with her two children and house were taken by a tornado, carried to the center of the Hudson Hirer and sunk and they were drowned. There might be a volume written if the entire sr.d catastrophies were chronicled that have occurred during July 1897. With all the prevailing destruction, we are very much blest. At present we have plenty to eat and to drink. We are well clothed and housed from the storms. We have purchased cement and paint to preserve the roofs of the Meeting House, Office, Infirmary and Laundry, so they will not leak, if paint, cement and solder will prevent it. A half mile more of the State Eoad between us and Hancock is being constructed. This will prove an additional blessing to travelers. We have gathered from our garden thirty-three bushels of strawberries and nine bushels of raspberries and have more of the last named to gather, then will come the blackberries. The early apples are fit for use. Cherries have been abundant. Our fruit crop is good, and abundant. The hot weather is injuring potatoes. Sister Amelia Calver has become an apiarist. She has at present eight swarms. Yesterday she was taking up box honey. In doing so she became a veiled Nun. Elder Timothy Kayson is a Shaker Trustee. He takes Br. Benjamin Gates place who has resigned. Thursday July 22nd the MinistrMount Lebanon, and are now at Colonie. They left here in usual health. At present it is healthy among us. No one is in- disposed to my knowledge. Calvin G. Reed. Shakers, N. Y. August, 1897. The past month gave us a taste of tropical weather. One hundred in the shade! We were careful not to make any uncomplimentary remarks about 'Old Probabilities' for we might regret it when the blizzards of December were blowing; but we thought of the pleasure of Professor Andree's trip in an air-ship to the North pole or of Dr. Nansen's arctic explorations. But we will try and be philosophical and make the best of it whatever the variations of the temperature. Those grand and inspiring words of Gladstone in the Manifesto were like a benediction rebuking the narrow spirit of sectarianism that would contract the sphere of human thought making it less able to comprehend the universality of truth which is the true goal toward which life is advancing. We admire the character of the man and have his picture framed in oak guarding the doorway of our domicile. We think our little Manifesto is doing even better than the son of Erin's isle who said he had 'started with nothing and had held his own.' May blessings be with those who have the burden of its publication, and if interest could be quickened to the extent that would make it a semimonthly, its work in the missionary field would be strengthened. Hamilton DeGraw.