Sacred to the Memory of our Gospel Mother Eldress LYDIA ANNAS. By Orrin Beaver. A NOTHER Spirit, after a long life of self-denial given to the cause of puriJlA. ty and virtue, has laid aside the vestments of mortality to don the spotless robe of the justified in the celestial mansions of the beautiful home above. Our beloved Eldress Lydia, was ever a tower of strength to all in Zion es- pecially to the young for whom she always manifested a deep interest, deeming no sacrifice on her part too great if thereby she might give them a fuller understanding of the saving principles of a Christian life. Possessing the wisdom gained through long years of toil and self-devotion to the good of souls, and deeply solicitous for their future good at all times, she drew them to her as with a magnet and they loved her with all the affection they could have shown a natural parent. She had lived among Believers for over seventy-four years ; was acquainted with many of the early founders of the society in Watervliet, and often spoke of the suffering they past through in those early days, when they lacktmany of the temporal comforts they now enjoy. She ever manifested a spirit of thankfulness for her gospel call to prove herself a child of Christ and a daughter of Mother Ann. I had the pleasure of her acquaintance for over thirty years, and during that time I never saw an element of weakness in her life, but she always rejoiced that she had set out in the way of God in her early youth, and had strength given to carry her safely through her earthly pilgrimage. She often gave a strong testimony in favor of a Christian life saying she thought the life taught by Christ if truly lived was the only one that could yield perfect happiness and justification to an intelligent being. Faithful in the performance of every duty appointed to her, she was one we shall truly miss in all the relations of life. Kind and charitable to all, a peacemaker at all times, loving with an unselfish love for one common humanity, I do not think the person exists, however low in the scale of humanity they might be who was beneath her love, or too inferior for her tender ministrations. Farewell to thee Sainted one, we shall often miss thy cheering voice, and while we feel that our great present loss is thy eternal gain, we know that thy gentle Spirit will not leave us, but will often hover near to cheer us as we bravely bear the trials of life through the few short years of Time, so that when called to our Eternal home, it may be said of us as of thee, 'Well done thou good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.' Shakers, N. Y.