Narcoossee, Fla. Aug. 1897. Happy are they who can see the nobility of living like Christ, tho their lot is pitched in among the pines and palmettos of Middle Florida. They receive the hundred-fold reward for the sacrifice of a life of transcient pleasure and animal sensation. It is well worth the labor to be so consecrated that place noi condition will take away the enjoyment of a contented mind. Nothing in this life, will spoil the peace of that soul who takes his life in his hand and marches out to duty with every coming day. It is now about three years since we struck the first ax and bog hoe into the pines and palmettos of our new home, and to-day we are receiving the reward of our labors with much satisfaction. A good comfortable house has been built and painted and ten acres of land have been cleared. A pinery built and planted and now we are harvesting the crop which will be about seven hundred good, saleable apples. Four hundred peach trees have been set out, from which we expect a small crop, another year, Rice, orange, semen, persimmon, with smaller varieties of trees and pines fill the gap. The garden in which the writer has toiled with unbounded patience, begins to show the bright side. With the addition of our wind mill, tank and water pipes, we feel we are well fortified against the coming drouths which invade Florida during the months of February, March and April. The past month has given us plenty of rain to put in winter crop of sweet potatoes, also to re-set the shoots of pine-apples, from which we expect a crop the coming year. We have had two valuable additions to our numbers, Brother Egbert Gillette, a noble young man from Alabama, all ripe for the sickle of truth, and our well tried, veteran Sister, Elizabeth Seers, from the Center Mount Lebanont. Lebanon. She is a mother in Israel, and fills a niche in our little home that but few can fill. Why need we fear the future as 'Heaven helps those who help themselves.1' There is virtue in suffering patiently and cheerfully. When the trial comes look up, take in a long breath and go forward. Dear friends, when you send us a thought it meets a response in us in being loyal to our faith. Let us not judge a character hastily, for in the web of many a life, a golden thread twineth unseen, which may be woven into a crown of glory. Andrew Barrett.