THE INDWELLING SPIRIT. By Hamilton DeGraw. THAT wise and very important counsel 'neither cast ye your pearls be fore swine,' was given'with'the understanding that we should not present the high and holy things of God to those who had not attained that degree of intellectual growth which fitted them to receive it; only by prayer and suplication and a complete renunciation of self, with an earnest desire to receive the indwelling spirit can it be given. The tendency of the materialistic mind even when cloakt under theological teaching, is to look away from the internal and spiritual life for a manifestation of the divine. To those who are dwelling on the materialistic plane of their being, the divinity that dwells within is as foolishness; but we address thus.? who have tasted of the fruits of the Spirit and without the shadow of doubt and with a knowledge of the truth have felt the opening of the internal sense, and know that to be 'spiritually minded is life, joy and peace.' That faculty in man that causes him to look above the conditions of physical existence, altho through his ignorance and inability to comprehend that faculty and in its manifestations it may appear vague and unreal, is, nevertheless, as permanent and reliable a condition of his life as those that are more directly connected with his existence. The highest intellectual development is not always the one that has the largest scope and most expansive vision that enables it to grasp and view spiritual things ; many times it is very crude, delighting in that which abounds in mystery and unexplainable power ; but it satisfied for the time that internal longing of the soul wThich could not rest contented with dead forms or lifeless creeds and as the spiritual became unfolded what was once the sustenance upon which it maintained its life, proved to be worthless. In the acceptance of the truth its possessor becomes as a little child, as it brings the soul into the conscious presence of the Infinite spirit, removing all egotism and pomp and self-laudation, at the same time imparting a dignity and grandeur to the life that the worshipers at mammon's shrine, are unable to understand or accept. The saying that 'speech is silver but silence is golden,' has its basis on truth, but needing the exercise of wisdom to know when to give utterance to thought and when to remain silent. Many times the most effective method of bringing the soul into conscious communion with the Divine preseuce is silent meditation, gathering the sense away from the distracting influences of the outer life that it may accumulate a reserved force to be used when duty calls to enter the arena and grapple with the opposing forces. The beautiful example and counsel of the Divine Master can be practist with profit by those who are desirous to develop their spiritual life. 'When thou prayest enter into thy closet and when thou hast shut the door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly.' Altho the elements of spiritual decay have to a greater or less extent permeated their life, the monastic retreats when first establisht were based upon the necessity of having a place of retirement from the inharmonious conditions of the world; and the unsettled state of human society during the time in which they were organized, testified to the wisdom of their building. But 'man shall not live by bread alone but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.' While it is right that there should be seasons of retirement, it is also necessary that the soul should at times come forth where the conflict is waged the fiercest. The law of action and rest is as operative in the spiritual life as in the physical. When the race has developt more harmonious conditions than at present and the indwelling spirit has asserted its right to rule the temple of life in both the inner and outer courts; when in the dealings of man with his fellow-man truth prevails and to do 'unto others as ye would have them do unto you,' is the rule and not the exception; then he will be enabled to enter into such close communion with the Divine that the exclusive retreats which were intended to give an opportunity for spiritual development will not be needed. The admiration of the world has been given to those who have in a large measure attained unto that exalted station ; but to fully comprehend that life, it must be evolved from out of the crucible of suffering, and each individual must for himself test the virtue of that power. When Savonarola was to suffer martyrdom on account of his testimony against the corruptions of the church, on being led to the stake the Bishop, in his excommunication said, I expel you from the Church militant and from the Church triumphant.' Savonarola exclaimed, 'not from the Church triumphant that is beyond your power.' Every one who has experienced that divine illumination has at some previous time had to ascend the mountain and have the kingdoms of the world and the glory thereof presented to him and told that all these would be given if he would fall down and worship them. Those who refuse to give that homage know the joy that comes when 'holy angels minister unto them.' Admittance into that temple whose occupants have received the divine illumination, can only be through the gate-way of self-abnegation; but to those who have arrived at the inner court and have for their, guide the light of the Spirit, can view with pity the multitude that are groping in the dark, but are unwilling to accept the light. What can be the force that is impelling human life onward, urging it to reach higher than the present plane of thought and life? It is the indwelling spirit, that is the motive power which inspired the heroes and martyrs of the ages to deeds of self-sacrifice and a willingness to suffer for the truth; to give their whole life to the uplifting of the race. It is the power which at present is causing efforts to be made to cleanse the temple of life that its occupants may not be bound in slavery to the passions and influences that keep them from asserting their right to be sons and daughters of God. Altho at times this divine overshadowing may come, lifting the soul above its present state and enabling it to realize what is possible for it to attain unto, but for it to permanently abide, there must also be the garden of Gethsemane, and through it each individual soul shall pass and the experience that is gained there, will enable it to realize the fact that 'life is more than meat and the body than raiment.' There is a condition the materialistic mind can not understand and only by obedience to the highest promptings will it be enabled to advance into the perfect light. Shakers, N. Y.