East Canterbury, N. H. Aug. 1897 June and July have given us an abundance of rain and two unprecedented freshets for this season of the year, have visited the valleys of New England. At our own home the roads and gardens have suffered the most. To 'make hay while the sun shines' has been a difficult matter for the farmers, as the showers were of daily occurrence. As a climax to this 'down pour,' we must note the 23rd of July. The heavens became darkened by the accumulation of clouds in the north, and at the same time in the southwest. One could hardly have believed that the winds would, in a few hours bring these together and form the severest thunder-storm of the season. However, at 10-30 a. m. the clouds had met directly over our village. The 'windows of heaven were opened' and the thunder and lightning of that hour, we would not wish to have repeated. Our large barn, 240 ft long, received one thunderbolt on the center cupola and passing down an iron rod into the barn, it made kindling wood of several boards, and in some mysterious way hurled a fire brand into the hay. The bolt then past out of the barn at the lower edge of the cupola and markt its path by splintered boards on the roof. Two young men were in the building on Since the lower floor, and both were rendered unconscious for a few moments. A second thunderbolt immediately followed, but this was at the extreme east end of the barn. It was a mischievous flash as it tore the shingles from the side of the barn, demolisht a window sash, splintered the boards, and then spent itself by splitting some timbers. The young Brethren soon recovered consciousness and found the hay on fire and the smoke pouring out at the windows. By wonderful self-possession they were enabled by the use of water and a fire grenade which were near at hand, to subdue the flames, and fortunately to save the building from destruction. Through the ringing of bells and the cry of fire, there was for a short season an intense excitement in our home. Many of our kind neighbors, altho living one or more miles distant, hurried to the Tillage to aid in preserving the property, and this friendly care was much appreciated. Henry C. Minn.