West Pittsfield, Mass. Sept. 1891. Septembek, the month which summons the army of workers from their summer's rest, has come to us and we realize that our pen, having enjoyed the universal summer vacation must now resume its duties. But what can it relate that will interest or entertain? Certainly all of our friends know of the weather, of which we have had almost 'too much' and of such variety, that there was no chance for monotony. The rain has fallen liberally and regularly, scarcely a day passing whose record does not tell of a shower. There has been a strife between the rain and the hay-makers as to which would secure the hay. No sooner would 'the hum of the reaper be heard on the hills,' than a distant mutter would resound through the valleys, signaling the approach of the opposing forces, the rain. The farmers, I believe, expect to complete harvesting the hay during the present week. The potato crop through our locality is an entire failure altho that of our home is much better owing to the favorable place of planting. The corn also yields but little. Apples and pears are plentiful. Berries were of excellent quality. So we find in balancing each day's accounts that the mercies far exceed the ills, and thus our gratitude and trust is strengthened. Our list of visitors for the summer is very short, but none the less valuable, for we were pleased with the brief visit of Sisters Mary Hazard and Hannah Ann Agnew of Lebanon, both true witnesses of the value of a long life of usefulness and true righteousness. Even now their hands and hearts are constantly employed in helping others. To such we are sure a full recompense will be awarded, for they who seek earnestly the best gifts are assured that no good thing will be withheld. With hands earnest in labor, and hearts strong and true, our part is to work and to patiently wait. Not only intellectual and spiritual gifts will insure a holy life, but a wise combining of the temporal with the spiritual, thus ennobling and beautifying daily life. We rejoice that our loved Brother Ira occupies his place in our home once more, altho we are aware that often much exertion is required in doing so. We think we can extend no better wish to our friends in parting, than that written so many years ago. ' 'And the peace of God which passeth all understanding reign in your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.' Fidelia Estabrook.