Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. North Family. Oct. 1897. Thrice told tales being tedious, I will not repeat the harvest reports of grass and grain, but add to the rumor that potatoes are small in size and scanty in quantity; however, our grand old hills are not small; they loom up with more than their usual share of majesty in this clear, crisp atmosphere permeated with gold enough to rejoice the monometalist and other monos whose hearts may the dear God soften and widen! Beside her gold, October has brought us some delightful visitors. You may have heard us speak of Agusta and Sophie, and last, but by no means least, Sophie's horses. Such horses! No checks or blinders there, you may be sure. Sophie loves her horses, and do they not love Sophie? Look in their faces for your answer, see their great eyes soften and necks curve in caresses when their mistress nears them! Ah, it is not the Undines alone to whom love gives a soul! This time our visitors brought with them two other visitors; no less personages than Lotta and her mother. Who has not heard of Lotta? Was she not a star in the sad, dangerous, dramatic world, who touched the earth only to crush the flowers with which her path was strewn by enthusiastic crowds? Somehow no shadow ever touched Lotta's name or fame; but if you noticed, it was always 'Lotta and her mother.' That tells the whole story; as you would agree should you ever have the fortune to meet this mother. Her age, nearly eighty, says the Christmas time of life, but no, the brisk, bright, aromatic atmosphere about her declares it to be only October. These visitors being invited to speak in one of our meetings, the little mother rose. It was refreshing to hear her vigorous voice and see her earnest gestures. The strongly markt face with character in every line, lighted, as she declared that the day past among us would be a red letter day in all her after life. At the time of departure it was rich to seethe alertness of the little mother, 'Have we left anything behind us?' she was heard to say, 'any love that belongs to us.' 'Nay,' said Sister Catherine, 'you have had a full share, but will not forget to send regular installments for the future.' It has been Lotta's mother and not Lotta, has it not? This will suit Lotta who loves her mother as she deserves to be loved. The mother who has kept her pure and high where thousands, with no such influence, have fallen, never in this world, to rise again. Grace A. Brown.