What is Life without Self-denial and a strict adherence to the path of Virtue; and what propriety is there in a profession without possession? By B. J. Kaime. O life ! fleeting life; tell me of thy beauties. Tell me of the comforts which thou dost bestow; But if I'm neglectful of every day's duties, No real enjoyment my spirit doth know. If vain words and jesting do from my heart issue, Or over much laughter my fault prove to be; If I am accustomed to backbiting whispers How can I from Satan's temptations be free? If evil surmisings are constant companions, If hard thoughts and feelings with me bear the sway, Can life be delightful, or can I march heavenward, Till all these preventives are put far away ? If I am too anxious to know others business, And all their employment to be seeking out, Am I in a state to be gaining true riches ? Have I no occasion to fear or to doubt ? If I am inclined to seek entertainment In telling the failings of sister or brother; Will this clothe my spirit in beautiful raiment Or give me a right to the love of 'Our Mother?' If I do exalt in another's abasement, Or greatly rejoice to see their downfall; When sorrows assail me, who will give me releasement? Or who will vouch safe to hear when I call ? If self I esteem and strive for its glory; Strive for its advancement in pleasure and ease, Shall I find a place with the pure, meek and lowly, Will those spirits own me, who none but God please? If I am too fond of showing my knowledge, And give my opinion before it's required, Or use the tongue oft, where a bridle is better, Will this be a labor of heaven desired? If I make confession of all my offenses, And loudly proclaim that each evil I hate, Unless I forsake them and purge well my senses, Can I ever travel from my fallen state ? If I profess union, and love and submission, And say to the Spirit, 'I will be resigned,' Will merely asserting, yield ample fruition? Can I without acting, the low valley find ? If age I revere not, nor give due attention To the feelings and wishes of those of this class; If I heed not their counsel, experience and wisdom, Shall I not regret it, while through life I pass ? If I with my equals have not condescension, And if of their sorrows I take not a share, When I am bound low and feel tribulation, Who will raise my spirit with kindness and care ? 0 life, fleeting life! What art thou! What art thou, Without self-denial and meekness and love ? A boon without comfort, a wearisome journey, Without the pure gospel, thou surely wouldst prove. Then if any spirit desire to possess thee And taste enjoyment that's wholesome and clean, Let them seek a part of each goodly virtue, And lay up a substance untarnished by sin. East Canterbury, N. H.