TESTIMONY OF AARON WOOD. [The following was ivritten at Watervliet, N. Y., Sept 15, 1826.] IT is now forty-six years since I embraced the gospel of Christ's second appearing, which was revealed through Mother Ann Lee, and those faithful witnesses of God who came with her from England. As I was intimately acquainted with these beloved witnesses, I feel it a duty I owe to God, to my own soul, and to the cause of truth, to make an honest declaration concerning my connection and acquaintance with them, and my knowledge of their character and ministration. In doing this, I shall relate a little of my own experience before I became acquainted with them.. When I was about twenty years of age, I felt great concern for the salvation of my soul. I was sensible that I was daily increasing in sin against God, and I saw no way to escape his righteous judgment. I fled to the holy Scriptures; but I found these condemned me. They testified that, 'He that committeth sin is of the Devil.' I cried to God as well as I was able; but found no reliefmy trouble of mind daily increast. I attended the meetings of various denominations of profest Christians, but could find none that, I believed really walkt with God, according to the precepts and example of Christ. My tribulation and condemnation increast for about the space of five years, until my life became a burden to me, but thanks be to God, he at length opened a way for my releasemeiit. About this time, I heard of a strange people who were persecuted and imprisoned in Albany, for their religion. I went from Shelburn, Mass., to see them, and was soon convinced that they lived and reigned with Christ on earth. They spoke the word of God to me, which was indeed 'quick and powerful.' They taught me to confess all my sins to God before his witnesses, and to take up a daily cross against all sin and all manner of uncleanness, and to live a just, holy and pure life before God and all men. I had so much faith and confidence in them, that 1 was ready and willing to confess my sins, which I did faithfully, one by one, as I had committed them, and the blessing of repentance which I felt, cleansed and healed my wounded soul and releast me from the fear of death and the torments of hcil, and I can testify of a truth, that in obedience to the faith which I then received, I am saved from all sin. In my first visit, I did not see Mother Ann Lee. She had been previously moved from Albany to Poughkeepsie, and imprisoned in that town. This was in August. In the fall I went to see the Elders again, and staid with them one night in the prison. After Mother and the Elders were releast from prison, I went to see them at Watervliet, and from this time I was with them the most of my time. I journeyed from place to place, and was with them in nearly all the places where they visited. I have suffered much persecution and affliction, and thank God that I was counted worthy to suffer with them. I have been beaten and wounded by wicked, persecuting mobs, till the ground was besprinkled with my blood. At one time I was knocked down with a club, and taken up and carried into the house for dead. But these things were light in comparison with what Mother and the Elders suffered by the hands of lawless ruffians. I am confident that nothing short of the power of God, could have preserved their lives through such severe sufferings. I was with them at the time Mother was so shamefully and cruelly abused by that outrageous and horrid mob, which began at George Darrow's, in New Lebanon, on the morning of the 2nd of September, 1783, and which continued until dark, the bare recital of which is enough to make humanity shudder, and bring everlasting disgrace upon the inhuman actors. Shortly after this, I went with Mother and the Elders from New Lebanon to Watervliet; I continued to live there with them for more than a year, and was daily conversant with them, dwelt in the same house and ate at the same table. I was there when Elder William Lte deceast, July 21, 1784, and remained till after Mother Ann's decease, on the 8th of September following. Notwithstanding the evil repoits and the base charges of intemperance and lewdness, that have been circulated against Mother Arm Lee, I can testify that in all my acquaintance with her, I never discovered the lesist symptom of intemperance, lewdness, or any kind of evil. I always considered her to be the most godly person my eyes ever beheld. She truly loved and feared God, and taught the same to others. Her chanty to souls was boundless, and her severity against sin was like a naming fire. No wonder ihe world hated her, for she was not of the world, hence they said all manner of evil against her falsely. In doing this, they brought the greatest possible evidence in her favor. Aid low 1 say unto you that utter falee sceueatior.s; je aie the children of a persecuting generation. 'Fill ye up then the measure of your fatheis, that upon you may come all the righteous blood shed upon the earth, from the blood of righteous Abel,' down to the suffering witnesses of God whom ye have persecuted and abused. Watervliet, N. Y.