CONSECRATED COMMON SENSE. By Elder Henry C. Blinn. IN the Volunteer's Gazetteamong many other good things, we find Captain Habedank, who is keenly alive to the salvation of souls,writing under the above unique title. Whatever may be thought of any religious faith, or the saving grace that may be attacht to it, we are quite certain that its value will be enhanced in proportion to the amount of 'Common Sense' that may be used in the illustrations that are brought forward. That religious commodity which is sometimes thrown to the winds with more zeal than wisdom, under the assertion that it is Bible religion, has in it but little practical value, and sometimes still less common sense. 'To be good and to do good,' is a genuine quality of religion, of which the possessor need not be ashamed, and yet it is wholly outside of the Bible, so far as the quotation is concerned. To be good is to be godlike, and this includes all the beatitudes of the New Testament. The element of goodness is from everlasting and precedes all the works of creation and especially all records, whether civil or sacred. It is wonderful how much good may be accomplisht by a few individuals if they are devoted to the prosperity of their religious order in the world, and yet their message of God's love to man is as old as the creation of man. The Volunteer message bearers, like many others, have come as 'an army with banners' and are gloriously inarching on to a great victory. Many zealous souls are engaged in duties equally as necessary for the present and future happiness of the family of man, even tho their work deals largely in the interests of the body. Salvation must be obtained by degrees, for both the body and soul, and this can be done only as the work of preparation is accomplisht. Those who have fostered unclean or immoral habits, and are marred 'as the vessel in the hands of the potter,' must begin with personal cleanliness prior to being baptized into any spiritual ministration. An unwasht Christian, or an immoral Christian must, indeed, be a misnomer, but the willing convert to any Christian church, who accepts the beautiful teaching of the New Testament, 'Cleanse first that which is within the cup and platter, that the outside of them may be clean also.'Matt, xxiii., 26, will find much needful work to do. Cleanliness comes so near to godliness that one might be inclined to say that it is godliness, but the Apostle, as a faithful teacher enters a little more into the details and shows the first and essential work that a saving grace demands. 'Let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God.'II Cor. vii., 1. Accepting this preparatory work that demands such a rigid purification, a great salvation must follow so long as obedience is maintained. If we can be assured that tlrs 'Common Sense' has been consecrated to the good work of redeeming humanity, then it becomes so much the more valuable in its ministrations. Then it is that oui-reason combined with a higher reason in the ministration of good-will to man, will be able to accomplish works that are almost superhuman. A wonderful interest is taken in reading the visitations of Jesus, and how kindly he raised his hand to heal the sick, to restore sight to the blind, and make the lame to walk. While the disciples lookt on with astonishment, Jesus remarkt, 'Greater works than these shall ye do.' And the disciples were especially gifted, in his name, to accomplish many wonderful things. It is the loving simplicity of this testimony of Jesus that finds a ready response in the hearts of the rich and the poor, the learned and no less the unlearned. There are but few, very few persons who can not, in some degree, discriminate between right and wrong, having reference to their own duty to God and to man, and it is through this channel that they are able to make a divine or consecrated use of their valuable common sense. Jesus very plainly informed his disciples of this fact,'Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.' There is no mystery about this statement. If the treasure is the accumulation of a selfish interest, then the heart's affections are absorbed in the same order of life, and this state forms the heaven for the soul. 'Go and sell that thou hast and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven, and come and follow me.' This advice to the rich, young man was the ' 'Consecrated Common Sense' of Jesus, and it was the only terms upon which this promise could be offered as an assurance of entering into the kingdom of God, or of becoming a preacher of righteousness, according to the testimony of the Christ. Eloquent divines may bring forward beautiful illustrations on the 'Ministry of Riches,' and prove to their own satisfaction that these riches are no barrier against an entrance into the kingdom. Jesus says otherwise ;it was the selfishness of the rich, and no less the selfishness of the poor, whether it represented one dollar or one hundred dollars that formed the barrier. He would carefully impress his disciples that their whole life and all they possest should be devoted to the work of the God of peace and for the good of humanity. That the narrowness of individual interests were the selfish interests of the children of this world, and could not be in harmony with the spiritual life of his heavenly kingdom. In this work for humanity, Jesus illustrated fully the great difference of a journey over the narrow way, which .would lead to peace and prosperity in this life and assure the disciple of a reward in the life to come; and that of the broad road which admitted all that was unclean or belonged to a selfish interest. If we call this manifestation of his wisdom and love his 'Consecrated Common Sense,' it may be the best illustration of the term that could be brought to the mind, as it appealed to the common sense of his many hearers, and as the record informs us, 'the common people heard him gladly.' East Canterbury, N. H.