Sanitary. CAUSES OF HEADACHE. The ordinary headache which is so extremely common among the inhabitants of our Atlantic seaboard towns is the outcome of conditions affecting the nerves through impoverisht blood containing poisonous matter absorbed from badly digested food. So-called liver torpidity and the catarrhal affections due to our changeable climate also aid in effecting its spread. Nervous exhaustion, due to irregular and fast living, plays an important part in its causation. Nervous strain, especially of the eyes, and inflamed tissues about the internal bones of the nose are special causes. Nerve irritation, which is but poorly understood by the general reader, is a prolific cause of so-called nervous headache. 1 know of no more dangerous practice than to treat headache pain blindly with drugs. 4 Of course, outdoor exercise is the best possible thing for permanent cure. It is very easy to relieve most forms of headache by means of the coal-tar derivatives, of which so many are in the drug market. These form the basis of the many headache cures found on the druggists' shelves. Their use is not entirely without danger, for they are powerful heart depressants if taken in doses of any considerable size. Ladies' Home Journal. THE EXPRESSION OF THE FACE. The expression of the face is continually changing. No artist, no camera can catch this changing, fleeting, evanescent expression. When you look in the glass, the very desire to find out how you look is depicted on your face. The more you strive, the more the intent is intensified, and such an expression is not natural to your face. How often do we look at a photograph and find only disappointment in it? Why is this? The camera depicts the sitter just as he is at the moment the picture is taken, but very seldom can the instrument catch and record that subtle thing called 'natural expression,' because few persons are natural when seated before the camera. Well, what of all this? simply this. If you are noble, loving and true, such virtues will light up your face: if you are sordid, mean and selfish, your face proclaims it to the world. Anything in your life that is active for good or evil will impress itself upon your personal appearance. Pride, scorn, hate and lust write themselves indelibly in the physiognomy, when such ignoble qualities rule the life and have become habitual to the countenance, and the features themselves become permanently changed to accord with the expressions. [Extract from an editorial in the Journal of Medicine and Science.]