Books and Papers. The Outlook Among the specially noteworthy contents of the Magazine Number of The Outlook may be named; Profes&amp;or Luneia nils beautifully illustrated article on Modem Home; another installment i i Mr. initial IViiCr rthy's The Story of Gladstone's lite, ^ith seventeen pictures, some of exceptional interest; an account of the founding of The Firat Working Girls' Club, by the founder, the Honorable Maude Stanley; an illustrated article on The Real Isaiah, by Clifton H. Levy, which describes the extremely interesting work being done at John Hopkins on the famous Polychrome Bible; a charming out of doors love story by Priseilld Leonard called A Day at Lone Island; an article by Bishop Hunting-ton on The Imitation of Christone of a series called Aids to Devotion. - The history of the week is given as usual succinctly and broadly; and there are other articles than those mentioned, both with pictures and without the in, departments of reviews, religious news, stories for little people, etc., etc. [$3 a year. The Outlook Company, 13 A stor Place, Sew York.] The Ladies' Home Journal The first and only pictures Mrs. McKinley has had taken in ten years will appear in the October number of The Ladies' Home Journal. They form part of a series of new and unpublisht photographs of the new occupants of the White House. Mrs. McKinley wore for her picture her inaugural ball dress of silver and white brocade, at the special request of the President, who thought it particularly becoming. The excellent portrait of Mr. McKinley in his office was taken in June. The other pictures in the series show the many changes in the arrangements and furnishings of the rooms and grounds, made by the President and Mrs .McKinley. Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly The Hawaiian Islands are well described and well illustrated in an article by George H. Johnson in Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly for October. It gives in an attractive manner the history and' customs of the people of this future territory of the United States. In the same magazine is an interesting andvalii able historical paper on The Landmarks and Memories of the Hackensack Valley, by John P. Ritter: in which are recalled, with photographic views, many of the stirring events of the Revolution which occurred in the lower part of New York State, including the trial of Major Andre. Some Kentucky Women, is a brief paper on the belles of the Blue Grass, made particularly attractive by numerous portraits of beautiful women. George Willis Bardwell contributes a pleasing sketch of the Breton peasants, which is illustrated by beautiful reproductions of paintings by Henry Mosler. Another article which contains entertaining reading as well as important information is Salmon-fishing on the Columbia, by Joseph Williams Collins; giving a graphic picture of the work and methods of those engaged in the securing and canning of salmon. The college article this month, the twelfth in the series, describes that great western institution, the Leland Stanford Junior University, and is written by O. L. Elliot. Like the preceeding papers it is pi-ofusely illustiated with portraits and views. Other articles in this * number are; The Island of Marcken, Old Coaching Inns, Some Paintings 'by Modern Artists, The Last Duel in the Place Royale; there are a number of short stories, the continuation of the serial, a department for boys and girls, a poem by Louise Chandler Moulton, and an illustrated Hallowe'en poem by Minna Irving.Frank Leslie's Publishing House, New York. How To Grow Flowers How To Grow Flowers for October furnishes a feast of good things for the lovers of flowers. This is the season to plant bulbs for winter and spring flowering, and the current' number of How To Grow Flowers gives full cultural directions for this purpose. 'House culture of The Rose,' is begun in this number, as is also an interesting floral story, 'Outside the Altar Bail.' In addition there are installments of 'Fall work in the Flower Garden,' 'Bulb Growing in Holland,' and 'The Rose.' All the usual departments are filled with seasonable advice.How To Grow Flowers, Springfield, Ohio. Word and Works Word and Works for October has a chapter on the Sun, Moon and Planets, which will afford a fund of information to the careful student. Also a chapter on Star Study, for October, so that any one can study the heavens while he is busily engaged with duties on the earth. Word and Works is by no means confined to star gazing. In this number will be found a long chapter on Single Tax, and the writer promises that in his next article he will point out the theory of Single Tax and what it will do when in operation, and by reading Single Tax ]So. 2 which will be found on another page of this same paper, the whole story will be solved. In the Forecasts, for October the reader will have a chance to note what changes to expect and to prepare himself accordingly. The Department of Home Sweet Home, affords abundant information for doing good. Progress in Science, abounds in useful information while the Query Corner, is full of new life. Other good things may be found in this same number, as the fortunate possessor will be sure to learn.Word and Works Pub. Co. 2201 Locust St., St. Louis, Mo. The Moral Aspects of the Higher Criticism The Moral Aspects of the Higher Criticism by H. L. Hastings. The writer of this little work says,'one of the settled conclusions of the leading Higher Critics of our day is, that the Scriptures of the old and new Covenant are not Scriptures of J Truth.' Mr. Hastings does not accept this statement but in expressing his own mind goes onlo say,'Much of the higherCi itieism of the present (hiy .shows the inac :uraey of the critics and their very supei liciai aequainttanee with the books they comment upon. The fact is a plain man who read* nnd understands his English Bible is likely to !) better informed on many points than a scholar with a head full of Hebrew roots, who neglects an.I discredits the writings which he processes to study and expound.' II. L. Hastings, No. 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health f &gt;r Octouer has an illn.-tr;;t d article by Jessie A. Fowler an i oi' no 1,' - a personage than the president oi the Briti.-h A a.-o'eiation for the Advancement of ScienceSir John Evans. Piofessor Sizer lias written upon a very interesting subject,Brain, Mind, Thought, Soul and readers ol the Journal will stuiv it with much care, as it is an answer to this question, Does Phrenology teach Materialism? Phrenotypes have reacht No. lii.in.I this one by H. S. Dray ton, M. L&gt;. is a vindication of 'Poe.' Klondikers will be interested to real about the Alaskan Natives and to see the ueairiful poi ti ait of their next . io.&gt;r n yighoor. Then follows a iJiMivr o:\ K luxation, l&gt;y Miss S. Dexter and I hen :.n ilai tinted article on 'People of Note.' A Portrait of Father K:),'i:)p, 'the genuine old priest whose water euie, or grass cure made him famous,' will be stu lied with interest while they wonder at the 'N.-w Cure System.' The ^Esthetic Force of A m:;ti veness by B. Y. Lain. A Snap Shot at the T :n\. K.s^Kmtum and then The Science of Health. Children Precious and Promising, is always interesting, uml 'the best mother is r-he. who studies the peculiar character of each child and acts with well instructs 1 ju ljm;y.it, upon the knowledge so obtained.'Fowler &amp; Wells Co. 27 East 21st St. New York, N. Y.