THE SILENT FORCES. By Hamilton DeGraw. OF the manifestations of life in its varied forms, the most powerful and far-reaching in their results are the forces that to the materialistic mind are void, because in their operation they are removed from the glamor that surrounds and seems necessary to impress the undevelopt spirit. When the Divine teacher announced the importance of retiring into the closet and in silent devotion sending forth the prayer, he announced one of the grandest truths that was ever presented for human acceptance. In the movements of life upward it is from the silent, the powerful forces from which is evolved the strength that is lifting toward the higher. When before the prophet's vision there past in review the noisy demonstrations of life in the earthquake, thunder and tempest, but not to them was the highest manifestations of Divine life, but in the voice of silence there was demonstrated the highest embodiment of truth. That the external may be necessary to attract and center the life on the reality is admissible. As toys in the hands of childhood, so the powers that appeal most strongly to the material sense are a proof that there are yet unfolded forces hid under their noisy demonstrations. Evolution is not a backward movement, for on it is written the law of eternal progression. The life history of our planet, written on its rock strata, and read by the clear eye and unclouded intellect of the true scientist gives proof of the convulsive periods in the remote past when the forms of life then existing were destroyed, and as the creative forces replaced the old with new and better conditions the primitive forms of life could not retain their position, for onward must be the eternal watchword. In the realm of mechanics the nearer that ideal is attained which is seeking to grasp and control the forces operating in the material world the less demonstrative to the extreme sense are their manifestations. Simplicity is the close companion of perfection and the nearer its realization the less complicated are its forces. The mysterious only remains so until it is understood. Like the pent up forces in the material world which result in explosions and upheavals have been the political and religious convulsions which have destroyed nations and overthrown civilizations. Neither one in the highest sense had within them the elements of progress, but were a means used to remove the debris that had collected preventing further growth. The powers which to-day are the most potent factors in the advancement of life move so silently that those who are looking for a great sign in the heavens which is to usher in a new and improved order of life, feel that nothing is being done because it is not heralded with the blast of trumpets and immediate destruction of all opposing elements. 'The kingdom of heaven is within.' From the internal to the external is the true order of development. The source from which tLe soul draws its inspiration makes it either an obstruction or a builder who is helping to shape and expand the temple of universal life. The intuitive faculty that enables us spiritually to feel the condition of surrounding life is closely allied to the prophetic gift, and while in that illuminated state are enabled to predict future events. This power 'cometh not with observation,' the method by which unilluminated minds arrive at results. It is felt and thereby the evidence which is given is known to be real. It is the silent voice speaking to the soul that has been prepared to receive those heavenly ministrations. In the interior life even if clouded by externalities or obstructed in its expansion by false theological teaching is that ''temple not made with hands.' How to attain the knowledge that will open it to the divine Spirit is a problem that perplexes the soul living in the externalities of life because it does not understand the things of the Spirit. Many ways are devised by which admittance may be gained, but whosoever cometh not through the gate the same is a thief and a robber. Those who have been admitted to communion in that temple, are the ones who have given all they possest to advance the truth in a manner that the left hand knoweth not what the right hand doeth. Like the dew, as it is silently distilled, so are the forces that have in them the greatest power to build a truer and better life in the individual or the state. Shakers, N. Y.