THE CROSS. By Ezra J. Stewart. ONE who did.his own thinkingwho was always guided by the ever increasing light of his own inner consciousness,one who lived a pure life given up to the interests of all mankind said,'And whosoever doth not bear his cross and come after me can not be my disciple.' Much has been said concerning the cross, so much perhaps as to convey to many the idea of a great burden. To the soul that aspires for spiritual light and guidance it becomes necessary that a constant watchfulness be maintained over the thoughts, feelings and actions; and yet to one who has come into an understanding of the law of the Higher life there need be no distressing burden connected with this call. It is only when the mind is not fully resigned ; when a fixt determination has not been attained; when there still remains in the heart a lingering desire for those things which do not feed the soul, but pander exclusively to the physical senses, only then does there exist a consciousness of burdensome care. Jesus said,'My yoke is easy and my burden is light.' We have the power to make our cross light or heavy in proportion as we enter into the work with a whole heart. Is it a burden for the true mother to care for her child,to spend days and years of earnest, watchful devotion ? Many times she may become weary and worn, but never the thought of a heavy cross finds abiding place in her mind because heart and soul are in her work, she loves it. And so it is with those who have entered thoroughly into the new life,the life of the Spirit, into that life which to the animal man appears so mysterious. Having become convinced that only 'the pure in heart shall see God' or the good, in making this the all-absorbing desire, we will find with Jesus an easy yoke and a light burden. It will then become second nature to be careful and watchful; our every aspiration will lift heavenward and all the faculties of mind and soul will become so quickened and illuminated as to enable us to perceive and cast from us the slightest indication of any thought which would not tend to the development of the God life within. We shall then know that there is naught but good or God, that this Life fills our life, is indeed omnipotent and omnipresent. Those who have become sufficiently un- folded to realize the joys of the spiritual life, freely and gladly follow the injunction to 'seek first the kingdom of heaven,' for to them it is given to know that 'all things needful will be added.' Happy, indeed, is the soul who has h ard the unmistakable voice of his inner consciousness calling to a higher realm than the mere animal or even the purely intellectual plane of being and lias had the courage to answer by casting aside all customs, creeds and dogmas, all preconceived ideas and even the admonition of friends, if these interfered with his advancement. To such an one the gates of heaven are open, the work of eternity looms up as one long and glorious opportunity for conquest. Heaven to this soul will consist in ever reaching out for more truth. The cross is then swallowed up in one long continuous victory,a victory over selfishness and over death. There is a high repose which rests as an abiding guest in the soul illuminated with the knowledge of Godliness. When this resting place has been reacht we may say with John Burroughs; Serene I fold my hands and wait Nor care for wind, nor tide, nor sea; I rave no more 'gainst time or fate For lo, my own shall come to me. And this restfulness does not mean going to sleep, on the contrary it is a soul awakening. It is finding that nothing ctm tire us. It is to have eliminated from our thought the fear of poverty or riches, of disease or death, and to have these fears removed is to become in time completely delivered from the conditions themselves and to be lifted up to those glorious heights where in a fulness of that perfect love which casteth out every fear the burden has been changed to the glory of the cross. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.