Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. September. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1896. 57.5 6.5 in. 1897. 61.6 1.75 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 88. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 32 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 5 ' ' clear ' ' ' 17 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 8 Oct. 1897. A mean, stingy man invited his pastor to dine with him. Altho he was wealthy, he was so penurious that he furnisht a scanty table. The pastor was invited to ask a blessing which he did, thus; 'Lord, make us thankful for what we are about to receivefor these greens without bacon, this bread without salt, this coffee without sugar, and after we have received it give thy servant strength to get home in time for dinner.' Our staple cultivated crops are generally very poor. Potatoes have rotted sadly, we have not more than one third of a crop. We shall have to be satisfied with two bushels a week if not less, for family consumption until another crop is raised. Tomatoes are nearly a failure throughout this region. Even the hardy cabbage is dwarft. Apples are but a medium crop; yet for what we have we can pronounce the pastor's blessing. We have an excellent dairy and a plenty of some kinds of fruit. The flood July 14th made bad work with our ponds by washing in gravel and rubbish, a mass of it got washt into the aqueduct that drives the laundry w.iterwheel so as to render the power inoperative. This has employed three hands so far this week to remove the obstruction, which is not yet accomplisht. The spring water-pipe from the artesian well refused to transmit water through it. By digging and tapping the pipe we found that polypus and rust formed the obstruction. This we remedied by the purchasing and laying nearly 800 ft. of 2 in. iron pipe at a cost of $120. With all our earthly troubles we keep our hold on heaven. Elder Joseph Slingerland, of Union Village, O. Sr. Angeline Cox, of Watervliet, N. Y. Sr. Marcia Bullard, and a young Sister of Harvard, Mass, are spending a short season with us. Calvin O. Heed, South Family. Oct. 1897. You will please excuse, Our telling the news, That fall has come And the trees * begun To grow sere and brown With leaves falling down, But the apples are ripe And free from blight, Tho potatoes are small We are saving them all And trust they will last Till winter hss past. We're all busy as bees 'Mong the flowering trees, While the laborers are few We have plen- ty to do But the Lord from on high All ' needs will supply, So we've nothing to fear Thro' each swift fleeting year. The spirit of enterprise still lives and goes marching on. The old platform roof of the horse barn has been removed and a slate one substituted in its stead the past .summer. Sweet corn drying is the chorus of our morning, noonday and evening song. These fine sunny days are just the days needed for completing our autumn harvest. Sister Elizabeth Sidle late of Sonyea has come to reside with us, happy is she aad thankful are we to have it so. 'All things come to those who wait.' We were pleased to meet our friend Sr. Angeline Cox of Watervliet who visited us in company with Sisters, Marcia Bullard and Charlotte Tremper of Harvard, Mass. Genevieve DeGraw.