NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. September. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1896. 57.5 6.5 in. 1897. 61.6 1.75 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 88. above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 32 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 5 ' ' clear ' ' ' 17 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 8 Oct. 1897. A mean, stingy man invited his pastor to dine with him. Altho he was wealthy, he was so penurious that he furnisht a scanty table. The pastor was invited to ask a blessing which he did, thus; 'Lord, make us thankful for what we are about to receivefor these greens without bacon, this bread without salt, this coffee without sugar, and after we have received it give thy servant strength to get home in time for dinner.' Our staple cultivated crops are generally very poor. Potatoes have rotted sadly, we have not more than one third of a crop. We shall have to be satisfied with two bushels a week if not less, for family consumption until another crop is raised. Tomatoes are nearly a failure throughout this region. Even the hardy cabbage is dwarft. Apples are but a medium crop; yet for what we have we can pronounce the pastor's blessing. We have an excellent dairy and a plenty of some kinds of fruit. The flood July 14th made bad work with our ponds by washing in gravel and rubbish, a mass of it got washt into the aqueduct that drives the laundry w.iterwheel so as to render the power inoperative. This has employed three hands so far this week to remove the obstruction, which is not yet accomplisht. The spring water-pipe from the artesian well refused to transmit water through it. By digging and tapping the pipe we found that polypus and rust formed the obstruction. This we remedied by the purchasing and laying nearly 800 ft. of 2 in. iron pipe at a cost of $120. With all our earthly troubles we keep our hold on heaven. Elder Joseph Slingerland, of Union Village, O. Sr. Angeline Cox, of Watervliet, N. Y. Sr. Marcia Bullard, and a young Sister of Harvard, Mass, are spending a short season with us. Calvin O. Heed, South Family. Oct. 1897. You will please excuse, Our telling the news, That fall has come And the trees * begun To grow sere and brown With leaves falling down, But the apples are ripe And free from blight, Tho potatoes are small We are saving them all And trust they will last Till winter hss past. We're all busy as bees 'Mong the flowering trees, While the laborers are few We have plen- ty to do But the Lord from on high All ' needs will supply, So we've nothing to fear Thro' each swift fleeting year. The spirit of enterprise still lives and goes marching on. The old platform roof of the horse barn has been removed and a slate one substituted in its stead the past .summer. Sweet corn drying is the chorus of our morning, noonday and evening song. These fine sunny days are just the days needed for completing our autumn harvest. Sister Elizabeth Sidle late of Sonyea has come to reside with us, happy is she aad thankful are we to have it so. 'All things come to those who wait.' We were pleased to meet our friend Sr. Angeline Cox of Watervliet who visited us in company with Sisters, Marcia Bullard and Charlotte Tremper of Harvard, Mass. Genevieve DeGraw. Shakers, N. Y. Oct. 1897. We record the date of Oct. 3rd as closing the season of active growth in vegetation, the date of our first heavy frost. In our experimental plat this season we tested eight new varieties of tomatoes and selected one that we will retain. The New Stone is a very desirable variety. Smooth, deep red, solid, making it desirable for canners and for marketing fresh. Of the older varieties we have found none that could excel 'Fordhook's First;' early, smooth and excellent quality. We have been enjoying beautiful autumn weather and anticipate a continuance of the same. .The habit of looking on the bright side of life is a very desirable one and can be cultivated as well as any other faculty. We all know that in this world of ours there is enough to depress and sadden the human soul and it needs many times a strong effort to penetrate the cloud that overshadows the material life to realize that beyond there is a silver lining. In the mad scramble for wealth which is being illustrated in the rush to the Alaskan gold fields is portrayed the truth that 'all is not gold that glitters,' and to be contented is to be happy. This does not imply that there should not be an effort made for the betterment of our condition for in that struggle is realized our happiness. With a joyful and thankful heart we recount the many blessings that have been vouchsafed to our lot the past year as we follow it on its descending scale and realize that if we advance in the knowledge of the truth it must be by progressing from the errors that have been incidental to our environment. May we put on the whole armor and with a brave heart and cheerful spirit meet the issues of life. Hamilton DeGraw. Narcoossee, Fla. Oct. 1897. 'With all thy gettings get understanding.' It is very evident that there is no liberty, only in the spirit of truth, and when the soul has that in possession and is grounded immovably, it realizes a liberty in its manifestations that is not obtained elsewhere. Unless God build the city they who labor,labor in vain. In union with our parent Society we are striving to build up our little branch. If we have truth for the basis of our structure we shall succeed. We expect trials on our march through life, and the only way to meet them is with an unflinching purpose. During September we had frequent showers, and on the 20th we had a great down pour,eight inches in 24 hours. The rain did much damage. The land in Florida is so porous that after a heavy shower, we can again begin to plough, in about ten hours. Commercial fertilizers are of little value on pine lands, until they have been fertilized by the cattle. Our pinery has been enlarged. The Sisters are engaged in the raising of tomatoes and have over 200 plants set. Our cassava which stands some six feet high, is about ready to dig. This is a root that will be greatly prized in Florida for its amount of starch and as food for the table. Andrew Barrett.