Correspondence. The company of singers from East Canterbury, N. H. spoken of in our... [The company of singers from East Canterbury, N. H. spoken of in our last issue, who spent several days with the Believers at Sabbathday Lake and Alfred, Me., on. Sept. 15th were invited to visit the County Jail in the latter town. While passing through the premises, an opportunity presented itself to sing a few sacred selections to the unfortunate inmates which was kindly accepted. During the singing of the last hjmn to a company at work outside of the main building, the prisoners within listened attentively from the open windows and the singing was answered with a hearty 'Good bye, God bless you,' from all. Touching indeed was the simple, yet sincere benediction, falling as it did from the lips of the prisoners. On the afternoon of the same day, the following letter was received, which will speak for itself to our appreciative readers.J.] York County Jail, Alfred, Me. Sept. 15, 1897. Elder Henry Green, Dear Sir ;In the name of eachand every inmate of this jail, the present letter is written as a token of gratitude for the precious visit received this day, and the sweet songs heard from the gracious Shakers. If the sweet singers do not reside with you, kindly forward our message to them. Glorious deeds have had their greatest incentive from the homely ballads that gladdened the hearts of our ancestors. Few people who are not distinctly musical realize the benefits to society derived from the refining influence 'of music. Music is said to be the food of love, and love to be the refining influence which creates civilization. Does it not follow then, that a more general cultivation of music would have a tendency to decrease crime ? I believe that a large proportion of those who are now in durance vile would never have been led into the commission of crime if their home life was what it might have been. Increase the pleasures of home life and you will lessen the temptations which everywhere greet the unhappy. Assuring you that in return for your sweet songs which have touched our lonely hearts, we will endeavor to become better men; and imploring our common Father to fill your souls with peace and joy here and hereafter We remain your grateful servants, The Prisoners. -per R.