Books and Papers. The Outlook The November Magazine Number of The Outlook will contain an article by Mr. Hamilton W. Mabie, founded on the authorized biography of Lord Tennyson by his son, which has just appeared. A notably fine reproduction of Watt's funions painting of Tennyson, and other illustrations, will accompany the article. ($3 a year. The Outlook Co., 13 Astor Place, New York.) The Ladies' Home Journal A territory of 271,000 square miles, comprising Washington, Idaho and Oregon as they are to-day, was saved to the Union by one man. He had the courage and heroism to ride on muleback for three thousand miles. The ride was thrilling, the trials and hardships marvelous, the result a glorious one. The whole story, beautifully illustrated, will be given in the November issue of The Ladies' Home Journal, under the title, 'When Dr. Whitman Added Three Stars to our Flag,' the closing and most intensely interesting article in the Journal's successful series of 'Great Personal Events.' The first women to cross the Rockies figure in the story, which proves beyond a doubt that they preceded Fremont, the 'Pathfinder,' by six years. Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly Andrew Jackson is'the subject of the leading article in Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly for November. It treats of the General in private life, and is the first of a series of papers on the life, times and compatriots of the popular hero, which will run in that magazine for several months. A. Oakey Hall contributes this first article, which is illustrated with excellent drawings by H. M. Eaton, and portraits and relics of 'Old Hickory.' Another attractive article in this number is The Moqui Indian Snake Dance, by Lieut. E. H. Pluminer; with photographic reproductions of different phases of the dance. Then there is a paper on The Fisherfolk of Scotland, by M. E. Leicester Addis, also well illustrated. The college article this month, the twelfth in this magazine's series, treats of Columbia University, and is by J. Frederic Thorne. Other interesting things in the number are; Amidst the Shades of Unibrian Painters, by E. C. Vansittart; Mexican Customs, by Annetta Halliday-Antona; The River Eden, by Rim bait Dibdin; Some Curious Duels, by J. Cuthbert Hadden; and a paper on Lord Mayor's Day, describing the ceremonies attending the Installation of London's chief magistrate. There are a number of clever short stories; a particularly bright young folks department; some talks about new books, and the always interesting 'Leslie Portfolio.'