MUTUAL SERVICE. By Martha J. Anderson. IN the recognition of men's need of each other is laid the foundation of the structure of society, and also the growth of the moral sentiment, which places duty before pleasure in the relation we hold to each other in the social compact. The non-fulfillment of the true plan of human life, brings unhappiness to those who are blest with means and power to do good or misery to those who are deprived of the benefits that brighten and bless existence. The former waste their energies in luxury, idleness and self-destructive passions; the latter are driven to enforced idleness and crime by the crying needs engendered by poverty. It is not in the liberal distribution of alms that blessing alone redounds to the giver; but in the rendering of heart and soul service, in de- vising means for the uplifting and bettering of low conditions among the unfortunate. Men are not the separate individuals they are wont to imagine themselves. We are all placed in this world in relation to others, to make of ourselves the noblest and the best in rendering all we have to give for mutual love and service. Our thought of sacrifice, must not be for emolument or reward, but an altruistic self-surrender for unity of attainment in the good that is the inheritance of all. Individualism must lose the ego, in the higher ideal of the greater breadth of-life, love and happiness, that belongs not only to^ one but to many. 'Thus the advance of humanity is carried on. But still it remains true, that for the individual the richness and fulness of his life, depends upou the extent of his own givings up. It can not be done for him; for however much may be taken from him unwillingly, it is not until he makes it his own act that he begins to live. It is in this moral sphere that the truth of positive denial receives its most important verification. Not only from the blessed experience of those who have proved that the only true having is in giving up; but equally in the empty, weary discontent of those, who, refusing to accept this law have tried to retain their good things in the self form, and have found that the reality eluded them and what they held so tightly clutcht was a vain shadow.' 'To him that hath, (holding in the spirit of brotherhood,) shall be given more; to him that hath not, shall be taken away even that he seemeth to have' (all illusory selfish pleasure.) There is a self-consciousness that seeks dominion over the soul, that limits, narrows and draws away from real life, it is inimical to the law of universal love. If we withdraw from the chrysalis of exclusiveness, and expand the higher social and religious elements of our nature, we shall enlarge the sphere of our usefulness and ministration. 'It is not good for man to be alone.' The scholar and recluse are apt to grow misanthropic. Association with others, gives balance to mind and heart. Self-control is the pivot of harmony. Too much by ourselves we create a surrounding aura that is infilled with our own ills and weaknesses, thus we foster that which we might overcome with the magnetic life currents of others which are strength, hope and cheerfulness. 'True love casts out all fear ;' it is brave, helpful and reciprocal. If our thoughts and feelings are engaged in devotion to the high behests of duty, there will come renewed life and activity in every sphere of needful service, but if we are continually seeking to gratify some selfish ambition, we shall fail of attainment in any noble endeavor, and miss at last that which we so ardently seek. How true the thought, ' 'It is only with renunciation that life, properly speaking, can be said to begin. Mount Lebanon, N. Y.