Books and Papers. The Outlook The November Magazine Number of The Outlook will contain an article by Mr. Hamilton W. Mabie, founded on the authorized biography of Lord Tennyson by his son, which has just appeared. A notably fine reproduction of Watt's funions painting of Tennyson, and other illustrations, will accompany the article. ($3 a year. The Outlook Co., 13 Astor Place, New York.) The Ladies' Home Journal A territory of 271,000 square miles, comprising Washington, Idaho and Oregon as they are to-day, was saved to the Union by one man. He had the courage and heroism to ride on muleback for three thousand miles. The ride was thrilling, the trials and hardships marvelous, the result a glorious one. The whole story, beautifully illustrated, will be given in the November issue of The Ladies' Home Journal, under the title, 'When Dr. Whitman Added Three Stars to our Flag,' the closing and most intensely interesting article in the Journal's successful series of 'Great Personal Events.' The first women to cross the Rockies figure in the story, which proves beyond a doubt that they preceded Fremont, the 'Pathfinder,' by six years. Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly Andrew Jackson is'the subject of the leading article in Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly for November. It treats of the General in private life, and is the first of a series of papers on the life, times and compatriots of the popular hero, which will run in that magazine for several months. A. Oakey Hall contributes this first article, which is illustrated with excellent drawings by H. M. Eaton, and portraits and relics of 'Old Hickory.' Another attractive article in this number is The Moqui Indian Snake Dance, by Lieut. E. H. Pluminer; with photographic reproductions of different phases of the dance. Then there is a paper on The Fisherfolk of Scotland, by M. E. Leicester Addis, also well illustrated. The college article this month, the twelfth in this magazine's series, treats of Columbia University, and is by J. Frederic Thorne. Other interesting things in the number are; Amidst the Shades of Unibrian Painters, by E. C. Vansittart; Mexican Customs, by Annetta Halliday-Antona; The River Eden, by Rim bait Dibdin; Some Curious Duels, by J. Cuthbert Hadden; and a paper on Lord Mayor's Day, describing the ceremonies attending the Installation of London's chief magistrate. There are a number of clever short stories; a particularly bright young folks department; some talks about new books, and the always interesting 'Leslie Portfolio.' A Historical Introduction To The Peshitto Syriac New Testament A pamphlet of unusual Interest by H. L. Hastings of Boston has just come to us. It bears the title, A Historical Introduction To The Peshitto Syriac New Testament which was translated into English by the famous Biblical scholar James Murdock, S. T. D. The object of the Historical Introduction is to assist the student in acquiring a more thorough acquaintance of the work. In publishing this Introduction Mr. Hastings is rendering a valuable service to Biblical students, anil in fact, to all who are interested in securing an accurate account of the original manuscripts of the books of the Bible. Almanac We are informed that the 1898 Almanac of Prof. Irl R. Hicks is now ready, and judging from its past history, it will not be many weeks in finding its way into homes and offices all over America. It is much larger and finer than any previous issue. It contains 116 pages, is splendidly printed and illustrated on fine book paper, having the finest portrait ever given of Prof. Hicks. It can no longer be denied that the publications of Prof. Hicks have become a necessity to the family and commercial life of this country. His journal Word and Works, aside from its storm weather and astronomical features, has taken rank with the best literary, scientific and family magazines of the age. Do not believe hearsay and reports. See the Hicks Almanac and paper for yourself. You will then know why they are so popular. They are educators of the millions, and unrivaled safeguards to property and human life. It is matter of simple record that Prof. Hicks has foretold for many years all great storms, floods, drouths and tornadoes, even the recent terrible drouth over all the country. The Almanac alone is 25 cents a copy. The paper is $1,00 a year with the Almanac as a premium. Send to Word and Works Pub. Co., 2201 Locust St., St Louis, Mo. How To Grow Flowers How To Grow Flowers for November is valuable to an unusual degree in contents, and a beautiful specimen of typographical art. 'One wonders,' says an exchange in speaking of this publication, 'if its attractive pages, with their clear type and good pictures are so much superior to those of certain of its kindred in the publishing world, because edited by a woman, and a woman florist at that.' Some especial features of the November namber are articles on 'The Winter Planting of Roses in the South,' Starting Bulbs in November,' 'House Culture of the Rose,' 'Eben E. Rexford's 'Fall Work in the Flower Garden' ' is concluded and John M. Good's ''The Rose' runs through another installment. Five cents a copy at newsdealers, or fifty cts. a year with premium, of the publisher, Miss Ella V. Baines, Springfield, Ohio.