SCIENCE v. s. THE CHRIST By Charles Jay Maclaughlin ~TT'T~HEN schism crept into the primitive church, causing it to fall, men VV came under the bondage of creed. The original faith and practice of the church of Christ as taught by our Savior and reiterated by his apostles gradually disappeared. The doctrine, '-Work out}7our own salvation with fear and trembling; for it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure' was set aside. Practically, men were told to allow the individual understanding to decay and listen only to the voice of the priest and prelate. This state of affairs brought with it the dark ages and the notorious corruption of the Roman clergy against which Savanarola hurled his anathemas, Melancthon penned his disquisitions and Luther thundered his denunciations, opening anew the scriptures to individual inquiry. While the Reformation broke the power of Rome it signally failed to lift the people from the bondage of dogma hence orthodoxy has not given forth that light which it claims. In the original gospel there was no dogma, no creed, no system of theology, but a living faith and practice. Martin Luther, however, began the work of individual thought carried forward by such men as Jacob Brehme, Emanuel Swedenborg and the whole host of names which have givtn lustre to the pages of modern literature. But the difference between the work of Brehme, Swedenborg and Ann Lee lies in the fact that their minds were illuminated while others brought forth the inspiration of natural genius. Herein lies the distinction between science aud the Christ. Dante, Schiller, Goethe, Kant, Shakespeare, Mohere, Montague, Rorscean, Carlysle, Browning, Emerson and the rest belong to the realm of natural inquiry properly denominated science (from scire, to know;) but to know a thing from the standpoint of the natural mind is very different from perceiving it by illumination. In the efforts of mankind to break away from creed there have come forth in these latter days with the running to and fro, divers doctrines which while an aid to the development of the natural intellect are no part of that mind which was in Christ Jesus our Lord and which carries with it the only genuine power for soul healing from which all sin, sickness and death emanate. Theosophy, Ethical Culture and the vaiious forms of mental science belong to this class. They are neither substitutes for the Christ nor effective panaceas for the ills of humanity. All things springing from the natural mind today are tainted with the spirit of the prince of this world. Jesus said to the Pharisees; 'Ye are of this world; I am not of this world.'* This doctrine of the Christ is just as true to-day and ever must be. We have reacht a time when the old serpent through the natural powers of man will be able to counterfeit everything from Heaven but the saving of the soul. It will be remembered that Moses threw down his rod and it became a serpent; the THE MANIFESTO. 7 Egyptian magicians then threw down their rods and they also became serpents but Moses took up his rod again as a rod while the rods of the magicians remained serpents. Pantheism of which all these new doctrines are a part, teaches, but has never demonstrated the proposition that the human mind is without limitation in the possibility of its achievements. Aristotle and Plato, Cuvier, Kant, Shakespeare, Darwin, Spencer and Agassiz to say nothing of Buddha or the Hindoo adepts have never proven it. 'There is no new thing under the sun.' Why? God alone, as exprest by Emerson, is the eternal child, the bound- less, the limitless, unchanging mind. As Job expresses it; 'Canst thou by searching find out God? canst thou find out the Almighty unto perfection? It is as high as heaven; what canst thou do? deeper than hell; what canst thou know? The measure thereof is longer than the earth, broader than the sea. For vain man would be wise, tho man be born like a wild ass's colt.' Even the human in Jesus cried out at the last; 'My God ! My God! Why hast thou forsaken me.' This new school of .mentality which is rising would set at naught the Mosaic law and declare that sins committed in violation of that law are simply mistakes. It works itself up into a state of ecstacy wherein it imagines that everything is divine and that there is no evil to be overcome, which idea it uses as the source of its healing power. Such repeated affirmations as the following are said to bring strength to this purpose; 'I am pure !' 'I am divine!' 'I am healed!' 'There is no evil!' Many cases of healing are re- ported to have been effected by this means. The healing is not accomplisht instantaneously as in the times of Christ and his apostles, but gradually. • We are glad for all benefited by these mental, not spiritual means, but is the benefit lasting? We do not believe it because the remedy applied is of a mesmeric character as are all intellectual persuasions. Jesus healed through the law of sympathy. He was touched with the feelings of our in- firmities because he was the at-one-ment with God. He taught the doctrine of the angel life and community of goods as the only method of developing those divine forces in men and women which make the whole world akin. If persons living in the natural life with its mine and thine, who have never come to any deep conviction of the lost condition of mankind through sin as did Ann Lee, can create a system of healing that is all-sufficient for the soul then we are unavoidably forced to one conclusion, to wit: that the mission of Christ is at an end. It is only by the principles of bear and forbear in the communistic life and of the daily cross against evil that deep love and sympathy of the soul can be brought forth which really bears the stamp of the divine. 'All souls are mine' saith the Lord. If this statement be true as well as the one that all weakness arises from a diseased condition of the soul, then only from the house of the Lord can go forth that cleansing power to lift mankind from the crawling serpent. 8 THE MANIFESTO. This is a matter of vital importance to Zion. Let no man take thy crown. All else in this world is antichrist but an obedience to that great summary of the law as enunciated by Jesus of love to God and the neighbor. That law was repeated and emphasized by the Christ spirit in Ann Lee, and through the work which she inaugurated, tho but in its infancy, there has been made more definite progress toward the settlement of the one great question—that of sex-—than has been made by all other movements of the times. In Zion there is to be found an inner way partaking not of the form but of the spirit which will yield salvation, and to her has been committed the task of consummating that one great declaration of supernal truth, —There is neither male nor female in Christ. Movements springing from the earth may train the natural mind to think and teach self-control and thus far are valuable, but in the daily, practical, spiritual life personal experience with the difficulties to be met and overcome sets aside all theory and calls for an application of those Christian principles which alone can develop the real man and woman. A complete sacrifice of self and self-interest to the spirit of truth is the only way of attainment. To all filled with the afflatus of pantheism to the effect that men can rise 'of their dead selves to higher things' let the example of the Nazarene suffice, made perfect by Christ through suffering. The natural precocity of Jesus as a boy was evident from the fact of his having confounded the doctors and lawyers in the temple with his questions. His intuitive genius and comprehensiveness of mind derived from his lineage were made manifest while the knowledge he had acquired previous to his conjunction with John must have been a treasure to him, yet he knew that of himself he could do nothing for by the God power alone with which he had been anointed through the descent of the dove was he enabled to raise the dead, heal the sick and preach the gospel to the poor. The complete earthliness and limitation of the natural mind with all its philosophy and science, valuable enough in their sphere, were thus clearly demonstrated. The revelation of God in Jesus through the witness, John, is an unanswerable testimony against pantheism with its inadequate individualistic development. Let vain-glorious man with all his researches and philosophies remember that while he may write books and add proposition to proposition that the childlike simplicity possest by our Great Examplar who said his doctrine was not his but his Father's who sent him, is a resignation of the human to the divine which the spirit of truth demands. The difficulty in regard to the teachings of Christ with the majority of people lies in the fact that they have not grown to them and therefore conclude that some new ideas, so-called, claiming to point to the higher life are an ? improvement upon them. This delusion arises from sheer ignorance. No production in all literature is comparable with Christ's Sermon on the Mount. He spake the eternal truth as never man spake it. Notwithstand TL.E MANIFESTO. 9 ing all the evolutions of thought by the mind of man it will be discovered at the Last that the everlasting gospel which John the Kevelator saw the angel standing in the sun (divine illumination) proclaiming to all peoples, nations and tongues possesses the only power to fulfill that prayer indicted by our Lord; 'Thy kingdom come, thy will be done in earth as it is in Heaven.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.