NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. November. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1896. 42.67 2.125 in. 4in. 1897. 38.13 7.25 ' 8 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 64 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 12 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 11 ' snowy ' ' ' 3 ' clear ' ' ' 3 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 13 Nov. 1897. Novembee has been a stormy month. It has spread its gloom over more than the weather and this has been dismal enough for the most somber mind. Yet when it enters our household and strikes the vital fountain with the death of those who are a consolation in our cherisht domain; taking from our ranks such needed ability as Sister Martha J. Anderson in the prime of life, it is enough to make angels weep. When life has been perfected with fullness of years and crowned with virtue and usefulness, fully ripe for the harvest we can have a joy in seeing them borne by Angel bands to the beautiful mansion of the redeemed as on the 28th day of this month they conducted our noble, angelic mother, Eldress Eliza Ann Taylor. Her funeral was attended by representatives from Watervliet, Enfield, Conn., and Hancock in connection with the Brethren and Sisters at the Mount. It was a season that will be remembered by those who were in attendance. We are trying to repair the dilapidated places in our possessions. November has brought its modicum of cold and chilliness, requiring artificial heat to enable us to sustain the vital warmth of our physical systems. Among our many temporal failures this year, the failure of our heating apparatus in our dwelling-house is added. We are taking out the old sectional boiler, that is rusted out and shall put in a new tubular boiler, which we trust will give us more heat with less expense for fuel. The fire fiends are at work again. Soon after this year's section of the state road between Lebanon and Hancock was completed, the barn that had been used for lodging of the hands, was burned to the ground. A few weeks ago the barn (owned by Simmons of Pittsfield.) located in the the valley of New Lebanon, was also burned. In the evening at about 10 o'clock, Nov. 28th the old Shapley barn above the South family was fired. This was evidently the work of an incendiary as the rail fence enclosing the yard in which young stock were herded was opened and the rails were turned and laid straight, which could not have occurred if the cattle had thrown it down. The wicked will do wickedly! Those of us who still remain in time, bid fair to tread the earth a while longer, and feed on tangible food to recuperate our depleted energies. Calvin G. Reed South Family Dec. 1807. November has been the bearer of tidings glad and sad. On the 19th we were made glad by an interesting visit from our brother, Hamilton DeGraw, a life member of the Sonyea Society. He gave us a pleasing account of his recent return trip to the dear old home, of the markt renovations perfected there since our departure, but we shall ever love best its homelike plainness, Nov. 21st (to-day) we go to the North family to attend the 'Welcome Home Meeting' of our loved Sister Martha J. Anderson, the noted hymnologist of the age, and inspired singer of Mt. Lebanon. Now that she still lives, we trust she will have time to visit us. Sister Martha was one of God's noble women, possessing in a markt degree, the qualities that constitute the Christian virtues. Nov. 25th we observed as a special day of thanks-rendering, recounting the many blessings, spiritual and temporal that are ours to enjoy, remembering that in the year 1621 the first Thanksgiving hymn was sung, by the noble band who crost the sea for freedom's land. Nov. 28th records one of the sad scenes of 1897 a barn containing thirty tons of hay went up in smoke. The structure was an ancient landmark erected during the days when Mother Ann Lee traveled through this section. We pray that a protecting power may surround our Zion homes and 'keep them from flood, from flame and famine and in God's goodness may we share, thus we implore thee heavenly Father for thy protecting hand of care.' Dec. 1st we are invited to be present at the memorial services of our angel mother, Eldress Ann Taylor, beautiful and prophetic were the tributes rendered in honor of her long and useful life, her parting blessing 'love to all' was given to the assembly, by Sister Ann Maria Graves, to whom she made known her last wish. May this be our motto 'Love to all.' Genevieve DeGraw