TESTIMONY OF EZEKIEL MORRILL. The following was written at Enfield, N. H., June 30, 1826.] MY native place was South Hampton, in New Hampshire. I was born November 15, 1747. In my childhood, my father moved with his family to Canterbury, where I lived till I was forty years of age and then removed to Enfield, N. H. My parents were Calvinists, and I was brought up under the influence of their principles. In my youthful days, I had religious impressions, and felt some concern for my soul; but having little hope that I was one of that small number who were elected to salvation, I resolved to pursue the course of the world to the extent of my abilities; but determined, at the same time, that if I should ever feel any call of God, by the movings of his Spirit upon me, I would embrace it. In this situation I past my time, till I was about thirty-one years of age, when I was struck with a deep conviction of my loss from Grod, which put an end to all my worldly pursuits and carnal pleasures. About this time, a great light broke out in the vicinity, attended with a great outpouring of the Spirit, which was evidently the spirit and power of Elias, and might be compared to the work of John the Baptist, to make ready a people prepai'ed for the Lord. Under my conviction, I united with this body of people, who were afterwards called Free-will Baptists, and I endeavored to live to the light manifested in it. My conviction led me to seek salvation from sin, fully believing that the Church of Christ must be a pure Church, and that there could not be a pure head and a corrupt body; and I well knew that Christ was generally acknowledged as the head of his body the Church. It was therefore clearly evident to me, that there had been a falling away from the primitive purity of the gospel; and that the power of the holy people was lost. But having in myself an inward corruption, which was not removed, and which brought me into captivity to the spirit of darkness, I was unable to live up to the light of my conviction ; nor was I able to find the cause by the light which I possest, or by that which was in the body to which I was joined. This led me to believe it could not be found short of a new revelation. My faith led me to believe there must be a travel in the regeneration, but this I could not find. I also believed that a cross was required; but what 10 THE MANIFESTO. this cross was, or in what it consisted, was still unrevealed : for notwithstanding all my exertions to bear this cross, or to find it, my soul was yet in bondage to sin. While laboring under this distress of soul, I had several visions, in which I saw the pure Church, and received some bright and encouraging manifestations of God, that I should see it establisht in my day. I continued in this situation of mind about four years, laboring and struggling in deep tribulation. And I believe it would have terminated my existence, had I not found deliverance through two messengers of Christ, commissioned by Mother Ann Lee, to preach the gospel of salvation. These messengers came to Canterbury in the latter part of the year 1782, with the testimony of the everlasting gospel. When I first saw them, I knew them, having a number of times seen them in vision, during the time of my labor and tribulation to find the way out of sin. When they came to open the gospel, in its purity, they showed what the real cross of Christ was;— that the lust of the flesh was the vail that darkened the soul; and that living in the gratification of it, was the reason why we could not travel in the regeneration, nor find the way out of sin. They had spoken but a few words before the prison doors of darkness were set wide open, and I saw and knew that the lust of the flesh was the man of sin. They testified that we must confess our sins, and bring our deeds to the light. Their testimony was accompanied with such convincing evidence, that I was constrained, by my conscience, to confess my sins in the presence of God and before his wit- nesses. I then set out to forsake them forever, and to bear my daily cross, by which I felt my soul releast from its burden, and brought into a new element of life. Shortly after this, I went to see Mother and the Elders, who were then at Ashfield; and i found them to be just such a people as I had been seeking after. I saw and felt the evidence that Christ, by his Spirit, had commenced his second appearance in Mother Ann. I afterwards visited them often, and had many opportunities of seeing them, and hearing their testimony, the whole object and tendency of which was, to make an end of sin, to purge out and subdue all its evil propensities, and to bring in everlasting righteousness. I can testify, from long experience, that in obedience to Mother's testimony through the Elders and leaders, I have found an increasing victory over every propensity to evil, and have received the baptism of the 'Holy Ghost and fire.' —Matt, iii., 2. And in proportion as I have gained victory over the nature of sin, so have I felt my soul rise in the resurrection power of life. And I can bear witness to all mankind, that I have proved the truth of all that I have been taught from the beginning, by those who have stood in Mother Ann's gift, and kept her testimony. And in obedience thereto, I now live in the elements of spiritual life, as sensibly as I ever felt the elements of natural life. Enfield, N. H.