NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. November. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1896. 42.67 2.125 in. 4in. 1897. 38.13 7.25 ' 8 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 64 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 12 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 11 ' snowy ' ' ' 3 ' clear ' ' ' 3 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 13 Nov. 1897. Novembee has been a stormy month. It has spread its gloom over more than the weather and this has been dismal enough for the most somber mind. Yet when it enters our household and strikes the vital fountain with the death of those who are a consolation in our cherisht domain; taking from our ranks such needed ability as Sister Martha J. Anderson in the prime of life, it is enough to make angels weep. When life has been perfected with fullness of years and crowned with virtue and usefulness, fully ripe for the harvest we can have a joy in seeing them borne by Angel bands to the beautiful mansion of the redeemed as on the 28th day of this month they conducted our noble, angelic mother, Eldress Eliza Ann Taylor. Her funeral was attended by representatives from Watervliet, Enfield, Conn., and Hancock in connection with the Brethren and Sisters at the Mount. It was a season that will be remembered by those who were in attendance. We are trying to repair the dilapidated places in our possessions. November has brought its modicum of cold and chilliness, requiring artificial heat to enable us to sustain the vital warmth of our physical systems. Among our many temporal failures this year, the failure of our heating apparatus in our dwelling-house is added. We are taking out the old sectional boiler, that is rusted out and shall put in a new tubular boiler, which we trust will give us more heat with less expense for fuel. The fire fiends are at work again. Soon after this year's section of the state road between Lebanon and Hancock was completed, the barn that had been used for lodging of the hands, was burned to the ground. A few weeks ago the barn (owned by Simmons of Pittsfield.) located in the the valley of New Lebanon, was also burned. In the evening at about 10 o'clock, Nov. 28th the old Shapley barn above the South family was fired. This was evidently the work of an incendiary as the rail fence enclosing the yard in which young stock were herded was opened and the rails were turned and laid straight, which could not have occurred if the cattle had thrown it down. The wicked will do wickedly! Those of us who still remain in time, bid fair to tread the earth a while longer, and feed on tangible food to recuperate our depleted energies. Calvin G. Reed South Family Dec. 1807. November has been the bearer of tidings glad and sad. On the 19th we were made glad by an interesting visit from our brother, Hamilton DeGraw, a life member of the Sonyea Society. He gave us a pleasing account of his recent return trip to the dear old home, of the markt renovations perfected there since our departure, but we shall ever love best its homelike plainness, Nov. 21st (to-day) we go to the North family to attend the 'Welcome Home Meeting' of our loved Sister Martha J. Anderson, the noted hymnologist of the age, and inspired singer of Mt. Lebanon. Now that she still lives, we trust she will have time to visit us. Sister Martha was one of God's noble women, possessing in a markt degree, the qualities that constitute the Christian virtues. Nov. 25th we observed as a special day of thanks-rendering, recounting the many blessings, spiritual and temporal that are ours to enjoy, remembering that in the year 1621 the first Thanksgiving hymn was sung, by the noble band who crost the sea for freedom's land. Nov. 28th records one of the sad scenes of 1897 a barn containing thirty tons of hay went up in smoke. The structure was an ancient landmark erected during the days when Mother Ann Lee traveled through this section. We pray that a protecting power may surround our Zion homes and 'keep them from flood, from flame and famine and in God's goodness may we share, thus we implore thee heavenly Father for thy protecting hand of care.' Dec. 1st we are invited to be present at the memorial services of our angel mother, Eldress Ann Taylor, beautiful and prophetic were the tributes rendered in honor of her long and useful life, her parting blessing 'love to all' was given to the assembly, by Sister Ann Maria Graves, to whom she made known her last wish. May this be our motto 'Love to all.' Genevieve DeGraw Shakers, N. Y. Dec. 1897. Ix seeking for riches, honor and fame we many times have to suffer disappoint- ment; but in attaining the gifts of the spirit there are no false calculations. In that realm, the instruction, 'seek and ye shall rind,' is without variableness or shadow of turning. We spent a week in the month of November with our gospel kindred of Mt. Lebanon and West Pittstield, and we found a goodly band of those who have given all they have to the cause; who were of that number who do not worship Baal nor do homage to his image. We enjoyed a beautiful visit with our beloved Mot'.ier Eldress Ann Taylor, and tho feeble in body her spirit is full of zeal. She said, 'give my love to all of the Brethren and Sisters,' and in receiving that beautiful benediction we thought, 'these are they who have come up through tribulation and have made their garments white.' May we keep in union, with those blessed saints so that from out the destruction of our rudimental life may be evolved a glorious destiny. Our national Thanksgiving was observed and what imprest us in the Elder's address was the reminder of what we owe to the labors of those old pioneers, the Pilgrim Fathers whose efforts on the line of political and religious freedom made it possible for coming generations to worship God according to the dictates of their consciences unmolested. For every advance made either by nations or individuals towards that goal, the universal brotherhood of man, there has had to be the wormwood and the gall. Some souls have had to suffer, be a for- tress behind which the coming time could prepare more advanced conditions of life. Those to-day who are the human representatives of that mighty power which is shaping human destiny for its weal whose thoughts even are as ministering angels pointing to a better way, come from the humbler walks of life. Hamilton DeGraw Shaker Station, Conn. Dec. 1897. North Family. 'I turn a page whereon to write, On which in future I must dwell; I find it spotless, clean and white, No shades of blight thereon hath fell. Oh in the light of love serene. How would my heart this fair page fill; How wonld 1 that no deeds be seen My soul to blight, my heart to chill. Oh that the pen of time may stamp Thereon the beautiful and true; Ah how in earnestness I plead, As I these stainless pages view.' The coming New Year! Oh that we may have garnered all that is precious from the days that are past. May the experiences of the faded year teach us to live better for God and humanity. Brethren and Sisters are still making improvements as fast as time and means will allow. We have succeeded in arrang. ing a chapel in the new building, and the former place of worship will be occupied as a school-room. Two large heaters in the basement moderate the cold air in the halls to an agreeable temperature. In a short time, our bath-rooms will be completed and we shall once more enjoy the blessings afforded by such facilities. Edith Shufelt Enfield, N. H. Dec. 1897. 'We are living, we are dwelling In a grand, eventful time, In an age on ages telling, To be living is sublime.' The truth of this poetical declaration, is realized as we think of the great inventions man has made in the halls of art, music and mechanism. Life is only sublime, as we live in thoughts and acts that are stampt with the sublimity of the Christ spirit. A spirit that keeps itself unspotted from every de- filing element and is devoted to God, of whom, every product of nature, not created by finite powers, and the stars radiant in their golden silence, constantly remind us. 'There is a way that seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof is death.' Narrow or sin-diseased must be the mind that can not distinguish right from wrong. No one need to master all isms, sciences and philosophy to work out a sublime immortality, it is only to 'cease to do evil and learn to do well.' The doctrine of Christ does not appall or enchant, but instructs to right living, and the life of the Christian, is not a, sol- emn drama, of masquerading of seem-tobe Christianness, but a life as open and as pure as the heavens; full of good fruits, without partiality and without hypocrisy.' We had a very profitable Thanksgiving service and entertainment, both of which added comfort to the aged and cheer to the young people. We lately had the pleasure of entertaining Misses Gould and Davis of Lebanon, N. H. who gave us a recital of their visit to the convention of Christian Endeavor, held at California, also, of listening t.) an excellent discourse on missionary work among the fallen and poor of New York, by Mr. Fred Partington of Mt. Kisco, N. Y. For all our blessings, we render thanks to God and associates and hope at the end of the corning year we may be able to report greater advancement in spiritual and material growth. George Baxter Narcoossee, Fla Dec. 1897. Dear Editor ;—Through your paper, we thank our dear friends in the north, for their kindness extended to us. During the past few weeks we have been the recipients of many excellent letters, especially from our own dear home and from the dear friends at Canterbury. These have been letters, both of joy and sorrow. The death of our gospel sister, Martha Anderson, awakened our sympathy. A noble soul has fallen in the bat- tle of life, while clad in full armor. The outlook for this state seems more propitious than ever. The orange crop is 14 THE MANIFESTO. greater than was estimated, and the fruit is commanding fancy prices. The vast herds of cattle that are raised for the market, is also a great source of income to the state. Spain's doubloons are sure to find their way into the pockets of the people. War is a tenible thinjr, and the follower of the meek and lowly Jesus will never lend an influence for its advancement. But sometimes out of evil come blessings of recompense. Thousands of cattle are being shipt to Cuba for the Spanisli soldiers. We have been selling some of our beef stock to these same parties, and the demand will hold good for months to come. It has been said that the best poor man's country is Florida. Everything except wheat and coffee can be grown here. Our pinery has grown to double its former size, and is now filled with young plants. In twelve months from this date we may write of results. A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all. Andrew Barrett