THE PROGRESS OF SHAKERISM. NO. 1 By Elder Henry C. Blinn IT is now quite universally admitted that the unfoldment of the human mind has been very gradual and yet of continuous growth. The animal man does not change in the twinkling of an eye, from low to high estates. Even the most radical Biblical students who were positive that the days of creation, as recorded in Genesis, were periods of time, of only twenty-four hours each, now admit that the morning and evening which formed the day, may as well have been one thousand, ten thousand or forty thousand years each, as to have been only twenty-four hours. Figuier says,—'The mind recoils dismayed when it undertakes the com- putation of the thousands of years which have elapst since the creation of man.' This being the case, even admitting that prehistoric man was made nearly on a level with the brute creation, we wonder that so many thousands of years could have past away, and brought to the race no higher moral standard than is represented in the book of Genesis. That there was a gradual development of the mind, altho it may have been at a snail's pace, is generally conceded, as a writer of the Sacred Book, places man in advance of the animal race and denominates him when standing upright, to be a 'son of God.' Isolated individuals may have been found no doubt who were equally as far advanced as was the one we call Adam, but the race, as a whole, was very far from being what we should consider, either sons of God or even an ordinary standard for humanity. The historian in illustrating the condition of some orders of society, at that date, says ;—'every imagination of the heart was evil continually.' JANUARY 4 THE MANIFESTO. Such a condition would be hard to conceive, and still more difficult to accept into the mind, even tho we should bring forward the most uncivilized races that exist at the present time. If the development of man before the advent of Adam was twenty thousand or even ten thousand years, and the time from Adam to the present date has been only some six or seven thousand years, then we should readily admit that the advancement of humanity for the last term has been wonderful. But the six thousand years of man's existence may be no more exact than was the minister who said that the three holy children were not in the fiery furnace, but just near enough to be comfortable. The eagle-eyed commentators have found some one hundred and forty opinions of the date of the creation 'and that between the varying, extremes there is a difference of three thousand one hundred and ninety-four years; a difference which only applies to the period between the commencement of the world or birth of Adam and the birth of Jesus.' A slight acquaintance with the Phrenological chart will perhaps show us how easily the good or bad conditions may predominate in the mind. How the moral and intellectual faculties may rise through many degrees to a higher and better form of humanity, while a departure from right or from goodness will as certainly lead to brutality and to a sensual existence. Having this thought in mind it is not strange that the family of man should have been formed into classes, and one should have been designated as the 'sons of God, and the other as the sons of Belial.' Then as now it was a matter of discipline that made an honorable state of society or through lack of discipline made those of low conditions, that were a disgrace to humanity. From the days of Adam to the present time; from the first religious and murderous quarrel of the two brothers, and these were sons of God, down through all the races of men, whether savage or civilized, the same contest has been going on, and yet we have this assurance, that the better quality of the human mind has predominated, and the great family of man has moved forward in everything that makes life of more value upon the earth. It has also as steadily moved upward toward a higher ideal of man's duty toward man, and no less toward the kingdom of God, the consummation of our greatest hope. That there should be some nations or tribes that should be savage and sensual, and of a degraded type, is no more strange than that there should be found in some well-ordered families, one or more of the children who become a sorrow and a disgrace to their parents. At the advent of Shakerism, so early as the year 1770, there were wars and rumors of wars. The thirst for conquest and the thirst for gold were quite closely conjoined and aroused all the passions of the mind to do and to dare, even to the utmost cruelty and savagery of their animal natures, and yet many of those most warlike demonstrations were led by men who be THE MANIFESTO. 5 lieved in the name of the Prince of Peace and in the advancement of the human race. Four thousand years of selfishness, of wars and of slavery, had made indelible impressions upon the mind. Out of this great body, a few individuals may have been found who gave their lives for the good of humanity as did the man of Galilee. Obscured as this may have been, it sometimes found willing advocates whose testimony was as the sword of the God of Peace. From this Babylonian mass came the first Shakers and the voice of the spirit was the same to them as it was to the primitive Christians,—'Repent, for the kingdom of God is at hand.' Shakerism, is by no means an instantaneous conversion. Those who have been traveling many years from right toward wrong, may be as many years in travsling from wrong toward right. It was a wonderful power that could enter into the mind of a selfish man and take him while so filled with the war spirit, with the love of money, with the love of honor, and a great name in the earth, and lead him to love God, as a Heavenly Father, and then to pray for his persecutors. To place men and women in a Christian community, after they had been developing all the variations of self-love for twenty or forty years, was a test of Christianity, that but few have experienced. A fair illustration of the disciples who entered into Christian fellowship, would be to visit the service held by the evangelists of the present day. If the word of God should reach such a class, it would take them as it found them, and it would find them as it found Cain and Abel; as it found the people in the days of Noah; as it found the inhabitants of Sodom, or as Jonah found the people of Nineveh. If the cross prevailed it would take them as St. Paul took them into his church. Did he accept those who pilfered? Indeed, he did. He said to his brethren; 'Let him that stole, steal no more.' Did he accept the selfish and overbearing? He says, 'Wherein thou judgest another, thpu condemnest thyself.' Did he accept those who were weak in the faith? 'Him that is weak in the faith receive ye,' and yet there were some who would put stumbling-blocks in the way of others. They were carnal and indulged in strife. Some of his members were less reputable in their characters than were the sensual Corinthians. This may be quite like the promiscuous gatherings of the men and women of even this year of grace. Paul says the brethren went to law against their own brethren, and the Christian churches of to-day do the same thing. Some were so covetous that they neglected to eat at home, that they might consume the more at the communion table. This is a sad picture of unregenerate man in the early Gentile Christian church, before the advent of the Shakers, and yet it was quite the same when the Shakers formed their communities. (To be continued.)