Books &amp; Papers The Outlook Not a little favorable comment lias been made by the press on the special announcement by The Outlook that its chief feature for the coming year (in the Magazine Numbers) will be a series of papers by Edward Everett Hale on 'Lowell and His Friends.' The general interest exprest assures a particularly cordial welcome to this series of articles. ($3 a year. The Outlook Company, 13 Astor Place, New Y.ork.) Humanity Humanity for Oct. mid Nov. has a discourse by Dr. J. E. Roberts who is denominated a minister of this world. This article is 'Con- cerning Prayer' and to read it is to be made better. Among the many good things that are said is this 'Religion is to live well, to do justice, to love mercy and to be fraternal and kind.' 'Is he a Good Man,' can be read very profitably several times. Other nice articles may be found in this same number, which may require a careful study, and a thoughtful consideration. Publisht at Kansas City, Mo. Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly The Christinas number of Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly is brimful of attractive articles and entertaining stories for the festal season. The number opens with a Christmas story by Frank R. Stockton, entitled Old Applejoy's Ghost; which contains a particularly clever idea workt out in Mr. Stockton's wellknown pleasing manner. It is illustrated with three full page drawings by George Wright. This is followed by the second paper in the magazine's important series on Andrew Jackson, and his times and compatriots, taking up this month Andrew Jackson as a Mili- tary Commander, written by A. Oakey Hall, and containing portraits and views and an excellent picture of Jackson spending Christmas Day, in 1814, by H. M. Eaton. Hunter MacCulloch contributes an entertaining paper on The Music of Christmas time, which is made particularly interesting by the insertion in the text of reproductions of the music of some of the old time songs and carols. Famous Ranchos of the San Gabriel Valley, writ ten by Beatrice Bellido de Luna, has many fine illustrations. Perhaps the most important article in the number is one on The Baptists, in which General T. J. Morgan, Corresponding Secretary of the American Baptist Home Mission Society, describes the history, growth and creed of that religious body in this country. It is the first of a series of articles on the Religious Denominations of Amer ica. There are other interesting articles; sev eral short stories in addition to the one by Frank R. Stockson, contributed by Amelia E. Barr and Margaret E. Sangster; poems by Ella Wheeler Wilcox and Minna Irving; an attractive department for the boys and girls, etc., etc.—Frank Leslie's Publishing House, New York. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy for Oct. and Nov. contains a large amount of useful information in regard to the treatment of the sick . 'A successful system of treating the sick -without the use of Drugs,' is certainly a great boon to those who are deprived of health. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo, Ind.