NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. November. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1896. 42.67 2.125 in. 4in. 1897. 38.13 7.25 ' 8 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 64 above 0 Lowest ' ' ' ' 12 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 11 ' snowy ' ' ' 3 ' clear ' ' ' 3 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 13 Nov. 1897. Novembee has been a stormy month. It has spread its gloom over more than the weather and this has been dismal enough for the most somber mind. Yet when it enters our household and strikes the vital fountain with the death of those who are a consolation in our cherisht domain; taking from our ranks such needed ability as Sister Martha J. Anderson in the prime of life, it is enough to make angels weep. When life has been perfected with fullness of years and crowned with virtue and usefulness, fully ripe for the harvest we can have a joy in seeing them borne by Angel bands to the beautiful mansion of the redeemed as on the 28th day of this month they conducted our noble, angelic mother, Eldress Eliza Ann Taylor. Her funeral was attended by representatives from Watervliet, Enfield, Conn., and Hancock in connection with the Brethren and Sisters at the Mount. It was a season that will be remembered by those who were in attendance. We are trying to repair the dilapidated places in our possessions. November has brought its modicum of cold and chilliness, requiring artificial heat to enable us to sustain the vital warmth of our physical systems. Among our many temporal failures this year, the failure of our heating apparatus in our dwelling-house is added. We are taking out the old sectional boiler, that is rusted out and shall put in a new tubular boiler, which we trust will give us more heat with less expense for fuel. The fire fiends are at work again. Soon after this year's section of the state road between Lebanon and Hancock was completed, the barn that had been used for lodging of the hands, was burned to the ground. A few weeks ago the barn (owned by Simmons of Pittsfield.) located in the the valley of New Lebanon, was also burned. In the evening at about 10 o'clock, Nov. 28th the old Shapley barn above the South family was fired. This was evidently the work of an incendiary as the rail fence enclosing the yard in which young stock were herded was opened and the rails were turned and laid straight, which could not have occurred if the cattle had thrown it down. The wicked will do wickedly! Those of us who still remain in time, bid fair to tread the earth a while longer, and feed on tangible food to recuperate our depleted energies. Calvin G. Reed