Books &amp; Papers The Outlook Not a little favorable comment lias been made by the press on the special announcement by The Outlook that its chief feature for the coming year (in the Magazine Numbers) will be a series of papers by Edward Everett Hale on 'Lowell and His Friends.' The general interest exprest assures a particularly cordial welcome to this series of articles. ($3 a year. The Outlook Company, 13 Astor Place, New Y.ork.) Humanity Humanity for Oct. mid Nov. has a discourse by Dr. J. E. Roberts who is denominated a minister of this world. This article is 'Con- cerning Prayer' and to read it is to be made better. Among the many good things that are said is this 'Religion is to live well, to do justice, to love mercy and to be fraternal and kind.' 'Is he a Good Man,' can be read very profitably several times. Other nice articles may be found in this same number, which may require a careful study, and a thoughtful consideration. Publisht at Kansas City, Mo. Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly The Christinas number of Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly is brimful of attractive articles and entertaining stories for the festal season. The number opens with a Christmas story by Frank R. Stockton, entitled Old Applejoy's Ghost; which contains a particularly clever idea workt out in Mr. Stockton's wellknown pleasing manner. It is illustrated with three full page drawings by George Wright. This is followed by the second paper in the magazine's important series on Andrew Jackson, and his times and compatriots, taking up this month Andrew Jackson as a Mili- tary Commander, written by A. Oakey Hall, and containing portraits and views and an excellent picture of Jackson spending Christmas Day, in 1814, by H. M. Eaton. Hunter MacCulloch contributes an entertaining paper on The Music of Christmas time, which is made particularly interesting by the insertion in the text of reproductions of the music of some of the old time songs and carols. Famous Ranchos of the San Gabriel Valley, writ ten by Beatrice Bellido de Luna, has many fine illustrations. Perhaps the most important article in the number is one on The Baptists, in which General T. J. Morgan, Corresponding Secretary of the American Baptist Home Mission Society, describes the history, growth and creed of that religious body in this country. It is the first of a series of articles on the Religious Denominations of Amer ica. There are other interesting articles; sev eral short stories in addition to the one by Frank R. Stockson, contributed by Amelia E. Barr and Margaret E. Sangster; poems by Ella Wheeler Wilcox and Minna Irving; an attractive department for the boys and girls, etc., etc.—Frank Leslie's Publishing House, New York. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy for Oct. and Nov. contains a large amount of useful information in regard to the treatment of the sick . 'A successful system of treating the sick -without the use of Drugs,' is certainly a great boon to those who are deprived of health. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo, Ind. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for Dec. is largely the Messenger of sorrow which will reach the homes of a large class of the readers of the Journal. The first mentioned, is the death of Prof. Nelson Sizer, the President of the American Institute of Phrenology. It is said of him 'So remarkably tender, subtle and electric were his feelings that he could call forth a tear or a smile in quick succession. He will be missed in all lands by all classes. The untimely death of Henry George has been the sorrow of thousands of his friends. 'Pure in motive, high minded, absolutely devoted to the service of his fellowrnen, he has fallen battling against the tyranny and corruption of one-man power.' The great Journalist, Charles A. Dana has also past beyond time. His whole life has been in the interest of humanity and he is said to be 'the greatest all around newspaper man America has ever produced.' The duchess of Teck or Princess Mary endeared herself to the hearts of the English people and few have workt so hard so indef atigably and unselfishly as this noble woman has done for years. An article bearingjthe name of Mrs. Henry Ward Beecher, is also found in this number. These several notices are all illustrated with portraits of the individuals which will make the Journal one of special interest. Much other valuable reading will also be found in the Dec. number. Fowler &amp; Wells Co. 27 East 21st St. New York. The Ladies' Home Journal The Ladies' Home Journal has secured what promises to be the great magazine feature of 1898. It is entitled The Inner Experiences of a Cabinet Member's Wife. In a series of letters written by the wife of a Cabinet member to her sister at home, are detailed her actual experiences in Washington, frankly and freely given. The letters were written without any intention of publication. They give intimate peeps behind the curtain of high official and social life. They are absolutely fearless, they study Washington life under the search-light as it has never been before presented. The President and the highest officials of the land, with the most brilliant men and women of the Capital, are seen in the most familiar way. As these are all actual experiences the name of the writer is withheld. The letters will doubtless excite much shrewd guessing by readers and study of internal evidence to discover the secret. The 'Experiences,' which will be beautifully illustrated, begin in the December number and will continue for several months. How To Grow Flowers The December number of How To Gicow Flowers is a very attractive one. The leading articles are devoted to 'The Parks of Pitts burg' and 'Flowers at the Nashville Exposition'—both beautifull5r illustrated. Other departments and contributions are up to the usual high standard of this publication, and announcements of next year's features foreshadow continued improvement. Five cents a copy at newsdealers or fifty cents a year, with splendid plant premium, of the publisher, Miss Ella V. Bain.es, the Woman Florist, Springfield, Ohio. Remarks on the Mistakes of Moses Remarks on the Mistakes of Moses, by H. L. Hastings. This is an enlarged and beauti. fully illustrated work and is well worthy of an extended circulation. To say the least, it does not seem to be very kind to be talking of a persons mistakes for three thousand years, especially when it is so hard to find them. Br. Hastings, however, comes forward as an able advocate for the world renowned prophet, and thousands of readers will be interested in this little work. H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. The Loretto Order The Loretto Order. Bv Eleanor M. Parker, in Donahue's. Self sacrifice so heroic must necessarily bear abundant fruit, and today throughout the great West the Society counts many noble institutions. Historic Loretto Academy at Florisant, Mo., which this year celebrated its golden jubilee, lias sent forth many distinguisht pupils; like- wise the school of the same name in St. Louis. In the city of Denver is St. Mary's Academy and, crowning Loretto Heights in the suburbs of the same city, is the superb new Loretto Academy, built of red granite. Houses have also been establisht at Las (Ji-uces, Soeorro and Bernalillo, N. M.; Pueblo, Col.; El Paso, Texas, and many other points. The school at Bernalillo is a government contract school for the education of Indians. This institution was recently made prominent by Morgan's infamous attack. By impartial judges this school is conceded to have done much toward civilizing the Indians. The most interesting of the Kentucky branches are Betnlehem Academy in Hardin County and Mt. St. Benedict's, Louisville. On the grounds of the latter stands a small building known as the ¦'Bishop's House,' in which Archbishop Spalding wrote the greater number of his valuable works. Newspaper Advertising in the United States • Newspaper Advertising in the United States. A book of two hundred pages, containing a catalogue of about six thousand newspapers, being all that are credited by the American Newspaper Directory (December edition for 1897.) with having regular issues of 2 000 copies or more. Also separate State maps of each and every State of the American Union, naming those towns only in which there are issuedjnewspapers having more than 1,000 circulation. This book (issued December 15, 1867) will be sent, postage paid, to any address, on receipt of one dollar. Address The Gto. P. Rowell Advertising Co., 10 Spruce St., New York. For the thirteenth year the Columbia Pad Calendar makes its ai pearance promptly on tiine for 1898, and while its general style is of the same familiar character, the many bright thoughts it contains, contributed by its friends in many parts of the country, as well as abroad, are new, and will be appreciated by all who take an interest in bicycling, healthful exercise and good roads. The 1898 Columbia Pad Calendar contains a convenient arrangement of dates that will prove useful to busy men, and as plenty of space is reserved for memoranda, the: pud may be used as a diary and a-s a reminder for business appointments and obligations. It is neat in appearance, takes u,i but little room and is both ornamental and useful for the desk, while its stand is of such character that it may be used either upon the de k or hung upon the wall. • The moon's phases are indicated in the Culendar for the benefit of those who wish to have this information. The Calen iar is ready lor distribution and all orders for it will be filled upon the day of receipt. It can be obtained by mail pre-paid for five two-cent stamps by addressing the Calendar Department of the Pope Manufacturing Company, Hartford, Conn.