NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. December. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1896. 24.42 % in. 8.5in. 1897. 29.97 4. ' 2ft. 9^' Highest Temp, during this mo. 58 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 8 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 4 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 8 ' ' clear ' ' ' 6 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 13 Dec. 31, 1897. December, with its terminus, passes 1897 into the vortex of by-gone years, laden with two feet of pure white snow for a winding sheet. We willingly bid adieu to the past year with all its pleasantness or unpleasantness. Altho storms and clouds have been superabundant, yet we share one of life's choicest blessings,good health. While sickness is very prevalent, yet, our family have escaped its contamination, for which neglect we are truly grateful. Christmas was a festive day with us. The youth and children did themselves honor and made the day replete with enjoyment by their juvenile manifestations. Our dining-hall was beautifully festooned with woodbine and other ornamentations. While we were seated at the breakfast table, boding no surprise, we were suddenly serenaded by the juvenile company marching into the room, appropriately caparisoned and surrounding an organ they had placed in the room, gave us an unusual musical entertainment both vocal and instrumental. At the conclusion, the band departed as quietly as they had entered. In the evening we met in the dininghall and had a season of enjoyment which was made doubly pleasant by the enthusiasm manifested by the young, even to the least. The meeting was interspersed by . recitations alternated by vocal and instrumental music. An hour or more was filled by the young people, and the ancients of the mansion were made glad by the inspiration which permeated the meeting. At the close of the sociable we were treated to the bounties provided by those in temporal care. In this the young people were the waiters to carry the viands and drink and confectionary about to the company. As pleasant as the entertainment was, the nobility exhibited by the actors, filled the hearts of we recipients with a love and Christian blessing for them that language is incapable of expressing. Calvin O. Heed. South Family. Jan. 1898. Christmas morning dawned cold, clear and breezy. St. Nicholas made his annual visit to our home through th e agency of THE MANIFESTO. 27 Sister, Polly C. Lewis, leaving useful and delicious gifts for each member. St. N'ick and St. Polly made Christmas pleasant to all. Sister, Polly has past the eighty-third mile-stone of her earthly pilgrimage. Her life since a child of four years has been spent at the Mt.Lebanon family where she still lives to love and bless all who come within the radius of her benign influence. Christmas afternoon a party from this place attended a reunion and festival with our friends at Second family. The time was devoted to singing, reading, speaking and recitations; the hours glided away all too quickly; the interlude was an enjoy able repast from the liberal supplies of old Santa Glaus, the people's best friend. One of the interesting features of the occasion was the fine violin exhibitions rendered by (brother) 'Paul an apostle of Jesus.' Each act in the program was perfectly rendered. The family hall was richly decorated with eveigreens artistically arranged, reminding us of the Evergreen shores whei'e the Christinas bells will daily chime and friends will meet in that happy clime. Peogbam. Hail all Hail, Song by All. Introductory Remarks, by the Elders. Life of Christ, Dialogue. Ida and Susie. I Would Rather Be a Farmer, Poem. Violin Solos. Paul. Love Divine, Song by All. The Little Heart, Poem. Lena. Grandfather Snow, Poem. Mabel. The Household Tragedy, Poem. Lillian. Carol, Brothers, Carol, Song by All. I'm Always Well, Poem. Boys. The Question Answered, Poem. Ida. Family Financiering, Poem. Lillian. Bird Song, Poem. Behave Yourself. One Hundred Years Ago, Song by All. Christmas Bells, Song. Little girls. Song of Christmas, Poem. Bessie. Informal Prayer, Poem. Lena. Ding Dong, Song by All. Home, Living Christ, Ida. Susie. Closing Song, Praise ye the Lord. The old year 1897 expired in silence and was buried in a snow bank. The New Year 1898 is hard at work finishing 'what 1897 failed to accomplish of blow and snow and bluster. Sunday morning Sister Louisa Rice the family veteran who has witnessed eighty-five winters went weather exploring and returned with the information that the mercury recorded ten degrees below zero. Only a few were brave enough to encounter the cutting atmosphere. Sister Louisa is the good Samaritan of our family. Genevieve DeGrair. Shakers, N. Y. Jan. 1893. The festive season of Christmas and New Year has come and gone*. Its record we hope will be a verdant spot in the memories of those who were the participants. Willing hands placed a beautiful evergreen tree in our chapel, and with its brilliant illumination from the candle lights presented a very cheery aspect. But best of all was the burden of gifts placed thereon by that dear old friend Santa Claus. He must have a splendid memory as no one was forgotten. On Christmas eve we met to receive the gifts that he had to bestow. Hope that every fireside and home in our land was visited. While we step on the threshold of the New Year and find its page clean and white we question what will be its record at the close? Just what we make it. Only one moment at a timp is all we have to carry and the future ceases to be, by becoming the present. As we read of rumors of war and see the belligerent attitude assumed by the dying monarchies of Europe as a bluff to frighten their enemies; at the same time trembling with fear at the portends of the coming revolution which will be their overthrow, we pray that in our own beloved country the counsels of wisdom may prevail, so tha,t her mission can be to direct the nations of the earth to that condition of life which is founded upon the spix'it of love as it is the all conquering power. May all who love the truth be encouraged. We wish all of our gospel friends a prosperous year, and may the cause that we have given our life to sustain be blest as the result of faithful efforts. Hamilton DeGraw. West Pittsfield, Mass. Jan. 1898. We enter the Home Circle for the first call since 98 has been substituted on the record of time, for the familiar 97 of the past year. That, now, has taken its place in life's history, and the present and future await our writing. May its pages reveal to us the beauty of a life of true consecration, and of Christ-like deeds. As we took up a paper this morning we noticed these words by Phillips Brooks; 'What is going to be our truth for the New Year? Is it not that the love which has never deserted us shall come closer to us, because it finds us readier to receive it,-making us better, stronger, purer, nobler, more manly, more womanly, more fit for life. Not because God loves us any more, but because we with new openness are more ready to receive him into our lives.' There are beauties in the rocks and stones which we daily see, not noticed, until by careful study we learn of their wonderful formation. The smallest flower possesses a double beauty for us when we analyze each separate part, and realize the use of each in forming the perfect whole; and the dainty flakes of snow, reveal to us history of past miracles, as we investigate the truths of their formation. All around us are hidden beauties which only eyes opened to see, and a mind prepared to receive can fully appreciate. So with our spiritual natures quickened, we shall see in every phase of life the wisdom, love, and power, of an unseen hand. We have had some very cold wintry weather. The snow fell, the wind blew, and the cold was so intense that their united forces nearly formed a blizzard. The thermometer stood at ten deg. below zero at one time which was a signal for all water pipes so situated as to be able to hear of it, to refuse to hold the frozen water within them, until coaxt to resume their work once more. Among the blessings for which we daily are grateful, not the least is the daily addition of strength, which Brother Ira obtains, tho at present not free from suffering, we are glad for all taken from him. Our little girls were made glad on Christmas eve, by a nicely laden Christmas tree, its variety of fruits were eagerly gathered by them. May the coming year be one of true blessing to all of our friends, while each day as a step heavenward, leads to perfect happiness the glory of a Christ-like life. Fidelia Estabrook. Narcoossa, Florida Jan. 1898. The tide of winter travel and business has never set so strong toward Florida as it does to-day, all telling a good record for the future of the State. The leading question of the tourist is this,'Is the soil of Florida capable of raising enough to sustain the farmer?' Florida is willing to trust her own unaided charms, even against the false reports that have been made. Let the farmer come and show for himself or go and see what his neighbor has done. The enterprising advertiser of the Pacific coast has caught the men who deal in wheat, and pork and beef, while Florida has done all too little to offset these efforts of the California boomers. Since writing the above we have had another sad experience. Jan. 1, 2, and 3rd. Florida is again visited with an untimely freeze. The mercury fell to 25 deg. below freezing, which killed much of the vegetation that was not protected by fire or shelter. This may, for the present, retard the tide of emigration which has been so strongly turned this way. Like the other states, Florida has a dark side, and has also a bright side. Three years ago we had a big freeze which cut down most of the fruit trees north of the frost line, and the state has hardly recovered from that sad blow. 'A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner.' We can hardly learn humility and tenderness, except by suffering. Andrew Barrett. Shaker Station, Conn. North. Family. Jan. 1898. How fast time flies! The years speed by before one has scarcely time to realize they have begun. Another month and a year will have expired since the first Canaanites migrated to the beautiful land of Connecticut. How strange, and yet how real! Once more the holidays have bid us adieu. Christmas was spent in a very pleasant manner. In the a. m. all Enfield attended Service at the Church. In the p. m. an entertainment was given at the North family in which the three families participated We have many blessings for which we need be thankful; one we should prize above all others, is the pure relationship we are called to sustain as Brethren and Sisters in Christ, in whose hearts dwell no envy, anger, nor strife, for this must be consumed by the love of God. Edith Shufelt.