Books and Papers. Popular Monthly An important and interesting article on Mexico occupies the lending place in Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly for -January. It is written by Frederick Stone Daniel, and treats in an entertaining, manner of the country's history and the character and occupations of the people. There are many illustrations. The third paper of the series on Andrew Jackson is given in this number, and in it Captain John M. Tobin tells about The Military Heroes of Jackson's Time, the text being well sprinkled with gocd portraits. Then there is an article on The Presbyterians, by Rev. D. J. McMillan, of the Presbyterian Board of Home Missions. This is the second of a series of illustrated papers on the Religious Denominations of America. In an article entitled Fair Cincinnati, Charles Thomas Logan describes graphically the attractions of the Queen City of the West. Other illustrated papers are Beet-Sugar Culture in California, by Frederick M. Turner; The Lance in the German A rmy, New Year's Day Festivities, A Probable Giorgione, and The San Carlos Indians. There is an interesting installment of the serial The Catspaw, which appears to be drawing to a close; several short stories, contributed by J. Frederic Thorne, Eleanor C. Scott and others; a number of really good poems, and the always attractive young folks' department.Frank Leslie's Publishing House, New York. The Ladies' Home Journal The wife of the President has given special permission to John Philip Sousa, The March King, to dedicate to her his new composition, just finisht, and which will be called The Lady of the White House. Mrs. McKinley forwarded her permission last week to the editor of The Ladies' Home Journal, which will publish the Sousa composition complete in its next issue. This magazine has also received for the same number a new and large portrait of Mrs. McKinley, taken a few days ago in the White House conservatory. This is the second photograph which the President's wife has allowed to be taken within ten years, the first portrait taken of her since 1887 having also gone to The Ladies'1 Home Journal, which publisht it in its last October number, causing the entire edition of that issue to be exhausted. The Outlook Several illustrated articles of more than ordinary interest are to be found in the Magazine Number of The Outlook for January. Among them is the first installment of Edward Everett Hale's James Russell Lowell and His Friends, which has portraits of Lowell, Emerson and Longfellow, of singular beauty, and unknown to the general public. This series of articles by Dr. Hale will be the most prominent feature in The Outlook for 1S98, just as Mr. Justin McCarthy's Story of Gladstone's Life, now exciting so much attention in its book form, was in F97. The other notable illustrated features are The New York Public Library, by John S. Billings, the Director of thf Library : The Picturesque in American Life and Nature, by Charles Dudley Warner, as interviewed by Clifton Johnson; and Stoyd (tlie Swedish system of manual training,) by W. S. Harwood. With this number begins the publication of Dr. Lyman Abbott's series on The Life and Letters of Paul, ihet delivered as addresses at Plymouth Church, Brooklyn. The fiction of the number is supplied by a short story called Billy-Boy, by William Canlon, author of the charming stories in W. V., Her Book, and The Invisible Playmate; while a most amusing sketch called Little Students in Giiggsville, by the Rev. Uriah X. Buttles, adds to the entertaining element. ($3 a year. The Outlook Company, 13 Astor Place, New York.