Enfield, N. H. Jan. 1898. 'Manlike it is to fall into sin, Fiend-like it is to dwell therein, Christ-like it is for sin to grieve, God-like it is all sin to leave.' The above quoted rhyme, is a good one to preface the new year's volume of events, to remind us that virtue pays, and the way of the transgressor is hard. If it is written with the life pen of loyalty to faith, home and associates, it will be worthy of divine acceptance when finisht. To reflect upon the progress and failures made during the past year, will be time well spent, if we reconstruct any wreckage made, strive to make more practical the law of love, that in honor preferreth one another, and endeavor to do what we can to keep pace with the light of our day. One of the gladsome events of the old year, Christmas, we spent in a manner worthy of our calling. Our dining-room was tastefully decorated with wreathes of evergreen, spruce branches and potted plants. While at breakfast, Eldrcss Kosetta Ctimings, read a Christmas essay, after which, six little girls marc'ut around the tables singing a merry Christmas song. At ten o'clock, our North family assembled with us, and we devoted an hour to singing hymns, giving testimonials of faith, and the rendering of two pieces written for the occasion, by Sisters, Abbie Appleton and Agnes Parker. In the evening, the Sisters prepared a surprise oyster and cake supper, after which, we spent an hour in social communion, followed by an entertainment, given by our youngest people, and the unlading of a heavily laded Christmas tree, in whose gifts all shared. With us, the old bell of tradition, tolling out refrains of fear, bigotry and superstition, notes of 'sounding brass' denoting ways unprogressive and inconsistent with right living, has been substituted by the one of sweeter cadence, of kindness and deeds that spiritualize and make gladsome home life. Its new strokes, 30 THE MANIFESTO. sound the alarm of danger in remaining in the maze of regarding all things as they are, as well, and not passing into clearer and newer conceptions of duty, that 'build as the wise build,' a character of stronger virtue and larger usefulness, thus bettering society. We wish every reader of The Manifesto a happy new year, and long life to our organ of faith. George II. Baxter.