FORGIVENESS. By Eva Larkin. WHEN an experienced woodsman hews down a tree, he can not only tell the age of the tree by the wood grains exposed by the cutting, but by close observation he can read the history of past seasons. Each has left its impression upon the wood, the dry or rainy, pleasant or dreary periods are plainly discernible. So with our life. Each year adds to our spiritual growth, each trivial act forming a tiny grain, which in the future will tell what the life has been. As the tree grows, each year the outer ring is pusht toward the centre, leaving a place for the nevv growth constantly forming. So our characters are daily adding new growth. What we now give or receive, our thoughts and words, as truly as deeds, in process of time is pusht into the heart-lil'e becoming a part of our characters. As good wood is not formed in constant sunshine, neither is the truest life obtained by continual prosperity. Days of wind and rain, of trial and disappointment are necessary to a full development; and temptation firmly resisted, proves the strengthening tissue. But how often when yielded to they make upon the character, a blemish. We may be rude and ask to be excused, or thoughtless and implore forgiveness until the 'seventy times seven' have been fulfilled, in a thoughtless half-hearted manner, but such sorrow does not work repentance. If we are sincerely repentant and in humility, pray for strength to atone for the wrong committed, it will be given. When this spirit prompts a search for forgiveness we own our hatred of wrong, acknowledging before others our standard of right, thus strengthening our purpose to live more perfectly in the future. When again tempted to a like sin, we will think, 'I met this evil once and was conquered by it, this time I will be the conqueror, for the seal of true forgiveness is, 'Go and sin no more.' ' In the battle of life we often are wounded; sometimes unknowingly, by those around us, while at the same time we may send a dart at another, wounding those whom we hold dear. So it behooves us often to apply to the needs of others the oil of love and forgiveness, that we may in return merit the same. If we are wounded while fighting for the right, so deeply wounded that we feel we can no longer stand, we need not regret it, for it is only by losing the natural life that we gain the eternal. The soldier who returns from battle, bearing many scars as test of faithful service, is more honored than he who flees from the dangers and escapes unharmed. So the Christian approaching heaven's gate, when the battle is ended and the final roll is called, will count each scar an honor, while the dangers are forgotten in the joy of the welcome, 'Well done.' Shakers, N. Y.