OUR EXCHANGES. The Religious Telescope The Keligiotjs Telescope of Dayton, Ohio, is an able advocate of the 'United Brethren in Christ.' Its editorial care is under the management of I. L. Kephart, D. D. A close application to the teachings found in the Telescope would establish a beautiful church of united Christian Brethren and Sisters. The Nashua Weekly Telegraph The Nashua Weekly Telegraph is publisht in Nashua, N. H. under the direction of the Telegraph Pub. Co. It informs us that it is 'A political, Literary and Home Journal.' Sent of God Sent of God is publisht in Tabor, Iowa, by the 'Hepzibah Faith Home Association.' All workers connected with it work free, and trust God for their support. It is indeed, a great mission to be sent of God. The Diocese of Albany The Diocese of Albany is a Magazine of Church Literature and publisht in the interest of the churches of the Albany Diocese. The Good Way The Good Way is publisht by the 'Good Way Association' at College Mound, Mo. This paper is 'The Advocate of Holiness, Unity and New Testament Church Order. The Church Advocate and Holiness Banner The Church Advocate and Holiness Banner, is publisht by the 'Board of Publication of the Church of God,' at Fort Scott, Kansas. The Portsmouth Journal The Portsmouth Journal publisht by L. W. Brewster and Son at Portsmouth, N. H. It is a paper of Literature and Politics and for more than one hundred years has been the weekly visitor to a large class of readers. Vte are informed that since the publication of the 'Standard Dictionary' by Funk and Wagnalls, that not less than three hundred, including Editors, Publishers, Writers and Speakers, have agreed to adopt Rule 1st in 'Simplified Spelling.' The change is very slight, and yet a step in advance. J^j^One account says there was in the Ark, 1794 snakes and 26G0 crows. jJlJP^Thomas Paine was the friend of Washington, Jefferson and Monroe.//. J. Manyerum. JJ^^Spiders are raised in Philadelphia and sold at $10.00 per hundred. They are used for stocking wine cellars. 5^='A Maltese cat in New York has six toes and from time immemorial these have been regarded as mascots. 2^=St. Peters in Eome is the largest and handsomest church in the'world.