THE PROGRESS OF SHAKERISM. NO. 2 By Elder Henry C. Blinn IN the forming of the Shaker Communities, ministers, deacons, lawyers, doctors and tradesmen of all kinds were brought together, with their wives and children, and they were quite like those mentioned by the Apostle in Corinthians, Galatians and Ephesians, and like those who are found in every city and village. So soon as the Community was organized a Christian discipline was brought forward, and by multiplied, gradual steps the work has past on through many degrees of religious experience. The sermon on the Mount now became the subject for contemplation, as preferable to the study of military tactics or to the accumulation of selfish interests. 'To live righteously, soberly and godly in this present world,' became a theme for practical righteousness, as this new family or church of Christ came out from the relations of the old inheritance, and were baptized into that life which comes from God. These old heroes of the Revolution had now enlisted in the army of the Lord, and were fighting as zealously for the kingdom of God, as they had fought for the success of their national freedom. In the service of their country, and in the service of their God, they became the victorious conquerors and could rightfully say with the* Apostle,'We have fought the good fight, we have finisht our course, we have kept the faith.' It was a wonderful reformatory work that these soldiers of the cross had entered, and in their zeal to fight against the sins of the world, many things 18 THE MANIFESTO. were past over, that at a later date must be brought to the test of a Christian discipline. While there may be much neatness and much kindness among Americans, there may also be much love for tobacco and strong drink. The orators want it when they make a speech, and the ministers of an earlier date wanted it when they preacht a sermon. One of the old poets tells us why tobacco was so largely used, 'Men of sound reason used their pipes, For colic pains and stomach gripes.' A record of the installment of a Christian minister informs us that two 'barrels of New England rum were purchased for the company. During the few past years the temperance people and the anti-tobacco society have accomplisht a wonderful work. It was customary in the earlier part of the century to place before all visiting friends, the glass and decanter. Sometimes it was a glass of common cider, while at other times it was blackberry or strawberry wine, or perhaps a glass of cider brandy. Regular drains of spirit were taken every morning before breakfast, and then more or less cider at each meal. At the lime of establishing the Shaker Community and the accepting of a Christian life or discipline, as leading toward a more spiritual order, all the elements of human nature were brought together. These had existed in the family of man since the day that they entered the garden of Eden. In some communities might be found not less than three hundred people of all ages, of both sexes, and with multiplied religious professions. In the year 1828 a temperance wave past over the United States, and the several Societies of Believers at that time agreed to discontinue the use of the morning dram and the practice of placing wine or cider before any visitors. No spirit was to be drank except by order of a physician; and from this date a markt reformation began. It had, strange to say, taken some forty years to be able to comprehend the necessity of this advanced step in Christian progression. Altho the subject of temperance was more earnestly agitated in England than in America, yet neither those in the Christian church, nor many out of the church made any special change for several years. In 1837 the subject of eating and drinking was agitated and became a matter worthy of consideration by those who had accepted the life of Christ, and were learning how best to accomplish the most good as Christians of the resurrection order. The subject was brought before the people in several Soci*etics, and quite a large number of the Brethren and Sisters abstained from the use of fat and blood and from the grosser kinds of meat that came to the table. Some even abstained from meat of every kind, and no less from the use of tea and coffee. This was in accordance with the spiritual profession of the Shakers and could not otherwise than do a large amount of good. THE MANIFESTO. 19 Up to this date the majority of good Christian people had given but little or no thought to the subject of dietetics and were quite well satisfied to eat that which was placed before them, asking no questions. A slice from a ground hog was accepted with the same relish as a piece of roast beef, while a 'coon' well basted was a tidbit for an epicure. Believers in the Bible must be interested to know that Abraham has the honor of being the first reformer in this line and that he made a radical change from the customs of his day. Moses followed the example of Abraham and made more advanced regulations in dietetics. A most remarkable success attended the children of Israel, the foundation of which was laid whileon their wilderness journey. At the time that Abraham instituted the reformation, the human family ate very much as did the wild beasts, and like them made fat and blood a luxury. The Bible holds on record this remarkable commandment,'Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you,' and the race has followed this to the very letter. Every thing that could be procured, whether on the land or in the water, whether beast, bird or reptile has probably been used more or less for food. Strange as this may seem, the carniverous, and even the onmiverous habit still rules the human race and so late as the nineteenth century, the civilized nations find appetizing food in the cooking of reptiles. As food and drink have a ruling influence over the mind for good or ill, no Christian can well afford to allow the subject to pass without a thorough investigation. (To be continued.)