West Pittsfield, Mass. Jan. 1898. We enter the Home Circle for the first call since 98 has been substituted on the record of time, for the familiar 97 of the past year. That, now, has taken its place in life's history, and the present and future await our writing. May its pages reveal to us the beauty of a life of true consecration, and of Christ-like deeds. As we took up a paper this morning we noticed these words by Phillips Brooks; 'What is going to be our truth for the New Year? Is it not that the love which has never deserted us shall come closer to us, because it finds us readier to receive it,-making us better, stronger, purer, nobler, more manly, more womanly, more fit for life. Not because God loves us any more, but because we with new openness are more ready to receive him into our lives.' There are beauties in the rocks and stones which we daily see, not noticed, until by careful study we learn of their wonderful formation. The smallest flower possesses a double beauty for us when we analyze each separate part, and realize the use of each in forming the perfect whole; and the dainty flakes of snow, reveal to us history of past miracles, as we investigate the truths of their formation. All around us are hidden beauties which only eyes opened to see, and a mind prepared to receive can fully appreciate. So with our spiritual natures quickened, we shall see in every phase of life the wisdom, love, and power, of an unseen hand. We have had some very cold wintry weather. The snow fell, the wind blew, and the cold was so intense that their united forces nearly formed a blizzard. The thermometer stood at ten deg. below zero at one time which was a signal for all water pipes so situated as to be able to hear of it, to refuse to hold the frozen water within them, until coaxt to resume their work once more. Among the blessings for which we daily are grateful, not the least is the daily addition of strength, which Brother Ira obtains, tho at present not free from suffering, we are glad for all taken from him. Our little girls were made glad on Christmas eve, by a nicely laden Christmas tree, its variety of fruits were eagerly gathered by them. May the coming year be one of true blessing to all of our friends, while each day as a step heavenward, leads to perfect happiness the glory of a Christ-like life. Fidelia Estabrook.