ENROUTE. By Aurelia G. Mace. IT was a lovely morning,the 22nd of October 1897when Elders William Dumont and Henry Green, Eldress Elizabeth Haskell and the writer started from Alfred, Maine, for a visit to the Societies of Believers in New Hampshire. Through a clear, crisp atmosphere, the smoking engine hurried us along, over hill and through dale, by pleasant woodlands and cultivated farms to Alton Bay. Then for a number of miles, along the shores of Lake Winnipiseogee, through whose clear, placid waters could be plainly seen the white pebbly bottom of the lake. One view of Mt. Washington, far to the north-west and we are off to Laconia, at which station we are made glad by meeting two Brethren from Canterbury, Elder Benjamin Smith and Brother Arthur Bruce, with carriages to take us to their pleasant village twelve miles distant. We arrive as the shades of evening are falling and are welcomed to one of our most beautiful homes, by our own Brothers and Sisters. All things needed for our comfort are amply supplied by their love and care. The days of our visit come and go, all pleasant days, bringing pleasures and surprises manifold. 20 THE MANIFESTO. In the Office of The Manifesto, our beloved Elder Henry C. Blinn, explains to us the machinery by which our thoughts are stampt upon paper, and the little pamphlets are made, which carry our ideas to the Societies of Believers and to the outside world; all done under his watchful guidance. He then took us to his museum where are carefully stored many relics of old, so interesting to us in these latter days. We saw the skeleton in the closet, reminding us that we are 'fearfully and wonderfully made,' and while these earthly forms are niouldeiing to dust, the spirit, which is the reality, is marching on in the beautiful life beyond. We are visiting with those we have long loved, and surrounded by scenes which call to mind historical events of the old times. Not the least of these is the building in which the Sacred Roll was printed in the year 1843. Before us, we seem to see Philemon Stewart in all the glory of his great inspiration. Of our company, only one can remember those days. The evenings are delightfully enjoyed. One evening we listen to the quartet, to the piano and organ ; the next to the orchestra; but the evening in which the pilgrims marcht to the Holy City, was the entertainment which took the palm. We saw the beautiful city with its battlements and towers. We saw the shining ones passing out and in, guiding the pilgrims along their weary way. We saw Doubt and Scorn and all the powers of evil vanquisht. Then the door was opened to receive them, amid the rejoicing of the angels. At this time there came a scene for which we were wholly unprepared. Elder William Duraont said to Elder Henry Green, 'Let us go in, it may be our only chance.' So they past in, and 'in my dream,' I saw them no more. Under the loving control of Eldress Dorothy A. Durgin, these entertainments are perfected and carried out. The magnetism of her spirit smooths down the roughness, always strengthening the weak and drawing out the good. It is the divine Mother Spirit, in her, personified. 'Beauty reigns all around thy borders, Where her lovely feet have trod, Peace and order, love and union, In the power and gift of God.' As time passes on, the Sabbath comes. This day is marred by no cloud. It is a perfect day. At the appointed hour, the Sanctuary is opened, not only for the Believers, but also for those friends who choose to attend. The singing is in perfect harmony, and most beautiful and inspiring. In this service we had the privilege of listening to a discourse from Brother T. A. Dwyer, late from the outside churches, and now establisht in the New Jerusalem which hath come down from God, out of heaven. The Word is held forth in perfect language, and as the Testimony of true Shakerism falls from his lips, we can not wonder that the two thousand, who listened to his THE MANIFESTO. 21 pleading tones in the Universalist church in Laconia, turned to their homes in tears of joy and new resolves for the future. Thus will the old heavens and earth pass away and all things become new. This day came to a close like the others, and it will never be forgotten. In the course of the coming week, Elder Henry C. Blinn and Eldress Emeline Hart conducted us to their home in Enfield. Places of interest were pointed out to us along the way. We past the birth-place of the immortal Webster, and the Webster Lake, where, in youthful days, he spent hours of recreation in fishing. The journey was made very pleasant for us, and the time past quickly, bringing us to their home in Enfield. Eldress Joanna Kaime met us at the door, and her kind welcome gave us the assurance that we were not among strangers, but with our near and dear relation. Great kindness is shown to us in this home, where Elder Abraham Perkins spent so many years of his devoted life, the home of his heart's deep love. We remained nearly a week in this beautiful place, visited the North family, which was the home of Elder John Lyou, that great expounder, who kept the sieve full and kept it shaking. Would that he were here now, to continue the work, until the deserted villages were filled with the 'Elect,' 'Sought out and chosen.' The scenery here is magnificent. The Brethren of our company went to a lake, far up the mountain, on the west, fifteen hundred feet above the level of the village, from which the Society is always sure of an abundant supply of water. It seems to be in the crater of an old volcano, and there is no danger that it will ever break away and damage property. Elder William Wilson very kindly took us around Mascoma Lake, east of the village, pointed out the spot where the first Shaker meeting was held in New Hampshire, where the home of James Jewett, the first convert, was situated and where John Cotton received faith ; he being the first one to bring the gospel testimony after the order of our Church, into the state of Maine. That meeting was held the 8th of Sept. 1782. We stopt a day over our time that we might meet Eldress Rosetta Cumings and Sister Caroline Whitcher and three young Sisters who were absent from home. We enjoyed a lovely visit with them in the afternoon. In the evening had our farewell visit with the Ministry and Elders, only for the present, however; many meetings are to be in the future. The next day we were taken to the station by Brother George Baxter, and saying farewell to him until our next meeting, we retraced our way to Canterbury. When we arrived in Concord the rain was falling in gentle showers. Elder Henry Green left us at this point for Boston, homeward bound. We were expecting Sister Lucy Ann Shepard and a company of Sisters from Canterbury, who were on their way to Boston. We enjoyed an hour's visit with these loved ones, and then went on to Canterbury with the young Brethren, leaving the Sisters to take the train. When we drove up to the Office, 22 THE MANIFESTO. many anxious ones were there to meet us; altho the rain was pouring, the quartet was out singing of the 'patter, patter of the rain.' One day more in lovely Canterbury, which is to be wA\ improved. We are granted another short visit with our dearly loved Sister, Asenuth Stickney, who is suffering from injuries received by a severe fall; also au additional visit with Sister Harriet Hastings whom we have all known to love. Then we enjoy a delightful season with Elder Abraham Perkins and tell him of our visit to his home in Enfield. He bears up remarkably under his ninety years. By the kindness of our Canterbury friends, Sister Ednah E. Fitts is to accompany us to our home at Sabbathday Luke, stay with us during the winter and teach music. The last morning arrived, and with Sister Ednah we are taken to the station in Laconia. Here we part with Elder Benjamin and Brother Arthur, who have been so kind to us, and we are on our way home. We stop at Alfred over night and go on to Sabbathday Lake the next day. All is well. We again take up the thread of life in the old accustomed way. Our music teacher arranges her classes and commences her labor of love. Music is in the atmosphere and a song of rejoicing in our souls,a song that can only be learned by the hundred forty and four thousand. The half has not been told. Sabbathday Lake, Me.