THE EVERLASTING TRUTH. By Hamilton DeGraw. FOR the advancement of the human soul along the lines which are near, ing that goal, to reach which has bi en the hope of the founders of all forms of religious belief, and the desire of reformers in the political world for ages, organizations have been establisht among men for the purpose of solidifying and making the efforts to that end more effective. In reviewing history it is plainly realized that necessity is the parent of the forces that are evolving human destiny. For a larger scope and a broader freedom that will enable life to realize those conditions which are more favorable for its advancement new sects and parties have been establisht; the result of a breaking away from the old lines of thought which formerly controlled. The effort to attain this ideal is not prompted by the desire to win fame, for the percentage of such lives as have been recognized by their contemporaries is so small in comparison to the whole as hardly to be discerned. When in the course of human events the vestments worn by nations and races, by sects and parties have become outgrown, ragged and moth eaten, there must be a change. It is not merely a question of like or dislike, for from its exalted station the everlasting truth has given the command to advance, and obedience must be rendered. The Reformer who undertakes the beneficent tusk of educating human thought to a higher standard of duty must be a soul that is in close communion with its divine Parentage and can receive its inspiration unmixt with human foliies and wrongs; one who can meet the errors that afflict life with on unflinching look and condemn its infamous reign without cringing. One who has received the everlasting truth in his life and made it his permanent possession. 'What is Truth?' This was the question askt of the divine Teacher and is being repeated by every one who realizes that his life is capable of further unfoldment, and is anxious to come into a more perfect knowledge of that power which is able to clear away the debris of false ideas and customs and illuminate the soul with more perfect light; and as that is attained the answer is given. Human progress is not the result of forces moving in a confused and unorganized manner, but like the student in the rudimentary school who is led up to higher grades by a systematic development of the latent powers, so is the unfoldment of truth in its varied manifestations to the soul who is prepared to receive it. We are astonisht at the operation of laws which are evolving from apparent chaos an orderly condition, and call it the mysterious. That border land loses its claim for recognition in proportion as the truth is made manifest. No arbitrary lines can establish the boundary withno further shalt thou gofor being the offspring of the infinite Spirit we can only be satisfied when striving to attain unto our destiny. The advance thought of one generation TL.E MANIFESTO. 25 is the conservative of the succeeding ; for with the experience gaim'd through the success and failures of life conies the knowledge which enables us to understand that the spirit of truth is the one supreme and Almighty power. The environments that to the outward sense control the individual life, many times prevent it from realizing that 'there is a Divinity that shapes our ends, rough-hew them as we may,' even making the wrath of man or his ambition for personal honor redound to the benefit of his fellow-beings. Bonaparte, the central figure in thoLe mighty events which the opening years of the nineteenth century witnessed is the most prominent one of modern times. The scourging that was given to the effete despotisms of Europe that were styled civilized and Christian governments but whose principle object for existing was to live on the plunder extorted from the people regardless of the cres of the opprest and which compelled them to come to the people as supplicants asking for help to resist the invader, granting concessions which the ruling powers have never recovered, proving that life is more than the result of external forces, and that the immortal principle which alone can make free is the directing power in human events. When all the energy of life is given for the purpose of developing this principle, the question is not askt,Is it popular? What will the people think? But is it right? The uplifting power of truth is best exemplified in the words of the divine Teacher,uIf I am lifted up I will draw all men unto me.' The higher plains of thought and life can offer no compromise, and if we would commune with the dwellers it must be by ascending to their ideal. Garrison when he was contending against the powers of slavery said, 'I will not retract one word, and I will be heard.' Expediency, thou art a delusion and a snare. The honest man is honest whether material gain or loss is the result. Policy can not sit as an honored guest in the parlor of the soul who is entertaining that Comforter, even the Spirit of Truth which alone can grant absolution from the conditions of servitude from which every progressive soul is longing to be free. Shakers, N. Y.