NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. December. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1896. 24.42 % in. 8.5in. 1897. 29.97 4. ' 2ft. 9^' Highest Temp, during this mo. 58 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 8 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 4 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 8 ' ' clear ' ' ' 6 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 13 Dec. 31, 1897. December, with its terminus, passes 1897 into the vortex of by-gone years, laden with two feet of pure white snow for a winding sheet. We willingly bid adieu to the past year with all its pleasantness or unpleasantness. Altho storms and clouds have been superabundant, yet we share one of life's choicest blessings,good health. While sickness is very prevalent, yet, our family have escaped its contamination, for which neglect we are truly grateful. Christmas was a festive day with us. The youth and children did themselves honor and made the day replete with enjoyment by their juvenile manifestations. Our dining-hall was beautifully festooned with woodbine and other ornamentations. While we were seated at the breakfast table, boding no surprise, we were suddenly serenaded by the juvenile company marching into the room, appropriately caparisoned and surrounding an organ they had placed in the room, gave us an unusual musical entertainment both vocal and instrumental. At the conclusion, the band departed as quietly as they had entered. In the evening we met in the dininghall and had a season of enjoyment which was made doubly pleasant by the enthusiasm manifested by the young, even to the least. The meeting was interspersed by . recitations alternated by vocal and instrumental music. An hour or more was filled by the young people, and the ancients of the mansion were made glad by the inspiration which permeated the meeting. At the close of the sociable we were treated to the bounties provided by those in temporal care. In this the young people were the waiters to carry the viands and drink and confectionary about to the company. As pleasant as the entertainment was, the nobility exhibited by the actors, filled the hearts of we recipients with a love and Christian blessing for them that language is incapable of expressing. Calvin O. Heed. South Family. Jan. 1898. Christmas morning dawned cold, clear and breezy. St. Nicholas made his annual visit to our home through th e agency of THE MANIFESTO. 27 Sister, Polly C. Lewis, leaving useful and delicious gifts for each member. St. N'ick and St. Polly made Christmas pleasant to all. Sister, Polly has past the eighty-third mile-stone of her earthly pilgrimage. Her life since a child of four years has been spent at the Mt.Lebanon family where she still lives to love and bless all who come within the radius of her benign influence. Christmas afternoon a party from this place attended a reunion and festival with our friends at Second family. The time was devoted to singing, reading, speaking and recitations; the hours glided away all too quickly; the interlude was an enjoy able repast from the liberal supplies of old Santa Glaus, the people's best friend. One of the interesting features of the occasion was the fine violin exhibitions rendered by (brother) 'Paul an apostle of Jesus.' Each act in the program was perfectly rendered. The family hall was richly decorated with eveigreens artistically arranged, reminding us of the Evergreen shores whei'e the Christinas bells will daily chime and friends will meet in that happy clime. Peogbam. Hail all Hail, Song by All. Introductory Remarks, by the Elders. Life of Christ, Dialogue. Ida and Susie. I Would Rather Be a Farmer, Poem. Violin Solos. Paul. Love Divine, Song by All. The Little Heart, Poem. Lena. Grandfather Snow, Poem. Mabel. The Household Tragedy, Poem. Lillian. Carol, Brothers, Carol, Song by All. I'm Always Well, Poem. Boys. The Question Answered, Poem. Ida. Family Financiering, Poem. Lillian. Bird Song, Poem. Behave Yourself. One Hundred Years Ago, Song by All. Christmas Bells, Song. Little girls. Song of Christmas, Poem. Bessie. Informal Prayer, Poem. Lena. Ding Dong, Song by All. Home, Living Christ, Ida. Susie. Closing Song, Praise ye the Lord. The old year 1897 expired in silence and was buried in a snow bank. The New Year 1898 is hard at work finishing 'what 1897 failed to accomplish of blow and snow and bluster. Sunday morning Sister Louisa Rice the family veteran who has witnessed eighty-five winters went weather exploring and returned with the information that the mercury recorded ten degrees below zero. Only a few were brave enough to encounter the cutting atmosphere. Sister Louisa is the good Samaritan of our family. Genevieve DeGrair.