Dear Brother Albert... Boston, Mass. Feb. 2, 1898. Dear Brother Albert ; It pleases me more than I can tell you to hear that you are becoming more and more a 'partaker of the heavenly calling.' This is the glorious power of resurrection as experienced by all who enter into the life of Christ. As you advance in spiritual travel you will learn that this resurrection is no far off promise to be experienced after the dissolution of the body. It is a present gift. It is not the offer of a meager hope. It is the joy of Christian posession. It is the power of regeneration. 'Except a man be born again he can not enter the kingdom of heaven.' Just as soon as a man is born by the power of God's Spirit, he has already entered into the kingdom of heaven which the dear Jesus opened to us by his glorious life and death. So, my dear brother, as you open your heart more and more to the eternal life that is held out before you, you will begin to have eternal life abiding in you. May God make you very rich in both is my fervent prayer. Your countryman, Mr. Varley and myself have become fast friends. I am to spend this evening with him and Mrs. Varley. They are staying here at this hotel. I am delighted and pleased with Mr. Varle}', both as a man and as a preacher. He has become deeply interested in the Shakers. The churches are packt to hear him. I am longing for the day to come when I shall turn my face homeward. 0, how I think of you all! You are always with me. How could it be otherwise ! My heart is in dear Canterbury. Do not let anything trouble you. Do not let your thoughts dwell a single moment on thote things you left behind in old Babylon, but reach out and 40 THE MANIFESTO. grasp the better things that await you in happy Canaan. Remember you have not a burden, or a temptation that the dear Christ does not share. I beg you to study his life seriously, as recorded so beautifully in the precious New Testament. Let his life fill your life, let it make you brave, hopeful, and wholly unselfish. Let it make you, what every Shaker should be, a man of God, living in His service, rejoicing in His love, and feeling more and more each day, in your obedient soul the power of His everlasting life. What tongue then will be able to define your peace and happiness ? My heart is filled to-night with gratitude for the grand success of my missionary work. Night after night a large host of eager listeners gather around me. It is so easy to make the world trust one, when one can feel that he is trusted and loved by the dear Brothers and Sisters that form his own household. Adieu, dear Brother until I see you in our dear home. Your true brother, Thomas.