NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. January. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1897. 23.68 .75in. 2 ft. 1898. 25.45 1.25 ' 3&gt; ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 48 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 12 below' Number of rainy days ' ' 1 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 8 ' clear ' ' ' 7 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 15 We are having an old-fashioned winter of blizzards, pelting snow, and sleety rains, putting us in mind of Thompson's reflection from a review of winter: ' 'Tis clone! Dread winter spreads Ms latest gloom, And reigns tremendous o'er the conquered year, How dead the vegetable kingdom lies! How dumb the tuneful!Ye good distrest The storms of wintry time will quickly pass, And one unbounded spring encircle all.' When we reflect upon the uncertainty of life for man and beast, by storms and other disasters by land and sea and by human invention, it makes one yearn for that unbounded spring encircling all. The late catastrophe in Boston caused by the late blizzard sweeping from their fastening the electric wires, causing such terrible destruction, is a strong evidence, that the greatest blessings, under certain conditions, may prove the greatest curse. Notwithstanding we have some unpleasant weather, yet the blessing of a pleasant home, interested Brethren and Sisters, and a sufficiency of the comforts of life, and united by the bond of peace, love and union, are still ours to possess. 'Thanks to God for every blessing; Thanks to God for what we've gained, Thankfulness we are possessing, Holiness is here obtained.' Our Ministry, having given us their farewell blessing, were taken to West Pittsfield, Feb. 2, enroute for Watervliet, where they will tarry for one month, at least, blessing and being blest. At present date the business of our family is getting wood to keep us warm and harvesting ice to keep us cool. An electric road is being built from Pittsfield, west, to Tillitston's factories, if not to West Pittsfield. The prospect is that the State road will be built this year to New York state line, if not further. New York state is waking up to improve its highways. After a time this old Earth will be better fitted for a pleasant dwelling-place for Man, and he may be better fitted to dwell upon it. Calvin G. Reed. North Family. Feb. 1898. We are in the midst of a snow-storm whose force, at present, cannot seemingly be spent. This reminds us of the beautiful poem, 'Snow-Bound.' 'The morning broke without a sun; We lookt upon a world unknown, TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 43 On nothing we could call our own. Around the glistening wonder bent The blue walls of the firmament, No cloud above, no earth below A universe of sky and snow.' With snow above and all around we are literally walled in by banks of snow. The school was not opened on account of the storm. The large tank for hot water which has been located on the fifth floor of dwelling house for many years, has been lowered to first floor, by the skillful management of Elder Charles Greaves and his core of faithful Brethren. It is now connected with the furnace in the cellar and with less fuel we expect to be abundantly supplied with hot water. Sisters, with the help of Brethren, are weaving rugs. When finisht there will be many nice ones for sale. The subject of Vivisection has been pressed upon our attention by workers in the Antivivisection Society. When confined to Medical Colleges, and for the sole purpose of better understanding the human anatomy, even then it is an outrage upon helpless creatures too great for com' pensation in the benefits professedly derived ; but as any evil unchecked leads to greater evil, we have now to work against that feature in public schools which is nourishing in thousands of pupils those sentiments of cruelty which inevitably tend to criminality. We view the cruelties as practiced by many vivisectors as another form of the Inquisition. Should we not do all in our power to lessen evil and increase good wherever we have opportunity? Sarah J. Burger. Shakers, N. Y. Feb. 1898. Fkom the window of our room where we are domiciled penning these Notes, we can look out upon the garden plat where in a few weeks we shall be engaged preparing the ground for the reception of seed with the hope that it will bring fortl many fold of the good things of life in the shape of fruits and vegetables. At present it is a wilderness of snow and ice, and our picture is in the anticipation of an ideal to which we are looking forward for fulfillment. If it was not for this persistent urging to gain possesion of that which at present we do not have, whether in the spiritual or material phases of life, the main stimulus to exertion would be gone and the energy at present displayed would be fossilized in that of an autonomon which is dependent upon power foreign from itself to move it to action. While perusing the last editorial upon the advancement made in dietetic reform in our Communities we were made assured that the world does move and no intelligent person would wish to go back to the (good?) old times of hard cider on the dining table, or the social smoke. 'Physician heal thyself,' could with propriety be said to the advocate of abstinence front strong drink who was suffused with the fumes of tobacco smoke or chewing the filthy weed. That such habits have a derogatory influence upon the physical, intellectual and spiritual organization of the user is well known. To what extent is determined by the resisting power inherent in the individual constitution. We rejoice in the advancement that has been made, with an earnest hope that the good work will go on to still greater perfection. Hamilton DeGraw. West Pittsfield, Mass. Feb. 1898, February came to us on the winds of a blizzard. The snow fell thickly, the wind tost it about in the air and finally piled it in huge drifts in most inconvenient places,, in front of doors and across paths; like giant battlements they stood, requiring; armed forces to break them down. For a while it seemed as tho peace could never be produced from such chaosr but lo ! in a few hours a change is wrought. The next morning the sun, quietly and without hurry, yet with patient persist- 44 THE MANIFESTO. ency sends its beams over the earth, subduing the winds until they become a murmur, and then disappear leaving the earth once more to the reign of peace. Nearly every morning during the last month a procession could be seen starting from our valley and wending its way up the mountain sides, there to lay seige to the fort held by the forest kings. In a short time they descend, bringing their captives taking them to the mill at the base of the mountain, where they received a course of training to fit them for future use. Some are to aid as timbers for a new barn in the place of our west barn. The ice harvest has been gathered. The huge blocks, fourteen inches thick have been stowed away, for days which we can hardly imagine at present. With Brother Ira's hand once more at the helm we move steadily onward. Nearly six weeks of the new year has past and as we daily turn the pages of our calendar should not each day bring us nearer to the fulfillment of our resolves. Our aim is, progression; our motto, 'Excelsior,' so tho each succeeding day brings like duties to perform we may improve by each repetition, until like the road which, continually winding around the mountain, with each turn brings the summit nearer, we may find our steps leading farther from the self-life, and nearer to the life divine. We would gladly reach our hands to our young friends in each Society for a firmer grasp, while we unite in a resolve that our future lives shall be deeper consecration, more earnest endeavor, and greater loyalty to faith;that from the seeds we now are sowing may grow a harvest to bless the reapers by and by. Fidelia EstabrooJc. Sabbathday Lake, Me. Feb. 1898. Mid-winter is here. Snow lies in huge banks all about us, and it is often remarked,'We are having a real old-fashioned winter.' Several fierce storms have visited this vicinity lately making prisoners of us for a day or two and weather severely cold at the same time. Now the days are growing longer and we are rejoicing in the thought that winter will not last forever. The Brethren succeeded in harvesting a quantity of fine ice before the big storm came. At present some are engaged in lumbering. A brother has lately felled an old growth pine, four and a half feet in diameter at the base. Since last Nov. we have been studying the rules of music. An hour each day for the different classes has been spent under the careful training of Sister Ednah Fitts, to which we gladly respond. We most certainly appreciate the kindness of our brothers and sisters of Canterbury who are so lovingly bestowing upon us from their fund of knowledge. Elder Wm. Dumont and Br. Wm. Paul are kindly giving their time caring for our aged Father Samuel Kendrick who is still lingering with us,'Only waiting till the shadows are a little longer grown.' Ada S. Cummings. Narcoossee, Fla. Feb. 1898. The incoming year has dawned upon Florida with brighter hopes than was at first expected. Not only has Florida overcome the recent disaster of the freeze but at this early date almost everything denoting a visitation from Jack Frost has been removed and the farm and garden have again been planted. The crops are looking well. The orange groves which have been the main dependence of income, was not so badly injured as at first reported. In some sections of the town of Narcoossee the groves received no perceptible damage, while others show it in a small degree. One writer says we can balance our accounts this way,'From five to seventyfive per cent of the foliage is hurt.' This shows that the frost came in waves. It struck some locations heavier than others. THE MANIFESTO. 45 If the farmer and gardener can not pile up money as fast as he can at the north, he is able to make for himself a good comfortable home. The greatest of all gains made by the people of this state is seen in their temper and in thought. Experience has brought to them the full conviction that they can live for themselves. There will be no such time of general depression as we have experienced Our self-confidence has been restored and without arrogance we stand on our own feet. We have had at our home for the past three weeks our Br. Francis Pennebaker of Pleasant Hill, Ky. His general health has not been so good as he would wish and he comes to obtain more health. So you see, Florida has some advantages. We hail the New Year! We need only play our part. Florida will do the rest. Please say that the Mercury in time of the freeze indicated seven degrees below freezing. Andrew Barrett. Enfield, N. H. Feb. 1898. From the heart of the Christian, swells out the anthems of gratitude; each stanza noted with good deeds to be done for the good of humanity. As a nation we can render tributes of praise to the noble workers in the field of life, for sacrifice given to better human conditions. Thankful that no blotch of cruelty smears our republic life, like that which defiles the Turkish nation, whose fanatical, blood-thirsty spirit, dealt death and misery to thousands of helpless Armenians and Greeks. Thankful that no tyrannical force has been spent upon subjects like unto that which the cruel Spanish executed upon our Cuban neighbors ; also thankful that no spirit of covetousness like the greedy European Powers has moved us to grasp the Hawaiian Islands. Thankful that at the head of the grandest cause of fellow helpfulness to souls struggling in the whirlpool of intemperance, stands a pure, intelligent and active woman, Frances Willard, of whom a nation may well be proud. Thankful that at the head of our government, is one we can look upon with respect, and trust his generalship in matters pertaining to America and her institution's welfare. Thankful that no famine like unto that which has smitten beautiful India, has spread a covering of woe upon our country, and very thankful for the encouraging signs that come from every field of Christian labor, that the past year excels any previous one in work done in the name of Christ and Christian brotherhood. Thankful for love and good wishes brought by our revered Br. John Cumings: from our Enfield, Conn, kindred at whose home he spent a few days. We extend our thanks and grateful feelings for kindness extended to him. An important and lengthy work, of painting the one hundred and eighty-twa windows of our Dwelling House, is being done by Sisters, Ann Cumings, Marinda Keniston and the writer. George II. Baxter.