Books and Papers. Popular Monthly What will no doubt prove the most practical and best illustrated magazine article on the Klondike gold regions that has yet been publisht is announced to appear in Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly for February. It is written by Henry Clay Oolver, a wellknown resident of Seattle, and treats the.subject in a simple yet exhaustive manner. After describing the various expeditions that have set out from Seattle for Dawson City, the author gives some valuable and interesting information to those about to embark for the gold regions, including a list of necessary provisions, utensils, etc., to last a man for a year. This article is supplemented by one giving a general description of Alaska, its resources, people and customs, by R. H. Herron. There will be more than thirty fine half-tone illustrations of scenes and people in the gold regions and parts of the Territory and a handsome map of Alaska, 17x23 inches, showing the location of the places of interest along the Yukon and the Klondike. Those who arefpreparing to take advantage of the opportunities presented in Alaska, and those who are only indirectly interested in the new El Dorado, should by all means read these articles. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health, for February opens with a character sketch of Charles T. Yerkes by J. A. Fowler. Phrenotypes and Side views, No. 20. by H. S. Drayton, M. D. This article has special reference to the nose, and to make it still more interesting, it has several illustra-, tions. Charactei sketch of Rev. Wm. L.Watkin son by D. T. Elliott. A remarkable skull of which three illustrations are given. This skull is said to have been taken from a shell mound in the state of Washington. An Interview with Mrs. E. J. Bacon, by Jessie A. Fowler. Mrs. Bacon has in possession the renowned stone portrait an illustration of which may be seen in the Journal. An interview with the Superintendent of Prison industries, F. H. Mills. The healing Art in the twentieth century, by Susanna W. Dodds, M. D. Child Culture, by Uncle Joseph is interest ing and prettily illustrated, and then comes the Inquisitive Boy. Many other articles of interest will please the careful reader and furnish him with a fund of information.