Books and Papers. Popular Monthly What will no doubt prove the most practical and best illustrated magazine article on the Klondike gold regions that has yet been publisht is announced to appear in Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly for February. It is written by Henry Clay Oolver, a wellknown resident of Seattle, and treats the.subject in a simple yet exhaustive manner. After describing the various expeditions that have set out from Seattle for Dawson City, the author gives some valuable and interesting information to those about to embark for the gold regions, including a list of necessary provisions, utensils, etc., to last a man for a year. This article is supplemented by one giving a general description of Alaska, its resources, people and customs, by R. H. Herron. There will be more than thirty fine half-tone illustrations of scenes and people in the gold regions and parts of the Territory and a handsome map of Alaska, 17x23 inches, showing the location of the places of interest along the Yukon and the Klondike. Those who arefpreparing to take advantage of the opportunities presented in Alaska, and those who are only indirectly interested in the new El Dorado, should by all means read these articles. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health, for February opens with a character sketch of Charles T. Yerkes by J. A. Fowler. Phrenotypes and Side views, No. 20. by H. S. Drayton, M. D. This article has special reference to the nose, and to make it still more interesting, it has several illustra-, tions. Charactei sketch of Rev. Wm. L.Watkin son by D. T. Elliott. A remarkable skull of which three illustrations are given. This skull is said to have been taken from a shell mound in the state of Washington. An Interview with Mrs. E. J. Bacon, by Jessie A. Fowler. Mrs. Bacon has in possession the renowned stone portrait an illustration of which may be seen in the Journal. An interview with the Superintendent of Prison industries, F. H. Mills. The healing Art in the twentieth century, by Susanna W. Dodds, M. D. Child Culture, by Uncle Joseph is interest ing and prettily illustrated, and then comes the Inquisitive Boy. Many other articles of interest will please the careful reader and furnish him with a fund of information. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy for January is very interesting. Dr. Gifford has an article on the use of salt and contends that its use is not a necessity. He then extends his article and treats of the cause of Dropsy and then of the treatment. Prof. Bland has an article on A Big Bacteriological Blunder, which has diverted the attention of physiologists from the correct line of investigation. Prof. Allison says, 'You rarely find one who believes what he eats has any influence on his character.' 'Faith,' says the Bible, 'comes by hearing' and it may come by reading. Read and see. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo, Ind. Israel's Messiah or Why the Jews Reject Christ Israel's Messiah or Why the Jews Reject Christ, By H. L. Hastings. Mr. Hastings sends forth this little book trusting that it will assure the careful reader that the reason Why, will be made perfectly plain. Any one interested in this subject can easily be assured from the many proofs which the little work contains. It costs only five cents and can be obtained at 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. Guessing enigmas is an innocent recreation... Guessing enigmas is an innocent recreation; but guessing enigmas in order to win a prize and paying a sum of money or purchasing an article, for the privilege, is a 'game of hazard, in which small sums are ventured for the chance of obtaining a larger value, either in money or in other articles,'and this is Worcester's definition of a lottery. Its motive is 'to gain something for nothing,' which is the motive for gambling. Its effects upon the mind and character of its victim may be as injurious as the effects of gambling. Its prizes are given on the same principle by which a gambling house divides the 'bank' among the fortunate gamesters. It allures to repeated trials, not only novices but also successful as well as unsuccessful guessers, by the chance it offers of winning coveted aniDunts and by the certainty of receiving a certain value, as a package of tea or a subscription to a paper, in return for trifling outlays. The well-baited inducements offered by the papers which have recourse to the enigma lottery, for the double object of notoriety anil of increasing their subscription lists, constitute, in fact, lottery, advertisements, and subscriptions to these papers are sold in place of lottery tickets. The Contributor.