THE PROGRESS OF SHAKERISM. NO. 3 By Elder Henry C. Blinn MOSES gave rules, what should and what should not be eaten, and the wisdom of his inspired judgment is an honor to his name and age. Jesus and the Jewish Christians must, no doubt, have maintained these rules with the utmost precision, and they should have been kept in full force by all Christians. On the introduction, however, of the Gentile Christians, into the Church of Christ, who did not believe in Moses, nor in Mosaic discipline, they retained all their former habits and customs, and these finally became the rule of government for the modern Christian church. The God-inspired example of Abraham with the laws that Moses had promulgated, and no less, the discipline of Jesus and his disciples, were all thrown to the winds, and the savage and warlike Christians, ate the fat and blood of animals, and used for food nearly every living, creeping thing. As the Shaker Societies receive all their accessions from the ranks of the world, they must be subjected to many of these varying influences that arise from the generative order, whether through heredity or through broken laws. As the ruling spirit of the age, is generation without law, and appetites and passions without discipline, the order of ascendency into the life of Christ, must be very gradual, if it is made at all. This forces all reformations, whether of the mind or of the body to be more or less spasmodic. The thought that enters into the life of one person, and induces a growth MARCH 34 THE MANIFESTO. for higher and better qualifications, in everything that makes man more of a man, may pass by the next mind without even causing so much as a ripple of thought on this important subject. The next general reformatory wave that past over the Shakers, was in 1842, when they decided to abandon the use of swine's flesh as an article of diet. Up to this date pork had been universally used and as one writer says, 'Nothing was left of the beast but the bristles, which were sent to the shoemaker. This creature's scrofulous ears, and feet and snout and even his tail were placed upon the table, for good people to pray over, and then to eat with profound thanksgiving.' The presentation of the roasted swine's head (as repellent as it must have been to a sensitive mind) was made the high honor of the feast, at which sat the dignitaries of the so-called Christian Church, and over which they probably uttered a special Christian grace. Dr. Foote says, 'I am firmly convinced that mankind are injured by eating swine's flesh, and I am disposed to believe that the hog, if a healthly animal to-day, would in time become diseased by eating man.' 'Swine are addicted to filthy habits, and one of the causes of blood impurities is the use of pork.' 'As an article of diet, pork exerts a most pernicious influence on the blood, overloading it with carbonic acid gas and filling it with scrofula.' It was a god-sent revelation to the Shakers to discontinue the use of swine's flesh as an article of food. In this revelation they-had the most implicit faith. Intelligent minds, at once, accepted the advanced step and anticipated the beneficial results that must arise in their favor. The predisposition of so many persons to scrofulous taints, warrants particular care on this subject, as health of body is one of the great blessings of God. Altho the drinking of drams had been largely discontinued so early as 1828, the universal discontinuance of drinking cider was not brought about till the year 1842. The old time-honored cider mill suddenly became of less value and cider, for vinegar only, was made. As there was no manufacturing of this article, the interest in drinking it became less and less, till the Communities well earned the name of Christian temperance societies. In the dismissal of cider drinking and pork eating may be included that also of tobacco chewing and smoking. Early in the century it was one of the special customs in nearly every private family, to receive an invitation to smoke a pipe of tobacco. It was to the Americans about the same as was the mug of beer to the Germans. Almost every room you entered, whether in a public or private house, you found the air strongly impregnated with the fumes of the noisome weed and quite often the floor befouled with a quantity of tobacco juice. The pipe became the daily companion of both men and women, and when two or three of these worshipers of the weed were earnestly engaged, it was with difficulty that one could see distinctly across the room. 'Dr. Woodward after presenting a long array of facts, showing the tend- THE MANIFESTO. 35 ency of tobacco to produce diseaseapoplexy, consumption, headache, dyspepsia, cancer and insanity, concludes with the following inquiry;'Who can doubt that tobacco has destroyed more lives and broken down the health of more useful members of society than have been sufferers from the complaint of bronchitis ?' In many cases tobacco fumes poison the air that we breathe, while the clothes and breath of those who use it beloul the an- with a very disagreeable stench. The foregoing, of course, have been radical measures for the moral and spiritual advancement of the Communities, as well as for the general health of the body. The agitation of these necessary subjects has by no means been useless labor. Like the leaven, so aptly illustrated in the parable, it has changed the lives of a large number of persons, and brought about conditions more congenial and more in harmony with the age in which we live. It has enabled many persons to make a practical application of the advice of the Apostle,'To live soberly, righteously and godly in this present world.' It has had a salutary influence on the use of correct language and in the manifestation of care and kindness in the general interest of each other and, indeed, for all humanity. In the growth of these reformatory movements that have gone through the land, there are many examples of heroic characters who have wrought out their freedom from the slavery of perverted appetites and become the victorious conquerors. To hold this position for so many years, and with such signal success, is indeed, a great victory. Sometimes the quandary arises;Shall we be able to maintain this Christian position against the strong influences that are around us? With the general intelligence and the practical knowledge that is abroad in the world to-day, it does not seem as tho it could be possible to return to those things which we have so wisely abandoned. We are assured that it was for the best good of all concerned, and neither as a matter of personal taste, nor in conformity to the custom of a special class in Society, should we deviate from a matter of right. 'Down to the third and fourth generation of those that hate me,' says the word of the Scriptures, and that hate is a departure from knowledge, and from the laws of God for the safe going of man. While all the animal tendencies are born with man, they have their legitimate use, but a perverted appetite and an unbridled passion is quite below that which we designate as animal. With this class there may be neither thought nor desire for any change. An hundred years have come and gone, and the Shakers have moved carefully along the way, accepting the many lessons that have been proffered for the temporal and spiritual prosperity of the Community. 36 THE MANIFESTO. It is the mission of the disciple of Christ to become a new creature. To be* made anew, and that in the likeness of the anointed, spiritual Teacher. With this newness comes a new language, such as may be spoken in the kingdom of our God. Well might we live in the prayer, 'Leave us not in temptation,' as the language and the influences of a low estate surround us. We go abroad in the world, and as a guest we may be invited to drink;at the table we are served with swine's flesh, and so soon as this is over comes the invitation to smoke. These are the leeks and garlicks of our own land of Egypt, toward which we may be tempted. Under the influence of a weak conscience we find it hard to turn away. Little by little the protective barriers are taken from around us and we find ourselves heavily laden with those very things from which we had covenanted to abstain. When a point has been gained that can be shown to have accomplisht beneficial results, for the best good of Society, it would be a sad mistake, to neglect, carelessly, our advantages and allow them to pass from us. 'Hold fast that which thou hast gained' is the admonition of the Scripture, and for our present and future prosperity we may do well to bear this in mind. (The End.)