Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. January. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1897. 23.68 .75in. 2 ft. 1898. 25.45 1.25 ' 3&gt; ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 48 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 12 below' Number of rainy days ' ' 1 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 8 ' clear ' ' ' 7 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 15 We are having an old-fashioned winter of blizzards, pelting snow, and sleety rains, putting us in mind of Thompson's reflection from a review of winter: ' 'Tis clone! Dread winter spreads Ms latest gloom, And reigns tremendous o'er the conquered year, How dead the vegetable kingdom lies! How dumb the tuneful!Ye good distrest The storms of wintry time will quickly pass, And one unbounded spring encircle all.' When we reflect upon the uncertainty of life for man and beast, by storms and other disasters by land and sea and by human invention, it makes one yearn for that unbounded spring encircling all. The late catastrophe in Boston caused by the late blizzard sweeping from their fastening the electric wires, causing such terrible destruction, is a strong evidence, that the greatest blessings, under certain conditions, may prove the greatest curse. Notwithstanding we have some unpleasant weather, yet the blessing of a pleasant home, interested Brethren and Sisters, and a sufficiency of the comforts of life, and united by the bond of peace, love and union, are still ours to possess. 'Thanks to God for every blessing; Thanks to God for what we've gained, Thankfulness we are possessing, Holiness is here obtained.' Our Ministry, having given us their farewell blessing, were taken to West Pittsfield, Feb. 2, enroute for Watervliet, where they will tarry for one month, at least, blessing and being blest. At present date the business of our family is getting wood to keep us warm and harvesting ice to keep us cool. An electric road is being built from Pittsfield, west, to Tillitston's factories, if not to West Pittsfield. The prospect is that the State road will be built this year to New York state line, if not further. New York state is waking up to improve its highways. After a time this old Earth will be better fitted for a pleasant dwelling-place for Man, and he may be better fitted to dwell upon it. Calvin G. Reed. North Family. Feb. 1898. We are in the midst of a snow-storm whose force, at present, cannot seemingly be spent. This reminds us of the beautiful poem, 'Snow-Bound.' 'The morning broke without a sun; We lookt upon a world unknown, TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 43 On nothing we could call our own. Around the glistening wonder bent The blue walls of the firmament, No cloud above, no earth below A universe of sky and snow.' With snow above and all around we are literally walled in by banks of snow. The school was not opened on account of the storm. The large tank for hot water which has been located on the fifth floor of dwelling house for many years, has been lowered to first floor, by the skillful management of Elder Charles Greaves and his core of faithful Brethren. It is now connected with the furnace in the cellar and with less fuel we expect to be abundantly supplied with hot water. Sisters, with the help of Brethren, are weaving rugs. When finisht there will be many nice ones for sale. The subject of Vivisection has been pressed upon our attention by workers in the Antivivisection Society. When confined to Medical Colleges, and for the sole purpose of better understanding the human anatomy, even then it is an outrage upon helpless creatures too great for com' pensation in the benefits professedly derived ; but as any evil unchecked leads to greater evil, we have now to work against that feature in public schools which is nourishing in thousands of pupils those sentiments of cruelty which inevitably tend to criminality. We view the cruelties as practiced by many vivisectors as another form of the Inquisition. Should we not do all in our power to lessen evil and increase good wherever we have opportunity? Sarah J. Burger.