Beloved Elder Henry;--I presume it would be interesting... Stab, Ada Co,. Idaho. Jan. 17, 1898. Beloved Eldek Heney;I presume it would be interesting to some of the readers of The Manifesto to hear from the State of Idaho, especially from one of the household of faith. We have six inches of snow but the mercury has only been down to five of zero, and winter did not commence until the 2nd of Jan. The winter months seem to be propitious for revivals, which are well attended. Two ministers of Boise City are conducting a revival in the Christian or Campbellite church at Star and I have attended several of their meetings. These blind guides are clamoring for unity of all churches, yet they claim their church advocates the doctrines of Christ and all others should fall in line with them. But the Baptists and several other churches claim they are the true followers of Jesus, yet we are told that,'By their fruits ye shall know them.' The minister stated last evening that none could claim to be followers of Jesus the Christ unless they 'walk even as He walkt and purified themselves even as He was pure.' I entertain grave doubts as to whether, one of his vast audience comprehended those sayings, for none can 'walk as he walkt' and live the pure life of Jesus and Ann and their followers and yet live in the works of the flesh. I preacht three sermons in the Methodist church a short time since and a few days ago I learned they did not want any doctrine preacht in their church which did not grant them license to live in the flesh and that marriage is a divine institution. My text'Be of good cheer, I have overcome the world.' In the course of my remarks I called the attention of my audience, to what John meant where he said,'All there is of the world, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye and the pride of life,' stating that these cor-, rupt conditions must be overcome or we could find no place in his kingdom. The good Apostle said truly,'So then they that are in the flesh can not please God.' Rom. viii., 8. Why, because they have their husbands and wives to please.I Cor. vii., 32, 33, 34. For this cause alone I am denied the use of the church. Many nonprofessors said they would come and hear me, because I explained passages of Scripture, that other ministers dare not handle but the good Christians have refused to let me occupy their churches. Now dear Brethren and Sisters I can truly say I am living the virgin life and shall hold out to the end of my faith. Paul said,'He that preaches the Gospel should live of the gospel.' May The Manifesto live long to enlighten this darkened and sin-curst world, is my earnest desire. Your Brother, William W. Bellmiee.