West Pittsfield, Mass. Feb. 1898, February came to us on the winds of a blizzard. The snow fell thickly, the wind tost it about in the air and finally piled it in huge drifts in most inconvenient places,, in front of doors and across paths; like giant battlements they stood, requiring; armed forces to break them down. For a while it seemed as tho peace could never be produced from such chaosr but lo ! in a few hours a change is wrought. The next morning the sun, quietly and without hurry, yet with patient persist- 44 THE MANIFESTO. ency sends its beams over the earth, subduing the winds until they become a murmur, and then disappear leaving the earth once more to the reign of peace. Nearly every morning during the last month a procession could be seen starting from our valley and wending its way up the mountain sides, there to lay seige to the fort held by the forest kings. In a short time they descend, bringing their captives taking them to the mill at the base of the mountain, where they received a course of training to fit them for future use. Some are to aid as timbers for a new barn in the place of our west barn. The ice harvest has been gathered. The huge blocks, fourteen inches thick have been stowed away, for days which we can hardly imagine at present. With Brother Ira's hand once more at the helm we move steadily onward. Nearly six weeks of the new year has past and as we daily turn the pages of our calendar should not each day bring us nearer to the fulfillment of our resolves. Our aim is, progression; our motto, 'Excelsior,' so tho each succeeding day brings like duties to perform we may improve by each repetition, until like the road which, continually winding around the mountain, with each turn brings the summit nearer, we may find our steps leading farther from the self-life, and nearer to the life divine. We would gladly reach our hands to our young friends in each Society for a firmer grasp, while we unite in a resolve that our future lives shall be deeper consecration, more earnest endeavor, and greater loyalty to faith;that from the seeds we now are sowing may grow a harvest to bless the reapers by and by. Fidelia EstabrooJc.