A PLEA FOR THE HELPLESS. By Catherine Allen. THE Antivivisection Societies of Europe and America represent a movement which can not fail to call forth the blessing of every one of just and humane sentiments, who has knowledge of the terrible facts which make such organizations necessary. The experience of those who undertake to forward the work proves how very few, even of those who suppose themselves informed on the subject, begin to know to what extent needless cruelties are being practiced on animals in hundreds of colleges and lesser schools, or who would believe for a moment that friendless hospital patients and criminals are in some places being experimented on by merciless operators. Not long since, the writer was earnestly solicited by an outside friend to use her influence in summoning aid in this work from the several Shaker Societies, and have not earnest workers in the various fragmentary reforms of the world, a right to look for co-operation by a people who are called to embody in practical life the truth and goodness in the many phases toward which they are working? As a part of the great life of humanity, is it not vitally essential to our existence as a people to interest ourselves in every movement which tends toward the general progress of the race? In serving our fellow-creatures we find the greatest privilege of life. The broader our fields of labor the richer will the harvest be, and through such support as it is in our power to give to many worthy movements of our time, may we not find favorable opportunities for spreading a knowledge of those truths which have been committed to our keeping. The Secretary of the Antivivisection Society, after thanking for the 'proffer of fraternity from the esteemed Shaker Community,' exprest a desire for printed matter concerning us, proving how readily a mutual interest is awakened through co-operative effort. THE MANIFESTO. 39 The writer has sent to the Secretary the names of a few whom she thought might do some work in the Cause. The signatures of Brethren and Sisters in our Society have been added to the 'National Petition' and some financial aid has been given. Could not every family of Believers help in the good work by keeping in our reception rooms some of the literature which will be sent promptly to any who will apply for the same to Mrs. Fairchild Allen, Secretary of the Antivivisection Society, Aurora, 111. Thus many names might be added to the roll of Petitioners and some financial aid be secured. All have some outside acquaintances. By enclosing leaflets on the subject and urging action on the part of those receiving it many others may be stimulated to help. Ministers and school-teachers have wide influence, they should be remembered. Thus, by united effort may we not accomplish much in the cause for God's helpless suffering creatures? Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.