THE LAW OF LOVE. By Ezra J. Stewart, T I ^HERE are probably few who, in the course of their experience, have not JL often queried as to the true nature of love. Many have been prompted to the most heroic self-sacrifice for what seemed to them the fullest embodiment of love and yet have failed to reach that deep satisfaction which only the attainment of their highest ideal could give. This disappointment awaits us all in whatever efforts we put forth just in proportion as we misconceive and misinterpret this most potent and all-pervading force. The desire to understand more clearly and fully the real nature of love, to learn its true analysis through daily experience will bring to us the opening of a new life wherein each successive step brings a clearer perception and more positive knowledge of the great drawing power of love, the law of all lawsattraction. As we are drawn into a perception of this love we see the good as an omnipresent force, the only vital power in the universe. Love is life, and all that is necessary to gain more life and a higher grade of vitality is a fuller recognition of th? love principle and power which is ever around and about us, only awaiting the opening of individual perception when it shall be ours to possess, to appropriate for personal benefit, and for the uplifting to a higher plane than the merely sensuous all who come within the sphere of our influence. With love in the intelligence all desirable things become possible and easily accomplisht; while without it, life seems dreary and hopeless; hardships fill the pathway, and failure like a haunting demon casts the dark shadow of discouragement over every effort till we are led to query why above all things men should desire life. But the answer comesIt is because love, the pos- TKE MANIFESTO. 41 itive, self-existent and eternal in our being calleth for its own. More, more, of life, of liberty, essentially of love, has been the cry of humanity through the ages, and to-day we realize our heaven in reaching for and manifesting more and still more of 'the greatest thing in the world' as Drummond has so beautifully exprest it. Paul understood this when he wrote 'love suffereth long and is kind.' It seems as tho everything of worth wTas contained in those brief words. Under the baptism of this gift how the heart expands in sympathy and kindliness toward all creatures; how willing are we to suffer, to bear and forbear and patiently wait while working for a greater unfoldment of this divine life in those around us, because we have positive faith in it and in its uplifting, all prevailing power. In the early history of the race when the human was lifted but a slight degree above the animal, all conquest was attained through the combative and warring qualities innate in those crude conditions. In the primitive ideal of their personal God was found hate, vengeance and wrath, and every warlike attribute. As the race has gradually evolved to a higher state the conception of God has been divested of personality and correspondingly improved, and is now recognized as the spirit of love and peace. Instead of fighting and struggling so much against evil (so-called) we are learning to turn toward the good, to look for the good in others and to nourish it by kindly thoughts and deeds, to improve every opportunity to so strengthen this good that error shall be displaced, overcome by greater truth. There are those who still struggle and fight like good warriors against what they call the evils of life, not having come to an understanding of the law by wrhich all things work together for good to those who are uplifted from fear and bondage into the liberty of the love realm whence cometh all power. We may be reminded of the old proverb, 'The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom,' but later we are taught that 'Love is the fulfilling of the law,' and that 'Perfect love casteth out all fear.' Love begets self-trust. To have conscious knowledge of the soul's oneness with the All-Good is to be whole or holy. In this oneness we will manifest more and more the divine life latent within, and in that confidence, hope and trust which becomes true men and women, we will find a shield from all harm outwrought through the exercise of the perfect law of love. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.