REMARKS MADE AT THE FUNERAL OF OUR SISTER, HARRIET HASTINGS. By Elder Abraham Perkins. MY acquaintance with our departed Sister has been that of many years. I learned of her life, her character and her principles, during my associations with her in the Ministerial Order. Whatever the circumstances and conditions which existed in our several Societies, requiring the counsel or judgment of the Ministry, I always found her seeking wisdom to enable her to do duty honorable to herself and as became a Christian leader and minister of our Church; that in a case coming before the Ministry for judgment, or before her as a member thereof, in a demand for a verdict, she might do justice and give no cause for suffering through selfishness, partiality or error on her part; that in results there should be no cause for accusation of injustice, and that Zion should not be dishonored by the weakness and acts of its officers. The motto of her life was truth, justice and honesty,loyalty to her Christian faith, to her Communal Covenant and covenantal relations, and just and honest dealings with all people, whether friends or foes. The words of the Psalmist well apply to her life and character, truly demonstrating her trust, her readiness and willingness to be known and judged in the divine order of God, as portrayed in the Twenty-sixth Psalm, 'In Thee, O Lord, have I put my trust. Prove me, and judge me. Thy loving-kindness is before mine eyes. I have walked in thy truth. In innocency I washed my hands, so would I compass thine altar. I have loved the habitations of thine house, and the place where thine honor dwelleth. My foot stood in an even place. In the congregations, I bless the Lord.' Thus may it be truthfully said of our departed Sister. For many years she has been confined to her room under suffering. Disabled by infirmity of body, she was unfitted for active service, and deprived of many blessings pertaining to the social and spiritual relations of our Church, all of which she has borne with saintly patience. Realizing, as she did, that physical restoration was impossible, she had long desired a passport to that realm and haven for which she faithfully and unremittingly toiled for a fit 56 THE MANIFESTO. preparation, trusting to the welcome and embrace of friends who in this life had been with her as Christian laborers and co-workers. With her I rejoice that her releasement has come,that her reward is with her, and is such as we might all covet. East Canterbury, N. H.