SAVIORS. By Alonzo G. Hollister. 'Saviors shall come upon Mount Zion to judge the Mount of Esau, and the kingdom shall be the Lord's.' 'I am, I'm your Savior, your friend and protector, I guard o'er my chosen with peculiar care; So fear not, beloved, I'll guide you from danger And thou of my blessing may most freely share. When deep tribulation like a flood is descending, And sorrow like waves of the ocean doth roll, In the depth of affliction rely on my power, And I will preserve you safe from all harm.' # Who is the Savior that thus promises safety and consolation, and who is the party addressed? Doubtless it was first given to an individual sufferer for Christ's sake, but it stands equally good for every true disciple of the lowly Nazaiene. The party speaking is evidently some one thoroughly identified with the Spirit of Truth, which is the real Savior. Nothing but the Spirit of Truth can induce free rational beings to sacrifice their own lives and individual interests in a straightforward, persistent, unselfish effort to save and benefit others. It is true that individuals impelled by natural impulse, or sympathy, or love of glory, have sacrificed their physical lives, for a friend, for their country, for honor, ambition, affection or hate, but when such motives are traced to their origin, we believe they will be found in part or wholly selfish. But the spirit which puts by its own will and pleasure to serve not a narrow circle of related individuals, but many, regardless of flesh and blood ties, in a life-long devotion to their highest good, is of divine origin, and is divine. 'We have the first and chief example of this in Jesus of Nazareth, who rejected the will of his natural, inferior self, that he might make it his pleasure to do the will of his Father in this respect. The Father loveth me, he says, because I lay down my life for the sheep. His giving his life a ransom for many, did not consist in his death on Calvarybut was given all along in serving, and in the daily cross which he bore for his disciples' sake. Since his time, he has had many imitators, imbued with the same spirit, and making the same sacrifices of self to carry on the good work by him begun. He said, He that believeth on me, the works that I do, shall he do and greater works than these shall he do, because I go to my Father. What does the term, greater works, here signify? It means the growth and increase of the work, which in him was only in embryo, to its mature, fruit-bearing culmination in organized communities of consecrated individuals. There were twelve Apostles, concerning whom, we have the fullest record, by Paul. It is a record which shows him to be a worthy disciple of him who said, I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life. Paul gave his life for the THE MANIFESTO. 53 sheep, in the same manner as did Jesus, altho he received his gospel by revelation, after Jesus had entered the Eternal World. If Paul, or any other disciple did greater works than Jesus did, either they were not recorded, or they were not of the kind commonly supposed to be miraculous. If Jesus was the truth, his Apostles were the truth. For he, or the spirit in him, was the vine, and they, or the spirit in them, was the branches all of one substance and mutual supports to each other and so the branches continued to grow one upon another in regular succession, so long as he had any followers by the daily cross of self-denial. After this cross ceast to be borne among those claiming Christ's name and authority, then came the night which Jesus foretold. Walk while the light is with you, for the night cometh, wherein no man can work, the works of God as he had taught them. This period is known in history as the dark ages, because mankind in those parts of the world which claimed the greatest enlightenment, were so ignorant, so barbarous, savage, lawless and corrupt, contentious and vile, as to distinguish the period between five hundred and one thousand five hundred after Christ, in the eyes even of natural men, from the ages before and since, for its unparalleled brutishness and depravity of conduct. At the close of this distressful period, the Spirit of Life from God, descended again to mortals, (Rev. xi., 11) and the character and title of Savior was revived in Mother Ann, into whom the Spirit of Truth entered to abide. That living Branch of Righteousness which was raised up in her, has put forth other branches that have borne fruit and the succession of branches has been maintained through Apostles to the present time. The life of the Savior is still given, inasmuch as they manifest his spirit of self-sacrifice for the welfare of the body, to all the members who are walking in his steps. We know we have this power, because by it we have been raised from the death of nature and nature's darkness, to life and light and victory over the world. And this is the time we read of in the Prophets,'Behold the days come saith the Lord, that I will perform the good word which I have spoken concerning the house of Israel and the house of Judah. In those days and at that time, will I cause a Branch of Righteousness to grow up unto David, and he shall execute Judgment and Righteousness in the land. In those days shall Judah be saved and Jerusalem shall dwell safely. And this is the name whereby she shall be called the Lord our Righteousness.'Jer. xxxiii. And so it is. David means beloved; Judah means praise. This Branch grows up to the Lord's beloved ones, and He is their Savior, operating through mortal instiuments, who have dedicated themselves to praise Him in this service. In Christ's first appearing, this Branch was raised up only in the male order, as proved by the male officered church, which claims to be the continuation, and sole heir of the inheritance left by the Primitive Christians. Woman 54 THE MANIFESTO. has been entirely excluded from having any voice in her councils and assemblies for worship, hence the miserable plaint that follows the Prophets description of the Branch of which it is said,'He shall be called The Lord Our Righteousness.'Jer. xxiii. This plaint of the Prophet, applies to the church of Antichrist, which ruled after the apostacy from the primitive faith and the cross of Christ, till the time of Christ's second appearing, or for about one thousand three hundred years. After this, the Lord again caused a Branch of Righteousness to grow up unto David and to execute judgment and righteousness in the land. As the only fit sequel and support to the first, this Branch came forth to visibility through Woman,'For this is the name wherewith She shall be called, the Lord our Righteousness.'Jer. xxxiii., 15, 16. This Branch being now establisht alike in both parts of manhood, the counsel of peace is between them, and there is no longer any complaint of dereliction from duty, nor of deviation from righteous rectitude and equity and brotherly and sisterly love, but an affirmation of Jehovah, strong as the ordinances of heaven and earth and the covenant between day and night, that the seed of this union plant shall be multiplied as the host of heaven and as the sand on the seashore for multitude, and prosperity shall attend them forever. If Judah was saved and Jerusalem dwelt safely in the time of Christ's first appearing, it must have been chiefly in a spiritual sense. Literal Judah and Jerusalem, were both under the dominion of foreigners. The nation was torn by factions who were saved from shedding each other's blood, by the iron rule of Herod the Edomite, their hereditary enemy. The Jerusalem alluded to, must be the 'Jerusalem above, which is the Mother of us all,' and which is descending out of heaven, from God, for Mother's children to inhabit, in the Dispensation of the Bridethe Dispensation especially of woman clothed with the Sun of divine righteousness and revelation; shedding abroad that light which makes the New Day perpetual wherever she abides. Compassing man, both masculine and feminine, with light and knowledge of eternal things. Undoubtedly, literal Judah and Jerusalem, what remains of them, when the justice and righteousness of the New Era shall become so expanded in operation as to recover their ancient heritage, will share in the general and mighty renovation. But where on the inhabited earth, after one hundred and twenty years of prosperous growth of this Branch of Righteousness, can the praise of Godr rising from hearts that are saved, that worship Him in the Spirit of Truth, and the Holy Jerusalem inhabited by gentle, peace-loving souls, dwell safelyf but in this liberty-loving land of America, where freedom of conscience is guaranteed by the organic law of the Nation, and maintained by the power of God operating through enlightened public opinion ? Can we see the hand of God in this, to fulfill the word spoken by the mouth of His Prophets, twen- THE MANIFESTO. 55 ty-five centuries ago. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see their God. The eyes of the blind shall be opened, and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopt when they turn with their whole heart, to seek and to serve the Lord. 'For in mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be deliverance as the Lord has said and in the remnant whom the Lord shall call.'Joel ii., 32. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.