IS THE OLD YEAR DEAD? By Nancy L. Rupe. The old year is dead, is re-echoed around, Out of the calendar, out of the sound Of clamorous voices, of present events, Fulfilled the mission for which he was sent. Gone, ever gone? Nay, his influence still Doth live in the present, and, live ever will; Not one of those years since the great birth of time, But live in some record which they've left behind. O! man hast thou erred in an unguarded hour? Abused and dishonored thy God-given power, Made home desolate, crusht paternal hearts, And trifled with time, as her days did depart? Then none need to tell thee the old year still lives, Nor can his successor, with all that he gives, Erase from thy soul the dark deeds of the past, Or vanish from memory the lives thou didst blast!. Or hast thou been swift with a slanderous tongue? The fame to deface of the aged or young? Or filled up thy coffers by cheating the poor, Then none need to tell thee the old year's no more! It haunteth thy pillow, it stingeth thy heart, Thou may'st argue its absence, or bid it depart! It will laugh at thy anguish, and mock at thy sorrow, Will tell thee it liveth to-day and to-morrow. If imprisoned, some poor fallen mortal doth groan, Thou mightest have rescued by act, word' or tone, The cup of intemperance to others did'st give, Then none need tell thee the old year doth live. Hast thou smoothed the rough pathway of some fallen one, A boon of compassion on others bestown?' In sickness or sorrow a kind act or word, With grateful emotions thy heart's pulse been stirred? Of thy great abundance did'st bountifully give? Then thy heart respondeth, the old year doth live. Thus live the past years, in the depth of the soul, Thus writing their record as vast ages roll; And each living soul will its own record keep. In glory or shame, all will sow what they reap, Then sigh not and say not the old year is dead, Tho' its date from our calendar ever hath. sped, Thus thousands have ended, and millions will come, Frail man but an atom, his race is soon run. Pleasant Hill, K//.