TWINE. few persons have an idea of the enormous consumption of twine in this country. One of the greatest demands for the article comes from the farmers, who consume thirty-five thousand tons annually upon the self-binding harvesters. Allowing five pounds to the mile, this would be equal to a string long enough to go more than six times round the earth. It takes a length of about three feet of twine to tie a bundle of straw. The farmer sits on his machine, drives alone through his grain field, and without any assistance cuts, bundles, and ties twelve acres of wheat grain per day. The twine used on the self-binder is generally made either of Sisal or Manila hemp. The Sisal is the cheaper material, but it is not so strong or durable as the Manila. In some twines a mixture of the two is employed. For binder purposes, the twine should have sixteen turns to the foot, and a length of three feet would have a breaking strength of not less than seventy pounds. The twine must be carefully made, free from swells or knots, or it will not run smoothly through the knotting device of the binder. The average consumption of twine on a binder harvester is two pounds per acre. About twelve hundred feet of twine per acre are required. It costs the farmer about twenty-five cents an acre for his twine. The Manila hemp makes much the better twine, being stronger, smoother, and more durable. The raw material costs more, and its twine sells for more than Sisal hemp, but the Manila twine goes further, and is actually cheaper in use for the farmer; but this fact, however, is not appreciated by him; and he sticks to the Sisal twine because offered a little less per pound than the better article of Manila. Then, again, the Sisal twine breaks much of tener while running through the binder than the Manila. At every break the farmer must stop his machine, and spend ten or fifteen minutes to fix up. He never thinks of charging his lost time THE MANIFESTO. 63 aga nst his poor twine. As long as he gets it for a cent or two less than the better article, he is perfectly satisfied, no matter if it does bother him. Scientific American.