OUR MISSION-ITS AUTHORITY. By Jessie Evans. THE ministry of Jesus, as recorded in the four gospels, is acknowledged universally to be the guide and pattern for the entire Christian world to-day; it has been the stake to the martyrs of old; and we believe that it will ever be the formula, by which all the difficulties which beset humanity may be wisely and peacefully adjusted. This, then, should be our primary study, as professed disciples of Christ. Much in the memoirs of Jesus impresses us concerning his love, his sympathy, his tenderness for the children, his forgiveness, and his charity; but there are sterner qualities, too, in the character of Jesus, which should not be lightly passed over by the student of Christian biology. Let us pause for a moment, and with careful scrutiny mark the bearing of our Savior, when surrounded by the haughty Scribes and Pharisees. He has just left the presence of the feeble, the halt, the leper, the blind; at his bidding the deaf ears catch the music of his loving voice, and at his gentle touch the unclean spirit, reminded of its legitimate place, instantly seeks it. In the hearts of the proud Pharisees rises the thought: ' 'Is not this the carpenter's son ? is not his mother called Mary ? and his brethren * * * and his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence then hath this man all these things ? ' The stilled tempest, the resurrected Lazarus, the liberated ones who were but lately so grievously afflicted, are not accounted for on these lines. Nay, the spiritual mission of the Christ is as distinct from the personality of Jesus 50 THE MANIFESTO. as is heaven from earth; yet how perfectly the heavenly manipulated the earthly in his case! Ah, herein lies the secret of success ! 'If a house be divided against itself, that house can not stand,' he said to his followers. With the majority of so-called Christians to-day, the trouble comes from this division. Conscience demands what the physical refuses to expresshence the discords, the failures, the sufferings, so world-wide. The ties of consanguinity should lay no bias upon the soul. He who preached that eloquent sermon on the Mount was not the 'carpenter's son.' Long years after the carpenter first claimed him as son, came the voice of the Divine, which said, 'This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.' After this spiritual relationship was established, Jesus ignored the plane of nature, not as an evil, but as a stage from which he had risen, as a bud forgotten in the full blossom, as the home nest to the bird that has plumed its wings and taken its flight into the broad heavens of God's watchful provident care. He had been 'born again.' Henceforth his parentage was in God ; his brotherhood, man; and this admitted no circumscribed ministrations. 'Whosoever shall do the will of God, the same is my brother, and my sister, and mother.' They who judged from nature's stand-point reiterated the inquiry: 'Is not this the carpenter's son? From whence hath this man these things? And what wisdom is this which is given unto him ? ' Enumerating the physical relatives of the messenger, however, far from answering the questions, only added doubt to doubt concerning the spiritual message, with which the soul of Jesus was burdened; but they who were spiritually awakened, when asked by the Savior who he was, replied, 'Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God,' and divine commendation sealed the truth. All through the career of Jesus the line is distinctly drawn by him, disassociating the workman from the work. When the tribute money was discussed, how wise was the reply : 'Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's.' The human, in obedience to human law, must yield its own, but the spirit'against such there is no law.' 'Though ye believe not me (the workman) believe the works.' Among the sayings of Jesus, little may be traced to merely human origin; when the physical gave utterance, how instantly were the words modified by the superior! Even in the fearful agony of Gethsemane, when the human pleaded : '0 my Father, if it be possible let this cup pass from me,' unhesitatingly followed the spirit voice, 'Nevertheless not as I will, but as thou wilt.' In contemplation of this sublime phase of the Christ character, the questioning arises, Are not we, as avowed disciples of the Savior, oftentimes satisfied to see as 'through a glass darkly?' Do we not, as Believers in this Christian authority, too often confound the human with the spiritual? As THE MANIFESTO. 51 the Christ matured, Jesus as a physical existence became less and less prominent, as the 'carpenter's son' was lost to view in the multitudes which flocked to hear, how distinctly rose the Christ tones in that sermon of sermons upon the Mount! The sacred Covenant which we have subscribed, is something more than a legal compact. The Virgin Church is not a Shaker village, however perfectly the material environments may be adjusted. However low and mean we, as workmen, may be when compared with the 'carpenter's son'the fruit of obedience to nature's lawour faith, our covenant, our call from the resurrection heavens, bind us to the self-same spiritual mission, which actuated the life forces of Him, who said, 'I and my Father are one.' The walls of our material homes will crumble as dust to dust, but what of the mission entrusted to us? Any individual or community, whose life currents move in parallel lines with the example and testimony of our Savior, is successful in every sense of the word and at every bend of the way. The individual may be boycotted by his associates, but it is 'for my sake and the gospel's' and bitter becomes sweet in the assurance. The community may be reduced in physical membershipis gold of less value because it loses bulk by the subtraction of the dross? Is wheat the worse for the removal of the chaff? Our persecutions as a people have done us goodthey have taught us and brought us precious humility. Our seeming enemies, in passing from our midst, have proved friends in disguise. Their vituperations have revealed pungent truths, perhaps unwelcome truths, which our several Communities have been wise enough and brave enough, thank God, to embrace. In the time of Jesus, the 'love of man}7 waxed cold,' but the Christian truth gathered followers enough to perpetuate the testimony, which will live despite persecution and obstacles of every name and nature. There are no dying qualities in the essence of the Savior's mission, there are no short-lived phrases in the testimony of eternal truth. We are bound, by our Covenant, as assignees of our suffering founders, to be the 'salt of the earth;' we hold in the grasp of our consecrated wills 'the pearl of great price.' With the unobtrusive yet unflinching authority of the Christ, may we hold our rightful place among the churches of this land! The silver lining of divine goodness gleams through the ebon cloud ; Grod's workings are deep, his designs for us are as yet unfulfilled. Our holy faith, as perfect as God is perfect, will yet be coupled with works, which will attract and convince the whole world of our sincerity; then though they believe not in us, yet the purity of our work shall lead them to glorify God. This is our mission ; who will be the missionaries ? East Canterbury, N. H.