NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. February. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1897. 26.5 Min- 15.75 in. 1898. 29.5 % ' 23 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 50 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 8 below' Number of rainy days ' ' 2 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 7 ' ' clear ' ' ' 8 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 11 March, 1898. Lo! The winter is past with its cold chilling blast, With its storm bursts and blizzards distressing We hail the young Spring, for we're sure it will bring The musical birds, and to earth vernal dressing. At the close of the day, February 28, 1898, we gave winter an obituary farewell. Its obsequies were performed with unalloyed pleasure. It is the only death that has taken place worthy of note, for more than three months Health, a prime blessing has been a boon companion attending us in the varied duties of life, through the past winter. It would be a unique innovation of the common methods of humanity, if there should not be any disturbance in the biliary secretions that would produce a complaint. We strive to keep a watch over our spirits, that they do not become incurably diseased with malaria of indifference or any maleficence, so as to lose the divine protection of kind guardian spirits. It is the strife to keep alive our gospel faith; 'The faults of all others to freely forgive, but never make peace with our own faults.' The Church and North family hold meetings together on the Sabbath whenever the weather will permit. We know that our union is a bond of blessing. Monday morning, Feb. 14, Elder Joseph Holden, Elderess Harriet Bullard, and Sister Emma Jane Neal started for Florida to visit Olive Branch to judge of its future prospects. They reserve their opinions until they return. They have commenct their homeward journey, and will stop in Georgia to view a part of the 46 square miles that the Union Village Community have purchast there. 'So we go, to and fro; While we tarry here below, But by and by we shall hie To a dwelling up on high.' Calvin O. Reed. South. Family. March, 1898. We're always looking forward For something that's to be But the greatest yet to happen Is the Great Eternity. To-day we're looking forward For spring which is to come, When trees will be in blossom House-cleaning well begun. With gardens renovated To 'blossom like the rose,' THE MANIFESTO. 59' And orchards pruned with neatness Where finest fruitage grows, When sidewalks will be minus Of banks of ice and snow When no more danger there will be Of tumbling down, you know. Our ice was nicely gathered They say twelve inches thick, Some was thirteen and a half All solid as a a brick. It is the sixth of March to-day And very much like spring, Roads are good for sleighing yet For sleigh-bells daily ring. But birds outvie them with their songs, We daily hear them sing. We're glad to learn our editor Still dwells upon this side Of that mysterious river which Is called the 'Great Divide.' 'Tis said no sickness there can come If so it grand must be To dwell apart from all that's ill In that Eternity. Now, kind editor, we hope Some time you'll come this way, And spend a few weeks at our home When summer comes to stay. Genevieve DeGraw. Shakers, N. Y. March, 1898. We fully endorse the hope that our beloved editor may not long remain under the bonds of physical affliction, and that the blessed angel that cometh with healing in his wings will be a constant attendant; for there are none to spare, especially in the editorial line, for those who are able to compile a magazine so replete with good things, beneficial to the soul life of earth's pilgrims toiling on their upward journey as was the March number of The Manifesto, must be sustained. This is not mere sentiment, but we believe the voicing of the honest feelings of its readers. One more royal soul has joined the triumphant band. The name of Frances E. Willard rests like a blessed benediction over the lives of those who are struggling to burst the fetters of that demoniac power,the liquor traffic. As President of the International Temperance Union she won immortal laurels. May the mantle of her zeal and consecration rest upon those who are left to continue the battle she so nobly led! March has commenct its record with a quiet demeanor that is not generally ascribed to its character. Hope it may continue, as we are ready to welcome the beautiful spring with its birds and flowers. Hot-beds are being prepared and the sowing of seed and its care will be the business to occupy the mind of your correspondent and his co-laborers. Hamilton DeGraw.