Enfield, N. H. March, 1898. Fob all to whose home the hearse of transition called and bore from its shelter a loved one, we send a wreath of loving remembrance and fellow-sympathy. When we heard of the higher call of Frances Willard, we grieved, for we could not say it was well, as she had not reacht the halting place of inability to benefit humanity. Is not her life one of the best testimonials in favor of the Christ work of human elevation and the Christ-like spirit of purity and intelligence that graces our Nation's history of illustrious Christians? She is of those who knew that they must pursue the way in which they would lead others, and school themselves would they teach others how to devastate the wilderness of sin and gloom, and transform it into fruitful fields of active goodness and virtue. As nature contains no useless forces, communities to be garlanded with the vine of success, can not. So we catch the echoes from nature's vast domain,'Toil thou for the future; Tho hidden may be the structure you build by devotion and care, but if founded in virtue its worth will appear.' As we turn the telescope of mental sight upon the earth's surface, we see and hear '60 THE MANIFESTO. of 'wars and rumors of wars,' which remind us of our duty to do what we can to quell the storms of evil about us. As we poise it higher, we see the glorious sun and dome of white and blue, which teach us that the elements of heaven are lifegiving ; and as we put on a spiritual lens we perceive a glorified host of the redeemed, who sing,'Blessed are the peacemakers for they shall be called the children of God.' Having lost the work of putting together the Corn Planters, an industry for many years carried on in this place, yet we lose not all profit, as through the successful manipulation of the trade machine operated by Brother John Cummings, we will supply the new company with the necessary lumber for their annual need. It is a general verdict that this winter has been the worst experienced for ten years. The severity of the weather has not resulted in sickness among us, yet we rejoice that soon a carpet of green will have replact the present one of white, and hoes and pruning knives will take the place of shovels and plumbing tools. George H. Baxter.