NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. February. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1897. 26.5 Min- 15.75 in. 1898. 29.5 % ' 23 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 50 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 8 below' Number of rainy days ' ' 2 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 7 ' ' clear ' ' ' 8 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 11 March, 1898. Lo! The winter is past with its cold chilling blast, With its storm bursts and blizzards distressing We hail the young Spring, for we're sure it will bring The musical birds, and to earth vernal dressing. At the close of the day, February 28, 1898, we gave winter an obituary farewell. Its obsequies were performed with unalloyed pleasure. It is the only death that has taken place worthy of note, for more than three months Health, a prime blessing has been a boon companion attending us in the varied duties of life, through the past winter. It would be a unique innovation of the common methods of humanity, if there should not be any disturbance in the biliary secretions that would produce a complaint. We strive to keep a watch over our spirits, that they do not become incurably diseased with malaria of indifference or any maleficence, so as to lose the divine protection of kind guardian spirits. It is the strife to keep alive our gospel faith; 'The faults of all others to freely forgive, but never make peace with our own faults.' The Church and North family hold meetings together on the Sabbath whenever the weather will permit. We know that our union is a bond of blessing. Monday morning, Feb. 14, Elder Joseph Holden, Elderess Harriet Bullard, and Sister Emma Jane Neal started for Florida to visit Olive Branch to judge of its future prospects. They reserve their opinions until they return. They have commenct their homeward journey, and will stop in Georgia to view a part of the 46 square miles that the Union Village Community have purchast there. 'So we go, to and fro; While we tarry here below, But by and by we shall hie To a dwelling up on high.' Calvin O. Reed. South. Family. March, 1898. We're always looking forward For something that's to be But the greatest yet to happen Is the Great Eternity. To-day we're looking forward For spring which is to come, When trees will be in blossom House-cleaning well begun. With gardens renovated To 'blossom like the rose,' THE MANIFESTO. 59' And orchards pruned with neatness Where finest fruitage grows, When sidewalks will be minus Of banks of ice and snow When no more danger there will be Of tumbling down, you know. Our ice was nicely gathered They say twelve inches thick, Some was thirteen and a half All solid as a a brick. It is the sixth of March to-day And very much like spring, Roads are good for sleighing yet For sleigh-bells daily ring. But birds outvie them with their songs, We daily hear them sing. We're glad to learn our editor Still dwells upon this side Of that mysterious river which Is called the 'Great Divide.' 'Tis said no sickness there can come If so it grand must be To dwell apart from all that's ill In that Eternity. Now, kind editor, we hope Some time you'll come this way, And spend a few weeks at our home When summer comes to stay. Genevieve DeGraw. Shakers, N. Y. March, 1898. We fully endorse the hope that our beloved editor may not long remain under the bonds of physical affliction, and that the blessed angel that cometh with healing in his wings will be a constant attendant; for there are none to spare, especially in the editorial line, for those who are able to compile a magazine so replete with good things, beneficial to the soul life of earth's pilgrims toiling on their upward journey as was the March number of The Manifesto, must be sustained. This is not mere sentiment, but we believe the voicing of the honest feelings of its readers. One more royal soul has joined the triumphant band. The name of Frances E. Willard rests like a blessed benediction over the lives of those who are struggling to burst the fetters of that demoniac power,the liquor traffic. As President of the International Temperance Union she won immortal laurels. May the mantle of her zeal and consecration rest upon those who are left to continue the battle she so nobly led! March has commenct its record with a quiet demeanor that is not generally ascribed to its character. Hope it may continue, as we are ready to welcome the beautiful spring with its birds and flowers. Hot-beds are being prepared and the sowing of seed and its care will be the business to occupy the mind of your correspondent and his co-laborers. Hamilton DeGraw. Enfield, N. H. March, 1898. Fob all to whose home the hearse of transition called and bore from its shelter a loved one, we send a wreath of loving remembrance and fellow-sympathy. When we heard of the higher call of Frances Willard, we grieved, for we could not say it was well, as she had not reacht the halting place of inability to benefit humanity. Is not her life one of the best testimonials in favor of the Christ work of human elevation and the Christ-like spirit of purity and intelligence that graces our Nation's history of illustrious Christians? She is of those who knew that they must pursue the way in which they would lead others, and school themselves would they teach others how to devastate the wilderness of sin and gloom, and transform it into fruitful fields of active goodness and virtue. As nature contains no useless forces, communities to be garlanded with the vine of success, can not. So we catch the echoes from nature's vast domain,'Toil thou for the future; Tho hidden may be the structure you build by devotion and care, but if founded in virtue its worth will appear.' As we turn the telescope of mental sight upon the earth's surface, we see and hear '60 THE MANIFESTO. of 'wars and rumors of wars,' which remind us of our duty to do what we can to quell the storms of evil about us. As we poise it higher, we see the glorious sun and dome of white and blue, which teach us that the elements of heaven are lifegiving ; and as we put on a spiritual lens we perceive a glorified host of the redeemed, who sing,'Blessed are the peacemakers for they shall be called the children of God.' Having lost the work of putting together the Corn Planters, an industry for many years carried on in this place, yet we lose not all profit, as through the successful manipulation of the trade machine operated by Brother John Cummings, we will supply the new company with the necessary lumber for their annual need. It is a general verdict that this winter has been the worst experienced for ten years. The severity of the weather has not resulted in sickness among us, yet we rejoice that soon a carpet of green will have replact the present one of white, and hoes and pruning knives will take the place of shovels and plumbing tools. George H. Baxter. Narcoossee, Fla. March, 1898. Among the things which are of special value to the Southern states may be mentioned the Japan persimmon, of which we have several trees that will come into bearing this year. When ripe the fruit is of a scarlet red color and extremely luscious. It can be depended on as an every year crop, fully equal in bearing to any of our Northern apple trees. In the way of diversity we think the fig comes next in value. This is a little more sensitive to the change of weather when young, but when fully matured it will stand the temperature below freezing. We have quite a number growing on our place. With these we can number six grape fruit, twelve orange, six pear, six apricot, with three hundred peach trees. This with two thousand pine-apple plants sums up the number of fruit-growing trees on our place. Sweet potatoes all through the South have become the poor man's as well as the rich man's luxury, while Irish potatoes are as yet somewhat of a rarity and but very little grown on account of the small yield to the acre. We have on our place ninety-two head of cattle both old and young stock of our own. One hundred and ninety-six head of our neighbors, which we take to pasture. For over a week past we have enjoyed the presence of the Lebanon Ministry accompanied by Sister Emma J. Neal; also Brother Francis Pennybaker, of Pleasant Hill, Ky. They have been like angel visits to us. Tho far away our friends still remember us, and we them. Andrew Barrett. East Canterbury N. H. March, 1898. Season follows season, and we have only blessings to record. Home in heaven, and heaven in the home makes burdens light and yokes easy. Even in the illness of our beloved Editor, the 'silver lining' turns our way, and we are permitted at this date to bridge the chasm lightly and send kind greetings across in behalf of all the readers of The Manifesto from whom we have many anxious words in this connection. The buzz of the saw is making music near by and busy hands and feet are moving in quest of the necessaries of life, which we find indeed a standing necessity. Winter term of school will come to a close on the 17th inst. and while the children chatter about it, the birds chime in from their nature studies in the tree-tops. Beloved Elder Freeman White, of our North family valiantly made way through the drifts some days ago with brothers' help to the Sugar Camp, and is already collecting the sweets of his labor. How like the noble old monarchs of the forest seem such THE MANIFESTO. loyal ones in Zion, always yielding profit and sweetness! May God's blessing be upon us and upon 'the whole, whole world!' Jessie Evans.