Books and Papers. The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health All will be interested to read The Phrenological Journal and Science of Health for March. Several character sketches ranging from the devotional mind and benevolent bearing of Rev. Geo. Hanson to the suggestive phrenotypes of some of our unfortunate criminal brotherslead the minds of intelligent readers into channels of profitable thought. The bicyclist is informed 'that as long as he can breathe freely with the mouth closed, he is safe, at least so far as heart strain is concerned.' Read all about the children, concerning whom much excellent advice is given. in fact, there is something for every age and class in this well freighted magazine. Fowler &amp; Wells Co. 27 East 21st St. New York. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy always has something educational for the public. The Feb. No. is by no means an exception. The Science of Life, by Dr. Gifford; directs attention to rheumatism, so widely prevalent these days. The Influence of Food upon Character,by T. R. Allison, shouldbe read by vegetarians and particularly by all others. Parents and instructors of the young will find pertinent suggestions in the excellent article by E. C. Smith entitled Shall our Children become Drunkards? Only 10 cts. a copy. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo, Ind. The Ladies' Home Journal The wide range of the circulations of American magazines and the manner in which they penetrate the farthest points of the earth found new evidence last week, when a single list of five hundred subscriptions to The Ladies' Home Journal was received by that magazine from Bulgaria, the list being headed by the name of Her Royal Highness, the Princess Maria Louise. George Kennan, the Siberian traveler, said that he found this magazine in homes in the steppes of Siberia, while Peary met with it in Greenland. It is an interesting fact that The Ladies' Home Journal has subscriptions in fifty-nine of the sixty-five generally accepted civilized nations of the earth. During the single month of December last, for instance, it received subscriptions from Syria, Japan, Uruguay, Turkey, Congo Free State, Transvaal, Liberia, Natal, Sierra Leone, Zululand, Bavaria, Bahamas, Burmah, Brazil, Bohemia, Canary Islands, Honduras, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, San Salvador, Chili, China, Egypt, Cuba, Fiji Islands, Germany, Hawaii, Madras Presidency, Hungary, Korea, Java, Straits Settlements, Malaysia, Siam, Samoa, Palestine, Peru, Portugal, Tasmania, and the Danish West Indies. The American Boys' League is a new organization, combining the good features of the Chautauqua Circles with those of the Young People's Societies, besides a philanthropic department intended to aid neglected, homeless and wandering boys. Its work, except in the philanthropic department, is confined to boys between the ages of 12 and 21 years. These may become members by signing the following pledge: BOYS' LEAGUE PLEDGE. Believing that the use of tobacco and intoxicating drinks and indulgence in profanity, gambling in any form, and licentiousness (including all impure acts, thoughts and language) are all hinderances to my success in life, as well as sins against my Creator, I do of my own free-will, declare that i will constantly try to keep entirely free from all these habits. And, further, it shall be my constant effort to secure a better education, to save a part of my earnings, to keep entirely free from debt, to preserve my health and strength to be always manly and honorable, to maintain our countiy's honor and integrity, to uplift the lowly and to teach others these principles. And fully believing that whatever my surroundings may be. I may still, by my own efforts, improve my condition, I take for my constant and life-long inspiration the motto, 'Self-Help.' The School is heartily endorsed by the Ministerial Alliance of Denver. Ralph Field, its founder and present Superintendent, is the General Superintendent of the League. The official organ for this great work is a handsomely printed weekly, called Brightside, publisht at Denver. It is bright, crisp and handsomely illustrated with half-tone engravings of pupils of the School, and is issued for $1.00 a year.