NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. March. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1897. 33. 2 in. 25 in. 1898. 40.5 1% ' 2 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 62 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 14 below' Number of rainy days ' ' 5 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 4 ' clear ' ' ' 13 ' cloudy' ' ' 9 March, 1898. Taking the month of March in review, it gives us, as a whole, many kindly feelings for the usual characteristics of the old storm month. In reflecting on the mild atmosphere it has assumed the present year it casts a rhythmical halo around our mental vision, thus; March again has past away; March has blest us many a day, March has cleared the fiells of snow, March has made the rivers flow. March has drawn the frost from earth, March gives spring a renewed birth, March has filled the month with cheer, March has graced the present year. March of eighteen ninety-eight! March! We pft shall quote this date; Marches are but seldom found, March the centuries up and down, March will seldom grace a year With such welcome pleasant cheer. Home life and incidents move in such a usual round; there is but little occurring of historical importance that would interest readers of The Manifesto. Our boys conceived the idea to revive, for a novelty, an ancient industry. They went to the old sap bush and drew from the sturdy maples the saccharine juice which the Sisters reduced to syrup, and spread on pancakes. This gave them a dainty morsel for the stomach. The month of March favored us to get our wood sawed and sheltered. It gives exquisite pleasure to learn that the Editor of The Manifesto lias folded his angel wings and concluded to tarry yet a while with we earth-bound pilgrims. Hope for many years to come he will keep a sharp keen eye on old Father Time and avoid the dire edge oi his sharp scythe. We have a longing desire to have him again in our midst, that we may view his silvered locks and the earthly tabernacle in which his sainted spirit dwells. Come and dwell with us once more, and as soon as possible. Many desire to see you. 1 find it noble to correct errors of importance, no matter how they may occur. In my last Home Note I made a statement intimating that the Union Village Community had purchast forty-six square miles of land in Georgia. I made the estimate on thirty thousand acres which I was told they had bought. Now it is said it is eight thousand acres, which brings it to twelve and one half square miles. This they took in exchange for a vineyard at Cleveland, Ohio. THE MANIFESTO. 7o 'Lay not up for yourselves treasures up- I on earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal.' Calvin G. Reed, North Family. March, 1898. Spuing and winter interblend like lights and, shades of an evening sky. The cool breezes after the warm days, have chilled the little birds and their early song has ceased to vibrate upon the morning air. We hope soon again to hear Nature's music blend in universal harmony. The maple trees in front of our house, which a few days ago were called bean poles, have been tapt for the first time; the boys, quite interested to see the sap evaporated into syrup, were kept busy between school hours in gathering the sap and bringing fuel. Eldress Anna White has planted some tomatoes and red and whit strawberry seeds, Tomatoes are coming up nicely. A friend from Windsor, N. Y.,C. M. Comstock,with Brethrens' help is making carpet whips: completed over five hundred in one day. Have also made a few rug whips. 'Life is only another word for activity.' With spring comes the activity of the season ; all life bursts forth to show growth in plant and shrub. Sisters who try to keep pace with the elements are improving the dwelling within by clearing away the accumulation of dust that has gathered through the winter months, while Brethren plant and clear up the outward premises; thus we are striving to make our home beautiful within and without, a dwelling place for all who are seeking the higher life. Sarah J. Burger.