Narcoossee, Fla. April, 1898. On our first coming to Florida, the old Settlers or Crackers as they are called, had a very meager system of farming, especially in preparing the land for crops. It was the old Egyptian method of shallow or surface plowing. It was claimed that from two to three inches deep was sufficient for any crop; and so it was for the crops that were raised; from ten to fifteen bushels of corn to the acre was the average through the state and a poor quality at that. Other crops were at the same ratio. But since the northern element has so flooded Florida within the THE MANIFESTO. last three years it has given a new system to agriculture as well as everything else. They have come into the state bringing their own ideas of farming and one among the most essential is deep plowing, holding to their same old belief that plowing year after year to a depth of a few inches leaves a hardpan which is rendered harder than it was in a state of nature by the tramping of the team and pressure of the plow, and the roots of plants can not penetrate this hardpan and the deep waters of the earth can not rise up through. Hence eventually comes exhaustion of soil through this skimming process, and the lack of water which is the universal solvent, and the feeding medium for plants. The argument in a nutshell is that deep plowing renders the under strata of soil like a sponge capable of holding water and permitting it to ascend to the roots when needed whereas hardpan sheds the watetf and retains no reserve in time of need. So to-day we hear and read of the farmer raising from twenty-five to forty bushels of good corn to the acre, and the drouths are not half so troublesome. Now what has made this change but good common sense farming ideas? Florida has greater advantages than any state north of Mason and Dixon's line as to raising farm and garden crops, and when it gets filled enough with the right material to crush out old staid ideas and systems inaugurated by slavery it will be one of the gardens of the world. We have planted about one and a half acres of corn. Part of it sweet for home consumption and part for cattle feeding. This we have given the best of northern treatment as to plowing and fertilizing; the result we will know later on. We have over an acre of velvet beans which it is said will give more green fertilizer to the land than any other crop, also an acre of rice and two acres of sweet potatoes, with an intersperse of garden vegetables sufficient, I hope, to make the little family comfortable. We have three additional members to the household,good, bright, intelligent people, so the good work has commenced in Florida. Andrew Barrett.