Enfield, N. H. April, 1898. The large number of magazines and papers we take, combined with the cheapness of good literature, afford us ample means for useful knowledge, and no one 76 THE MANIFESTO. can justifiably remain ignorant in regard to the events of the day, or tarry behind the van of religious, scientific, or humanitarian progression. Literature,the best of all compauy. Telling eucli one to act nobly life's part, Having the law of full truth in the heart; Wisdom that teaches to give unto all, The brave, the timid anil thoae who may fall The staff of knowledge, the true light of life, Sweet fulcrum of rest to all in the strife, For self-culture unquestionable worth, Aiding the soul to arise from the earth, To beware of the false, shun the impure, Cleave to the good which will ever endure Next comes pleasant, profitable entertainments, of which our Society enjoyed one on the 17th of March, two hours in length. Thirty-two members took part. Among our invited friends was Mrs. Fred. Fogg, of Enfield, one of New Hampshire's celebrated pianists, who favored us with an excellent piano solo. Already the foliage is stirring to new life. Through the season, storms wrill destroy and the sun and rain will strengthen and heal. What of us as a people possessing qualities capable to build or wreck? Surely as we exercise our best faculties, we will gather in all beneficial inspirations from whatever source originating, thus working with the good forces of life. Should we see a broken reed, a life not encircled with a band of moral growth, or one faltering before engrossing temptations, then it is the duty of the physicians who have healed themselves of the plague spots of evil, to strengthen- the drooping soul in His name, who said,'Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these, ye have done it unto me.' The only safety for ourselves, is to turn our backs resolutely against every demoralizing pleasure and appetite. 'The good need feel no law, It is his safety and the bad man's awe.' George H. Baxter.