Extracts From a Testimony Delivered by Isabella Russell, in Religious Service at Enfieid, N. H. AS I have never had occasion to regret my early choice to live tlie true Christian life, I do not hesitate to advocate the truths which have made my soul free from the bondage of sin. If I did, I should justly merit the appellation of a moral coward; if I did, I could not hope to meet justifiably, the loyal Pioneers and faithful companions, who have past beyond mortal vision in whose presence I have so often pledged myself to be loyal to the principles of this Church. These sacred vows of consecration loom up before me at this hour with added responsibility, reminding me that 'One more testimony to the many given; one more proof that I am still bound for heaven' is in order, and may be a ray of light to brighten the pathway of some toiling fellow-traveler. I recall those earlier days of my experience, when our seasons for worship were largely devoted to the 'breaking away' from forms and ceremonies which only tend to check the circulation of the genuine freedom which the gospel gives, and substitute in its stead, a lifeless condition; or an opposition, which would seal the life, and silence the voice which would presume to proclaim that testimony which is like a consuming fire to every worldly lust and selfish ambition. The question arises, Where should the testimony of 68 THE MANIFESTO. truth abound, and whose lips should utter it, if not those who professedly are living the virgin life, as preacht by the founders of this Church? I fear sometimes we do not make a proper distinction between the real principles of Shakerism, and the peculiar characteristics of individuals hence the remark, that 'If such an individual having been in the Shaker Church a long term of years, is a specimen of the teachings of the Shaker doctrine, then I prefer to spend my life elsewhere.' But is this an intelligent conclusion, when we reflect that it is not the name, the profession, or the position of individuals of this Society, or any other that constitutes the true Christian character. It is far better for us to face these facts in the light of common sense and leason, and govern our life accordingly, than to excuse ourselves from doing right, because some other one is doing wrong. Individual errors, mistakes and persistency in individual peculiarities is not what Shakerism has done, but what it has failed to do in the moulding of life and character of the individual, and the idea of putting any other construction upon it is belittling and degrading to every progressive mind. I am aware that I voice the true sentiment of every loyal member of our Church, when I affirm that we can not evade our responsibility of keeping alive the testimony of truth and purity under the false impression, that there are those appointed to care for the spiritual interest and welfare of the young and inexperienced members of our Church, and we have nothing to do but stand idly by ; or work in the vineyard where we are appointed; we shall have them for our associates in future years and they will be the representatives of .our Order, with all their crudeness and ignorance, undisciplined in those essential qualities which mark the character of the genuine Christian man or woman, and if they leave our Society, upon us falls the disgrace of sending such material into the world as the result of the training and education of our Church. Again I say this responsibility can not rest upon two or three individuals, but upon every member who has placed his name to the Church Covenant, and is devoting his time and talents for the interests of our home, which has long been known as a place consecrated to God, and designed to be a refuge and protection from the snares and temptations of a worldly life. I am deeply interested in its growth, its honor, and its prosperity. When I become lost to its interests, I am lost unto the mission appointed me and to the salvation of my soul. Enfield, N. H.