ALL FAITHS REPRESENTED. Those pious people who, in the awful visitation under which India is groaning, see the hand of divine Providence seeking to call the attention of the world to the fact that men are mortal and should think of deeper things than those which absorb most of their attention will find great satisfaction in the fact that from the heart of the country where the bubonic plague is raging there has gone forth a call for a great Congress of Religions, in which every nation of the earth shall be repre72 THE THE MANIFESTO. 73 sented. This is to meet at Delhi in 1898, and discuss the question of the true way of salvation according to the teachings of wise men of every race. The call emanates from a Hindee of illustrious descent, bearing the title of Maulana Syed Nusrat Ali Saheb, son of Imam-i-Manazira Sayad Nasir-ud-din Mohommed Abul Mansur. Nusrat Ali is the editor and proprietor of the Moslem Chronicle, (The Nusrat) a Delhi paper that is printed in both native and foreign languages and has a wide circulation in India. The call for the great Religious Congress has been printed in various languages and scattered broadcast over the face of the earth. It has gone to the innermost recesses of China in those mysterious characters that only the Chinese understand, and disciples of Confucius are invited by it to come and explain on what ground they base their belief that the way to heaven is through the worship of the gods of the Celestial empire. In Persian characters the theologians of the land of the Shah are called to come and speak for their prophet, and the Sultan's most learned expositors have been invited, in Turkish, to do likewise. The Egyptians have been summoned from the shadow of the pyramids to defend their beliefs against the attacks of the pious people of England and elsewhere who preach that salvation can only be found by way of the cross, and that Mohammed is a false prophet. In the purest Hebrew, the Jews have been invited to present the claims of a religion that denies the divinity of Chiist, admonishing them to come and tell the anxious seekers from every clime the one true path to heaven according to their creed. Nor have the distant heathen been forgotten. The Islanders of the southern seas who bow down to wood and stone, will receive messages in their native language setting forth the object of the Congress, and telling them that even the worshiper of idols will be welcomed to the great gathering and his views listened to with respect. Hawaiians, both Christian and Heathen, will be there; Salvationists, filled with the deepest religious enthusiasm, will rub elbows with the medicine man from Africa who carries his god beneath his robe' and believes he can influence the very elements by its aid. Imams from the mosque will compare notes with Methodists from missionary stations in the jungle. Enthusiasts from Hindoo temples will reveal the mysteries of their teachings to the sympathetic Theosophist. All will be upon one common level, and the Congress will be inspired by one thought,a fervent seeking after the knowledge that will aid men to find their way to the gates of heaven. No pei-sonal criticism will be allowed. Everything is to be done with a view to separating from religion the hopelessly entangled part which consists only of dark tradition or observances beyond human solution and carrying to the outside world1 the more fundamental doctrine that will be the marrow of all sensible religious teachings. It will surely be a great gathering and will do much toward harmonizing the discords of the religious world and bringing all races to recognize one common creed based on spiritual facts, with all fictions eliminated. The Dallas Morning News.