West Pittsfield, Mass. April, 1898. It is the joyous Easter day, and we thought to enjoy a few of its moments in a pleasant chat with the friends of the Home Corner. When this shall appear to our friends the time for extending Easter greetings will have past, and yet we can not refrain from extending the wish, that a joyous, happy Easter be found in each home. Can we not create a daily Easter, a constant resurrection, an ascension from the earthly, to the heavenly, or rather, by the temporal reaching the spiritual, for the poet truly said, 'If you want to grow higher dig deeper. As I look from my window every thing in nature greets me with its varied form of life. The buds on the trees are swelling, while their light tinted stems denote the awakening of life within. The grasses are changing their dead brown for bright, living green, and somewhere, I know, are nestling sweet blossoms of the Trailing Arbutus, for representatives of their family are at present on the table, before me, exhaling their sweet perfume. Sweet emblems are they of love and faith perfected, for under the cold snows and storms of winter, not long since rested these bright little blossoms. Can we not read the message they bring? Under the darkest trial often the sweetest blessing is growing. It is the repetition of an old story to note the return of the birds; yet it is new every year. Their beauty and cheer always receive a fresh welcome. Indeed, it seems that never before were the robins so plump, bright and happy. The swallows hold confidential conversations underneath the eaves, and the sparrows twitter merrily among the grasses. But 77 78 HIE MANIFESTO. the shy blue-birds,so choice of their beauty, seem to have dropt to us from the sky above, with pieces of the blue ether upon their backs, and fragments of the white clouds tipping their wings. There is life, there is hope, there is glory in the afterward. The present is but the corridor, leading to the palace. Our voluntary choice is to follow the life of Christ, tho it bring us to the cross, the deepest testings of faith, the most bitter suffering. After the cross cometh the crown, after the testing, strength and purity, and only by crucifying self-life do we obtain the Christ life, becoming 'heirs of God and joint heirs with Christ.' Spring work with us is commencing its general routine, foremost in the list of which are ploughing and house-cleaning. This week the building of the new barn is to commence. We were very much pleased to read of the recovery of our beloved Editor; may the days be long and many, yea we would wish that they extend indefinitely, before illness again visits him. To him and his helpers in the printing department; to the whole Family; indeed to every family, from the north of Maine to the south of Florida, we extend the true Christian love of those in the Berkshire Hills. Fidelia Estabrook.