LIFE A SONG. By Fidella Estabrook. T IFE has well been compared to a song,God the composer, we the per1 J formers, given the power of producing beautiful, inspiring music or passive, lifeless sounds. THE MANIFESTO. 69 God places in our hands the book containing the song of life. In it we find the long sad notes of sorrow, the shrill notes of trial and anguish, the bitter strains of disappointment, perhaps; but there also are the light bright notes of joy, the soft sweet cadences of love, the firm measures of courage and truth as they mark the time of our march. All the parts which united will form a perfect harmony are placed before us. How careful we should be in the reading; how watchful in the performing, striving to place upon it our best efforts thrill it with life, enthuse it with a power beyond the mere harmony of tone! A beautiful piece may be so rendered as to become even disagreeable to the ear, its tones inharmonious, entirely devoid of music. But place the same piece before one who is capable of bringing out its best tones, of softening its sweet measures, of thrilling its joyful ones, of throwing power into its grand strains, of gliding from its changes with ease and grace, and the music is transformed. What before was discordant sound, now becomes a living breath filling our whole being with its power, carrying our thoughts from the present with its care, to the future, where it is changed to glory. So our lives by true living may become living powers of good. The sorrows if rightly borne will make the sweetest strains ; the trials and disappointmentsthe chords of strength, like the minor keys change to most sacred blessings; th? thwarted hopes and ambitious are tuned to notes of praise and thanksgiving, while the passages of joy, peace and love resound with rapture at the mercy and power of our Heavenly Father. Often we omit the notes of praise, or hardly touch the chords of thanksgiving, while if we but accentuated them, often voluntarily adding trills of love, and 'grace notes' of joy, our music would be richer and sweeter. We each have our especial part given us to perform. If we fail to render each measure correctly the mistake will be readily detected. God requires of each the best music, the whole of our being the entire surrender of self that it may be used for the maintenance and glory of the right. Our lives must be so attuned that each action and thought may become a part of this living song. Let us take this life as given us, with its modulations, its opportunities of awakening high aspirations, its power of drawing down heavenly inspiration; take its portions of joy or pain, its sorrows and care, from the hand of a wise Father and Teacher; take it and cause it to be a power for good, a song of 'glory to God.' But how, we ask, can this be done? How can we produce the perfect music. It is only by daily practice; by close study of the outline, by faithful following of rules and measures that perfect rendering can be attained ; it is only by daily acts and thoughts rightly centered, the eager search for the knowledge of the truth and closely following of it that the life may be brought into harmony with the Author and Finisher of our faith. As a student vainly trying to imitate the master asks,'Why does not the music 70 TEE MANIFESTO. possess the power which it does under your touch? I play ever}7 note correctly, I have tilled each measure with perfect time and yet the p.rfect music is not there, the rich, living notes will not sound to my touch.' 'You must yourself feel the music if you would interpret the soul of the Composer,' is the reply. Air! that is it. We can not give to our lives the full power, the richest, grandest music, unless the spirit of Christ dwells in us, unless we feel the life, the truth pulsating our whole beiag, entering our life, encircling, ennobling and uplifting every desire. Let us by drawing constantly from the everlasting Strength ; by honest, earnest endeavor fill each measure of life to completeness, making it a rich, grand harmony. Then shall we be prepared to join the chorus of angels, the 11 'hundred four and forty thousand' of the redeemed, singing of the love, inercy and goodness, that have crowned our days. We shall then see that all these long years of practice were needed to train our voices and fit our hearts for our Master's use. West Pittsfield, Mass.