Sanitary. Hawthorne evidently believed... Hawthorne evidently believed that what a man ate, had more or less influence upon his character. In his experience at his new home he tells how he lived in 'Blithdale' by the side of old Silaswho rinsed his fingers and his face in a little tin pan of water and then teased his hair with a wooden pocket comb. Hawthorne was fearful of a personal change that would not be congenial.'a'The physical man,' said he, 'will be transmuted into salt beef and fried pork at the rate of half a pound or more a day, and your pastime will be to smoke some very vile tobacco in the stump of an old, black pipe.' There is a wonderful sympathy... There is a wonderful sympathy between the stomach and all other parts of the body, but that between the stomach and the brain is so active and perfect that the most skilled physician is often greatly puzzled in trying to decide when one is ill whether the brain or stomach is really to blame. Nothing is more common than to meet a long-standing case of dyspepsia in which the prominent and almcst the only symptom is a dull and fretting headache. Persons have suffered for many years from what they believed to be a grave organic disease of the stomach, and were themselves fully convinced that cancer at least, was the cause of their suffering, but it turned out upon a post-mortem examination that a healthier stomach than the average was found, but there were evidences of long-standing and serious disease of the brain,in fact, sick headache is the result of eating too much and exercising too little. In the majority of cases its cause lies in the fact that the food last taken is so rich in Quality or so excessive in quantity that the stomach can not digest it. A simple diet of grains and ripe fruit, with sufficient exercise in the open air to keep up a gentle perspiration would speedily effect a cure. With some persons this headache comes on at regular intervals and is the stomach's signal of distress at having been imposed upon. To take two teaspoonfuls of powdered charcoal in a glass half full of water will sometimes give relief; or a teaspoonful of lemon juice fifteen minutes before each meal, and the same at bedtime. New York Ledger.