CENTER OF BEING. By Oliver C. Hampton. THERE is a center of Being, a divine solitude, a sublime refuge in each of us, our Savior called the Kingdom of Heaven within us. If we will accustom ourselves to retire, at certain periods to a solitary place, and conrcentate our entire thought upon this point, we shall be able to reach this inmost center of our being, and enjoy great peace therein. This Center, is pure SPIRIT. It is an emanation direct from the Father and Mother of us all. It is what the Quakers call the Christ within. It is that Word which in the beginning was with God and was God. In this Kingdom, a heavenly communion of those Beatitudes named by our Savior in his sercnon on the Mount, rest in perfection. They are not vitiated by any taint of sensualism or rudirnental imperfection. They shine in the glory and beauty of Christ himself. No jealousy, no hatred nor unforgiveness, no anger nor impatience ever intrude in that retreat of Peace and rest. Here Conscience quietly rules and directs everything. No rebellion against the .Lord's visible Order and government, here on the Earth in his true Church can ever arise to disturb her peace and quiet. All is righteousness and joy in the holy spirit. The more frequently we visit, and the longer we remain in this holy Center of our being the more obedient and satisfied we become. No joy is equal to that of this divine Inmost. We have all experienced it at times and therefore know it. We have past through many scenes of tribulation, disappointment and sorrow in search of this place of rest. THE MANIFESTO. 71 'We have met many scenes of trial and self-abnegation, and at times, conditions which seemed almost to savor of injustice on the part of the Divine Disposer of events; but have been able by the goodness of God to reconcile all vicissitudes, with the Divine Wisdom, and to fully justify the ways of God to man. We have more than once experienced the unutterable abandonment to despair, which seemingly caused our blessed Savior to utter the exclamation, 'Eloi Eloi lama Sabacthani.' But now we see that even these devious ways were necessary to our soul growth. This rudimental life has none too much felicity in it at best and it is good and wise to select all that shall contribute to a permanent good and reject all that will not. Whether we suffer or rejoice it is good to have faith in the overruling hand of a Divine Providence which will surely conduct all his plans to a happy culmination. When this faith is once thoroughly fixt we shall find it much easier to meet and become reconciled with every mutation of life, and especially to patiently endure in the hour of adversity. Under the afflatus of this subduing faith, many things will appear to be good which otherwise would be set down to the account of evil. In this holy faith and accompanying discipline one finally learns that 'God's Providence is over all this boundless Universe And even the wormwood and the gall, the blighting and the curse Are but the blessing in disguise, the turning of his hand, From which salvation will arise at His Divine command.' Union Village, Ohio.