Books and Papers. Journal of Hygeio-Therapy Dr. Gifford gives sonic interesting suggestions, facts and theories to the public in the March number of the Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. 'Truth is stranger than fiction,' they say and L. H. Fiehu, i'resident of the Anti-Vaccination Society of America speaks freely and with the strength of conviction, upon his official work. The Salt-Eating Habit, is a very interesting article. The serial, The Science of Life, bj the Editor, affords practical truth.worthy of speedy adoption. The en tire paper is good. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co., Kokomo, Ind. The PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL AND SCIENCE of Health Rich in good things is the April issue of The PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL AND SCIENCE of Health. The Newman Brothers, is an ex. ceedingly interesting sketch: All who have natural teeth will be eager to learn how character is read from them, hence will read Dentology, or Character Reading from the Teeth, as presented by R. D. Stocher. The momentous condition of international affairs gives additional welcome to the leading article by J. A. Fowler upon Consul-General Fitz Hugh Lee. Sing Sing State Prison has need to be proud of its humanitarian warden, O. V. Sage and he in turn may well be proud of the grand work progressing under his hand and heart for the elevation of the unfortunate inmates of the institution. Bead the magazine, it is well worth a little expenditure of time and money. Fowler &amp; Wells Co., 2? East 21st St. New York, N. Y. The Out Look The April Magazine Number of The Out Look has a special decorative Easter cover designed by Miss Grace Norton. It contains several illustrated features of particular interest and of special timeliness. In 'The Na. val Detensesof the Nation,' by Elbert F. Bald, win, a survey is made of the present condition of the U. S. Navy, of the additions which are now being made to it, and its effective force. Many pictures accompany the article, including several photographs of ships and naval scenes, by Mr. G. E. Stonebridge and two spirited naval scenes by the famous marine artist Mr. Zogbaum. 'Getting About New York,' by Ernest lugersoll, is the .second in a group of articles through which The Outlook is describing, in a popular way, some of the activities of the newly consolidated city of New York. It was preceded by an article in the March Magazine Number on 'The American Fireman,' by Ex-Commissioner Sheffield, and will be followed by articles on 'The Park System,' by ex-Superintendent Parsons, on -'The Police Department.' by Jacob A. Riis, and on 'The Post-Office and the People,' by Mr. A. E. Palmer. A very striking double-page drawing of a typical scene at a ferrywith hurrying crowds, bicyclists, elevated road, etc., has been drawn by Mr Dan Beard for this article. It has also several other pictures from photographs, showing in a picturesque way the various.modern methods of New York travel. The installment forthe month of Dr. Heale's articles on 'James Russell Lowell and Hi.s Friends' is even more readable than its predecessors. It takes up Lowell's early life as a man of letters, his associations and first achievements, and is throughout full of anecdote and pleasant reminiscence. The illustration includes a remarkable portrait of Hawthorne from an early crayon drawing by Eastman Johnson, and many other portraits, facsimiles, scenes, etc. The Easter season is recognized in the April Magazine Number by an article on 'Easters and Easters,' by the Countess von Kroekow; by a strong and entertaining story written by Sophie Swett, and by the usual editorial Easter talk; while the religious feeling of the season may also be said to have relation to a full-page reproduction of a very beautiful 'Mother and Child' picture, by a Venetian artist, Roberto Ferruzzi. In addition to articles already named there are in this number; A paper by Miss Anna N. Benjamin on 'The lunuit of Alaska,' with special relation to the introduction of . reindeer into Alaska, and educational progress there, illustrated in part by curious drawings of native scenes made by the native children in the mission school; an illustrated article by the well-known artistic photographer Mr. Clifton Johnson, on 'Child Life in Great Britain;' a pleasant travel article by Mr. Poultney Bigelow; another installment of Dr. Lyman Abbott's 'Life and Letters of Paul;' besides the usual departments reviews, history of the week, and other editorial departments. ($3 a year. The Outlook Co., 287 Fourth Avenue, New York.)