NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. March. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1897. 33. 2 in. 25 in. 1898. 40.5 1% ' 2 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 62 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 14 below' Number of rainy days ' ' 5 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 4 ' clear ' ' ' 13 ' cloudy' ' ' 9 March, 1898. Taking the month of March in review, it gives us, as a whole, many kindly feelings for the usual characteristics of the old storm month. In reflecting on the mild atmosphere it has assumed the present year it casts a rhythmical halo around our mental vision, thus; March again has past away; March has blest us many a day, March has cleared the fiells of snow, March has made the rivers flow. March has drawn the frost from earth, March gives spring a renewed birth, March has filled the month with cheer, March has graced the present year. March of eighteen ninety-eight! March! We pft shall quote this date; Marches are but seldom found, March the centuries up and down, March will seldom grace a year With such welcome pleasant cheer. Home life and incidents move in such a usual round; there is but little occurring of historical importance that would interest readers of The Manifesto. Our boys conceived the idea to revive, for a novelty, an ancient industry. They went to the old sap bush and drew from the sturdy maples the saccharine juice which the Sisters reduced to syrup, and spread on pancakes. This gave them a dainty morsel for the stomach. The month of March favored us to get our wood sawed and sheltered. It gives exquisite pleasure to learn that the Editor of The Manifesto lias folded his angel wings and concluded to tarry yet a while with we earth-bound pilgrims. Hope for many years to come he will keep a sharp keen eye on old Father Time and avoid the dire edge oi his sharp scythe. We have a longing desire to have him again in our midst, that we may view his silvered locks and the earthly tabernacle in which his sainted spirit dwells. Come and dwell with us once more, and as soon as possible. Many desire to see you. 1 find it noble to correct errors of importance, no matter how they may occur. In my last Home Note I made a statement intimating that the Union Village Community had purchast forty-six square miles of land in Georgia. I made the estimate on thirty thousand acres which I was told they had bought. Now it is said it is eight thousand acres, which brings it to twelve and one half square miles. This they took in exchange for a vineyard at Cleveland, Ohio. THE MANIFESTO. 7o 'Lay not up for yourselves treasures up- I on earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal.' Calvin G. Reed, North Family. March, 1898. Spuing and winter interblend like lights and, shades of an evening sky. The cool breezes after the warm days, have chilled the little birds and their early song has ceased to vibrate upon the morning air. We hope soon again to hear Nature's music blend in universal harmony. The maple trees in front of our house, which a few days ago were called bean poles, have been tapt for the first time; the boys, quite interested to see the sap evaporated into syrup, were kept busy between school hours in gathering the sap and bringing fuel. Eldress Anna White has planted some tomatoes and red and whit strawberry seeds, Tomatoes are coming up nicely. A friend from Windsor, N. Y.,C. M. Comstock,with Brethrens' help is making carpet whips: completed over five hundred in one day. Have also made a few rug whips. 'Life is only another word for activity.' With spring comes the activity of the season ; all life bursts forth to show growth in plant and shrub. Sisters who try to keep pace with the elements are improving the dwelling within by clearing away the accumulation of dust that has gathered through the winter months, while Brethren plant and clear up the outward premises; thus we are striving to make our home beautiful within and without, a dwelling place for all who are seeking the higher life. Sarah J. Burger. Shakers, N. Y. April, 1898. The leading article in the April Manifesto has our unqualified indorsement. The latter half of the essay where it directly deals with conditions in our communal homes is strong but wholesome diet. It can not but do good if accepted in a right spirit and should be read and reread and well digested that the full benefit may be realized. Hope there will be more presented, dealing with the same subject, and in conjunction with it we are reminded of the remarks made by one who was considered a leader among the legal fraternity of the West; he said ,'The danger with you is internal; keep your covenant and no external power can break it.' While our earnest prayer is that the arbit rament of war may not be resorted to in the settlement of the misunderstandings that have arisen among the nations, yet if they as well as individual entities must reap what they have sown, how can that nation which has had its soil soakt in the blood of martyrs, and has caused in this enlightened (?) age the last decade of the nineteenth century over three hundred thousand suffering colonists to perish by starvation, whose only crime is struggling for the rights of man, evade the hand of the avenging angel when directed by the law of stern justice? As Believers in the divine law of peace and good-will toward all we can hope that the right may prevail, but also must recognize the fact that there are conditions existing in human society that at present will not be settled right because of the selfishness of man which is a barrier to the operation of the law of love. The result of these mighty conflicts the coming of which is inevitable will be the cleansing of life's temple and preparing it for entertaining a higher order of life than is now admissible. We will gather into the Lord's pavilion till the storm passes by. Hamilton DeGraw. Enfield, N. H. April, 1898. The large number of magazines and papers we take, combined with the cheapness of good literature, afford us ample means for useful knowledge, and no one 76 THE MANIFESTO. can justifiably remain ignorant in regard to the events of the day, or tarry behind the van of religious, scientific, or humanitarian progression. Literature,the best of all compauy. Telling eucli one to act nobly life's part, Having the law of full truth in the heart; Wisdom that teaches to give unto all, The brave, the timid anil thoae who may fall The staff of knowledge, the true light of life, Sweet fulcrum of rest to all in the strife, For self-culture unquestionable worth, Aiding the soul to arise from the earth, To beware of the false, shun the impure, Cleave to the good which will ever endure Next comes pleasant, profitable entertainments, of which our Society enjoyed one on the 17th of March, two hours in length. Thirty-two members took part. Among our invited friends was Mrs. Fred. Fogg, of Enfield, one of New Hampshire's celebrated pianists, who favored us with an excellent piano solo. Already the foliage is stirring to new life. Through the season, storms wrill destroy and the sun and rain will strengthen and heal. What of us as a people possessing qualities capable to build or wreck? Surely as we exercise our best faculties, we will gather in all beneficial inspirations from whatever source originating, thus working with the good forces of life. Should we see a broken reed, a life not encircled with a band of moral growth, or one faltering before engrossing temptations, then it is the duty of the physicians who have healed themselves of the plague spots of evil, to strengthen- the drooping soul in His name, who said,'Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these, ye have done it unto me.' The only safety for ourselves, is to turn our backs resolutely against every demoralizing pleasure and appetite. 'The good need feel no law, It is his safety and the bad man's awe.' George H. Baxter. East Canterbury N. H. April, 1898. Into the arena of our ever busy home life, spring comes with added tasks for hand and heart. The supply of wood, to counteract the effect of next winter's bleak winds, has been sawed into convenient lengths, and awaits storage in well rooft sheds. The fanners have opened their spring campaign, and like the celebrated sower of old, 'went forth to sow' a few days ago. Eighteen rows of green peas are planted and rhubarb stood two inches high on the 8th, but the latter soon shrank away from the frosty air that breathed upon it, and we look for a more permanent attempt byand-by. As the seed is sown, we rind ourselves almost unconsciously humming: 'What shall the harvest be?' A bountiful supply of all things conducive to our material well-being, we trust, for 1897 gave grudgingly, and the effects upon a large family make us anxious that the present year may deal 'with a free and liberal hand' toward the inhabitants of the sterile Granite State. Sisters are in-the midst vi the inevitable 'house-cleaning' seeking to rejuvenate the noble old structures of a century's standing; and as hands keep time to the ever present needs of our dear earthly home, the hearts of the faithful ceaselessly pulsate toward the fullfilment of the prophet's message of old: 'Yea, every pot in Jerusalem and in Judah shall be holiness unto the Lord of hosts.' Jessie Eviins.