TRUE LIFE. By Jessie Evans. 4'T~^HAT was not first which is spiritual, but that which is natural; and JL afterward that which is spiritual,' says the Apostle. We can but marvel at the beauties of the natural world. At this season, particularly, there is much to interest the observant eye and reflective mind. The frigid earth warms under the mild sunshine, the tiny shoots spring up like trumpets to herald the approach of blossom with promise of fruit, the buds swell into bursting life upon the tender branch, the brooks laugh at their happy releasement and 'the time of the singing of birds is come.' How profound is the economy of Mother Earth ! Not one atom too much, not one particle idle, the law of change, ceaseless change, is written uj on her broad surface. Nature is, indeed, a mysterious volume, into whose hidden wealth, according to their own affirmation, our most noted scientists even have but glanced. The celebrated Sir Isaac Newton said of his noble researches and those of his compeers and predecessors, We are but as children upon the seashore, playing with pebbles, while the eternal ocean of God's wonders lies undiscovered and unexplored before us. So the world, doubtless, will go on changing and interchangingaffording countless themes for the philosopher, abstruse problems for the mathematician, charms for the naturalist and geologist, and beauties for all. Our Savior illustrated many of his spiritual teachings by object lessons from nature. 'Consider the lilies how they grow' opened the way for the deeper call to implicit faith in God. The lovely figure of the sowing of seed 66 THE MANIFESTO. was employed to show God's work in the minds of men. One of the deepest spiritual parables on record expanded itself from the simple words : 'I am the Vine, ye are the branches.' The life of nature is response to natural law, the life of the spirit is response to spiritual law. We see no confusion in the mineral or the vegetable world. Rising higher in the scale, animal transcends vegetable ; of the former, however, mankind was 'made a little lower than the angels,' it is said; yet, as we contemplate the conditions which exist in the human family, we can but exclaim with the Psalmist, 'What is man, that thou art mindful of him? and the son of man, that thou visitest him? ' The divine Hand that moulded the lily cup and assigned its modest sphere, gave to manhis last creationmuch in common with the beasts that perish ; but God said, 'Let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion over * * * all the earth.' From time immemorial, the fruits of human life have been upon the earth. Splendid specimens of . physical vigor, of moral excellence, and of intellectual culture have enriched generation after generation; and history will, doubtless, repeat itself. But the physical is not the real, the seen is not the ultimate. Morality has often proved but a veneering when the true is sought. Etiquette may give the hypocrite a placid face and suavity of manner for the moment; but deceit can not always deceive, 'God is not mocked,' reaping follows sowing, and the seed brings forth after its kind. Longfellow beautifully affirms, 'It is the heart and not the brain That to the highest doth attain.' The physical has its limitations ; the soul, like its Author, is 'from everlasting to everlasting.' The physical dies, the spirit may expand from one degree of life to another. The Apostle Paul says of the seekers after earthly pleasure that they are dead while they live. The young man turned away sorrowful when the Christ opened to him the conditions under which he might be born unto the perfect, the true life. He had already nobly fulfilled the obligations pertaining to the earth life, and St. Mark says that 'Jesus beholding him loved him' for his faithfulnessloved him as one well fitted to embrace the 'one thing' lacking, viz. the opportunity to enter the perfect life. But, alas, the richer the prize, the higher the price; and when the whole is not given, God's inexorable justice holds the treasure, and mercy pleads in vain. Is not this why only a minority among so-called Christians are conscious that the true life has dawned to them ? The conditions of spiritual birth are not fulfilled, the narrow way that 'leadeth unto life' is shunned, and the weary enquirer after true happiness turns from the very elements which alone ensure,rest and satisfaction to the soul, to mingle again with the maddening crowd that hasten after that which can never come to the carnally-minded. When the lawyer, tempting Jesus by his enquiry into the higher life, put the question: 'And who is my neighbor?' the beautiful lesson of the Good TKE MANIFESTO. 67 Samaritan was given by the divine Teacher, who closed with these significant words; kkThis do and thou bhalt live.' Had not the man lived before? Not according to the Savior's acceptance of the term. He referred to the full life, to the generous, universal divine love which he had represented to the world as the commission from Godthe true life which dawns only when the sun sets upon all selfish preferences, and when the personal will is c msecrated to divine service. 'If any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.' What we need to-day is practical righteousness, not theory alone; personal consecration, not creed lore. A perfect Christian is the only man who really lives. Christ said distinctly of himself: 'I am the way, the truth, and the life.' The old life of pleasure-seeking, with its attendant unrest and soul hunger, has failed to satisfy ; earth has never yet given solace to a troubled conscienceher fruits afford no spiritual sustenance. The true life, the Christlike life, on the contrary, has never disappointed any soul. The heart that embraces it has a comfort through tribulation, a feast amid famine, a covert from every storm of earth! East Canterbury, N. H.