Books and Papers. The Law of Vibrations The Law of Vibrations in I Am Science, by T. J. Shelton. In this little work of nearly a hundred pages, the author has given a full illustration of the work of healing in which he is engaged. To understand it fully, one must carefully study what is written. Publisht at Little Rock, Ark. Price 25 cts. Small Families Small Families by H. L. Hastings. In this little work of less than thirty pages there is a fund of information collected from the Bible especially, which may prove a safe and sure guide to the interested reader. Brother Hastings is an able advocate for the cause he has espoused, and if he can persuade those who have either large or small families, to bring up their children 'in the admonition of the Lord,' he will do a wonderful work on the earth. H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, Mass. The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy The Journal of Hygeio-Therapy. The Science of Life; The Preparation of Food; The Slaughter of the Birds; Law and Medicine; The Science of Phrenology. Dr. T. V. Gifford &amp; Co. Kokomo, Ind. The Outlook The May Magazine Number of The Outlook has on its cover a fine portrait of Commodore Dewey, and nearly twenty pages are devoted to a historical account of the war and to editorial comment thereon. The article on 'The Parks and the People,' by Samuel Parsons, Jr. ex-Superintendent of the New York Parks, is accompanied by numerous charming pictures now first printed, of scenes in Central Park, Prospect Park, and Morningside Park. The fiction for the number is also distinctively of a seasonable character; the author is Maria Louise Pool, and the title is 'In Sappin' Time.' It may also be specially noted that the month's installment of Dr. Edward Everett Hale's 'James Russell Lowell and His Friends' contains some beautiful photographs made for The Outlook, of Elmwood in the early spring. Other features of this Magazine Number are; An article on 'Mr. Stedman as a poet,' with a full-page portrait; an article by Clifton Johnson on 'English Inns,' illustrated by photographs taken by the author; an article on 'The New Polychrome Bible,' by Professor Francis Brown, of Union Seminary; an article on 'Municipal Water-Works,' by Mr. M. N. Baker, of 'The Engineering News;' a readable paper by Mr. Charles M. Skinner on 'Animal Life;' and several other light sketches, poems and articles, besides the usual reviews, news departments, and editorials. ($3 a year. The Outlook Company ^ 287 Fourth Avenue, New York.) Popular Monthly A stirring poem on Cuba, by Joaquin Miller, opens the May number of Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly. If there are any Americans who do not wish the freedom of the Cu-