THE OFFERING. By Elder Henry C. Blinn. THERE may be many of these incidents found in the 'Good Book,' that have for years awakened thought and possibly may have led some to step forward into a better life. Jesus was not a man to sit in the chimney corner and write homilies for little sinners. He was an active worker. He was interested in doing good as well as being good. He was acquainted with the rich as well as with the poor, and by this peculiar instance which we now have in mind, we may well understand that he had some insight into the subtlety of the human heart. While on one of his errands of mercy he made a visit to the temple. Possibly his little company made a slight contribution to the fund that was for the support of that sacred place. We have learned from the Scriptures that Jesus and the disciples readily paid their taxes, and we also remember how curiously he obtained the money, at one time, for this purpose. The little company all took seats near the treasury, to observe the people as they cast in their money. All classes were moving along, having this one object first in mind, and to be approbated by the priests, for their generosity. Jesus evidently knew some of the rich Jews as readily as we know the wealthy people of our state or nation. But the special feature in this case, that made the lesson so valuable for the disciples, was that they might see the offerings made by the poor Jews. It was the Lord's treasury and every person was expected to contribute the 82 THE MANIFESTO. amount of their tithe, so that those who had but little of this world's goods could give only their due proportion. Following closely in the rear of those who were drest in 'purple and fine linen,' was a poor widow. As she past the sacred treasury there fell from her feeble but generous hand, only two mites. It was a mere pittance. Possibly in value, one mill of United States money. As we think of those dominant priests who watched with eager eyes the gifts that were contributed, it becomes questionable if they would have thankt her for the offering. Some persons at the present day, think it is decidedly mean to pass one cent only, into the contribution box, and say that it ought to be refused. It may be that such churches have no poor widows, who visit them for prayers or for consolation, and on that account an offering from the poor is ruled out. When we learn that some twenty-four thousand priests lived in Jerusalem, and were supported by the offerings made at the temple, we do not wonder at their anxiety for the money that was contributed. Jesus, however, was acquainted with all the circumstances of the case, and he could not let the favorable opportunity pass without a special notice. His disciples must have the benefit of this remarkable act. 'And he saw also a certain poor widow cast'ng in thither two mites. And he said, of a truth I say unto you, that this poor widow hath cast in more than they all; for all these have of their abundance cast in unto the offerings of God: but she of her penury hath cast in all the living that she had.' What do we learn from this lesson? Was it written for our instruction in righteousness ? As the disciples had progrest but a short distance from the selfishness of the world, they were not over anxious to make sacrifices either for God or for the temple. No more anxious than we should be. Professing as we do a more exalted religious call, having a clearer understanding of the duties that are incumbent upon those who live in the light, does our faithfulness excel or even equal that of the disciples of two thousand years ago? To them it was said, 'Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind ; and thy neighbor as thyself.' This left but little room for a selfish interest. Live for God and for humanity is the duty of man. All this discipline was necessary to establish a kingdom of God on the earth, and the whole history of the Jews was only a preliminary work to one that was greater,a work of self-denial and the cross. The spirit and testimony of Jesus Christ was long anticipated. One of the prophets had said that it would be in its purifying process, like unto a refiner's fire and for making people neat and clean, soul and body, it would have an effect quite like that of fuller's soap upon a soiled garment. It was to be a new day, and men were to worship a new and living God. TRE MANIFESTO. 83 Idol gods of wood and stone were to be cast away. To the multitudes of deities that presided over the affairs of this world, every thing, good and bad had been offered. Men treated their gods as they treated each other. If the gods acceded to all their wishes, they were feasted, but if they failed to do this, they were scourged or pulled down from their sacred places. Jesus taught a better lesson, Render to Caesar, said he, that which belongs to Caesar, and then offer that sacrifice to God which is in the interest of your spiritual lives. Jesus taught his disciples the necessity of giving their whole life to God,'All that a man hath,' said he, 'yea, and his own life also.' Modern Christianity however, has seen fit to bring in a bill of betterments. That old way of two thousand years ago was well enough for those stiffnecked Jews and even for the apostles. People did not know so much in that age, and were filled with superstitious notions. But there can be only this one way. To follow Christ, we must do as he did, live as he lived. Be crucified to the elements of the world. Selfishness in the present is the same as selfishness in the past, and to make ClTrist the author of our selfish, religious views which may cover any amount of uncleanness, is placing the religion of to-day, far below that which was preacht in the desert of Arabia some three thousand years ago. East Canterbury, N. H.