ANGEL VISITATION. By Elder George W. Clark. the land of the Leal they come, the silent visitors, more often un seen than seen, unfelt than felt, tho occasionally the vail is lifted and we see behind it, and we catch a glimpse of this wonderful land and its inhabitants. It was so at the time of which we speak. The labors of the day having been faithfully performed we had retired to our couch, and as usual directed our thoughts to the Invisible Source of all sources, and to spirit agencies to whom we are indebted for spiritual gifts and sustenance. We began to query in our mind after this manner,are material objects at all times visible to spirits, or must they first become endowed with sight to see them, the same as certain organisms here are given sight to see things behind the vail which others not so endowed can not see. Whether walls or closed doors are obstacles in the way of their ingress or egress; and whether they really see as one person would see another. Suddenly, while thus ruminating, a spirit form appeared but a few feet distant, revealing distinctly the head and face of a Shaker sister. The figure wore one of our ordinary Shaker bonnets. We eagerly scanned the features to ascertain if it were some one whom we had known in earth life but not being able to recognize her, we askt, What was her mission ? Instantly she FROM 84: THE MANIFESTO. raised her arms and pointed upward to a beautiful star, and in a clear impressive tone said 'Come up higher.' We had not noticed the star until she spoke. It was almost directly overhead and seemed to be quite a distance from us. It resembled one of our brightest constellations tho it was not; for the position we occupied afforded a limited view of the sky. In order to see the heavenly bodies overhead we must resort to the window. A striking peculiarity of the vision was, that while looting directly at the figure in front of us we could see the star at the same time as plainly as tho we regarded that and nothing else, and yet it was directly overhead while the form was in front, so that the lines of vision were at right angles to each other. The figure was visible for a moment or more and then disappeared. The relation of spirit to matter is yet an unsolved question, but one thing is as clear and bright to our mind as was that beautiful star and the angelic spirit to our vision,That there is in the invisible realms of the Eternal, a heavenly home for all who earnestly seek to find it and who cheerfully make sacrifices here to obtain a glorious reward hereafter. True, our work is before us, and our reward is with us in this stage of existence, but as it is written, 'Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.' While the vision tarried, there came a wave of inspiration, which thrilled our whole being and gave rise to the following lines : There's a higher more glorious life to obtain Than e'er can be found upon earth's broad domain, Where angels with joy their voices upraise, In ravishing, soul-thrilling paeans of praise. Oh would that their chorus might sound far and near, It would help lift the burden, give comfort and cheer, Dispel the vague fancies that oft come and go Like the tides of the sea as they ebb to and fro. Come higher, up higher, away from the world, Let purity's banner be widely unfurled, Arise from the vain, fleeting pleasures of time, . Tread firmly the narrow way mortals must climb. A highway is cast up'tis beautifully clean Made sacred and pure by love's holy sheen, Where the feet of the conqueror often hath trod As he wended his way up this mountain of God. The thorns and the briars may oft wound and pierce, And beasts of the forest all eager and fierce Attack on the way; but the balsam is there, And purity, peace, are shielded by prayer. Oh come, come away, again we repeat, The immortal life is worth more than meat. Yea, upward we'll soar with you, spirit friend, And ever prove faithful and true to the end. Enfield, Conn.