Notes from the Diary of William Deming... [Notes from the Diary of William Deming, of Hancock, Mass, who with Brother Eliab Harlow of New Lebanon, N. Y. visited the Believers at Union Village, Ohio, Pleasant Hill and South Union, Ky.] ON the 21st of May 1810, William Deming and Eliab Harlow, were sent by the Society at New Lebanon, to visit the Believers in Ohio and Kentucky. The distance from New Lebanon, N. Y. to Union Village, Ohio, was seven hundred and fifty-five miles. This journey was to be made on horseback, as much of the way no roads had been made for carriages at that early date. They were enabled, however, to reach some public or private house every night, where they could secure good food and a comfortable resting place. Their zigzag journey becomes interesting as it is so different from what it would.be at the present date, 1898. At night, on the first day, they put up at Stocking's tavern in Hudson, a distance of twenty-eight miles from New Lebanon. Then crost the North River at Catskill and reacht the village of Kingston. The third night they were in Montgomery. On the 24th of May they past the Groshen Court House and reacht Brooktown. On the 25th, they left the state of New York and entered New Jersey, and at night were in the town of Hardwick. From New Jersey they past into the state of Pennsylvania and stopt at Easton Hotel. For the first time, during the journey, they now mention the crossing of a toll-bridge. They next past through a Moravian town and at night stopt at the village of Kutestown. The next day they reacht Mayorstown and on the 29 th of 86 THE MANIFESTO. May they were in Harrisburg, and were pleased to note that the house kept by Jeremiah Rees was ''a place of good entertainment.' They now crost the Susquehanna river and reacht the village of Shippingsburg. The journey took them over the Blue Ridge Mountains and over Sideling and Race Hills, to the tavern kept at the foot of Dry Ridge. After riding some thirty-seven miles farther they rested for the night. While passing over Mount Pleasant a large rattlesnake lay coiled by the side of the road. Providing a safe place for the horses, the Brethren obtained some weapons from an old fence, and soon put the venomous reptile where it could do no harm. This night they rested in South Huntington. After crossing Monongahela river, and getting their clothes very wet and muddy, they rode on till they reacht the village in AVashington. On June 5th they entered the state of Virginia and crost the Ohio river, at the ferry, and remained at that place during the night. Their next stop was at Morristown. Leaving this place they past through Cambridge and over another toll-bridge and rested for the night in Union township. They next crost the Muskingum river and stopt at Redding. The next day they past through Lancaster and rested at night in Pickaway. Then crost the Scioto river, and at night rested in Fairfi'ld. Altho they were nearly at their journey's end and had traveled some twenty miles they made this special note,'It was by the worst road that ever any man would desire to see.' When they reacht the village of Vernon and made preparations to rest for the night, it must have been with thankful hearts for the protecting care of a kind Providence. On the 12th of June which was the last day of the journey and was to be about twenty miles, they crost the little Miami river and then past through the village of Lebanon, which was only a few miles from Believers. A kind and hearty welcome was extended to the Brethren on reaching the family where Elder David Darrow lived. There was great cause of gratitude for the safe arrival of the Brethren, after making such an extended journey of seven hundred and fifty-five miles. These Brethren, altho so far from home were not wholly among strangers, as several Brethren and Sisters had been sent to Union Village, as early as 1805, from the Society of New Lebanon. June 13. As this diary was written by Brother William Deming there is but little said about Brother Eliab Harlow altho he was evidently in the company most of the time. It is a curious fact that the first building which the Brethren visited for inspection was the Meeting House. The early Shakers manifested a very commendable zeal in providing a place for public worship, as a building of the first importance in the interests of the Society. They next visited the saw-mill and learned that the Shakers hauled and sawed their own lumber for the several buildings which they were proposing to build. A visit to the tannery also assured them that they manufactured their own THE MANIFESTO. 87 leather and were also able to sell to those not of the Community. William entered at once into the duties of the place and became an interested and profitable visitor. One day he accompanied the Brethren to the woods, to obtain a load of butternut bark and the next day he was at work in the sawmill. He assisted them in laying the sills to the new dwelling and then in the drawing of stones for building purposes. As Brother Eliab was a very skillful physician, he was evidently more or less occupied in the duties of his special office. The visit at Turtle Creek, as Union Village was then called, lasted till the 11th of July. A Public Service was held on each Sabbath. The preachers were Elder Benjamin S. Youngs and Richard McNemar. Two Brethren from Busro were at Union Village on a visit, Robert Gill and John Stoven. John had been taken prisoner by the Indians, several times and through them suffered much abuse. It was fear of these Indian raids that caused the Believers to leave their settlement in Busro. On the 11th of July the Brethren from New Lebanon left Union Village for Pleasant Hill, Ky. in company with Joseph Allen. It was a journey of four days. 'The land on which the Believers have settled is very excellent, but rather uneven, stony in some places and everywhere a solid body of rock underneath. On the 21st of July, I accompanied eight Brethren to Salt River, on a fishing excursion. We waded in the water for six hours and caught forty-eight little fishes. They were bull-heads, perch and flat-sides.' 'With Brother Joseph we visited the Deer Park of Col. Thomson. He had five elk and forty deer.' 'The Meeting House was not finisht and I assisted Samuel Hooser, who was at work on the building, during one day. We visited several families of Believers who had not yet moved to the Community and enjoyed a very profitable time.' The settlement at Pleasant Hill, at that date was called Shawnee Run. July 30. The Brethren left for South Union or Jasper and reacht that place on the evening of the third day. On this trip they forded the Rolling Fork, Green River, Little Barren River and Big Barren River. They visited two caves and went in about ten rods and pi'onounced them beautiful sights. A visit was made to the families of Elisha Thomas, John Rankin and Samuel Edes. 'We entered one cave that was forty feet deep. At the bottom of this cave was a swift rushing. stream. It was a river in the earth.' 'On the Sabbath we attended the Public Service, but some of the spectators behaved very rudely.' On the 7th of August the Brethren left Jasper and directed their course homeward. They past by a mound that had recently been uncovered. It proved to be very interesting. Trees were growing on it that measured some thirty inches in diameter. The mound was thirty feet high and forty rods in 88 THE MANIFESTO. circumference near the ground. On the 9th of August they again reacht Shawnee Run or Pleasant Hill and remained there till the 21st, when they moved on to Union Village where they arrived at evening on the 23rd. The distance traveled since leaving Ohio was five hundred and fifty-eight miles, and the expenses $7.48 The Brethren remained at Union Village till the 13th of September when they left that place for home, returning by the same route that was taken on their journey west. Two Sisters who had been visiting at Union Village returned with them to New Lebanon, where they all arrived in safety at noon on the 3rd of October. They had traveled during their journey two thousand two hundred and eighty-seven miles, and their expenses were $65.43