THE TURNKEY. No. 1 By Elder H. C. Blinn. And now I am wondering if you ever saw a 'Turnkey.' It is a curious, little surgical instrument formerly used by the Dentists. It may be some six inches long THE MANIFESTO. and weighs not over an ounce or two. The shaft of the instrument is bent at right angles with the handle and opposite to the fulcrum. The instrument received this name from the manner in which it was used. One turn of the hand was the only motion marle in extracting a tooth,hence the name. Forceps were not generally used till about 3 880, and even then the Dentists held tenacicusly to the key, by saying that all the teeth could not be extracted with the forceps. Persons sometimes love to tell marvelous stories of the wonderful instruments of torture which they have seen in some foreign country, and yet we have one in our own home that has won a markt distinction through a long series of years. Who invented the Turnkey? History is fortunate in that it leaves us to conjecture. Some say the credit or discredit should be awarded to Garengeot, who lived in Europe, but as the 'Dental Canthook' is also said to have been invented in Europe, the whole matter of inventions may be open to doubt. If the writer of the book of Genesis had inserted so much as one paragraph about aching teeth we should have believed at once, that some son of Cain, as they were all cunning workmen, made this wonderful instrument. And yet, neither Jabal nor Jubal nor Tubal may have ever seen a Turnkey. Possibly it may have been invented at the time when men were studying for forms of exquisite torture, to make other men deny their faith in a just God. It would no doubt, have been a valuable acquisition to the set of tools used for that purpose. History is positive in reference to the use of pincers for pulling out the finger nails and toe nails of the condemned, and like their notable descendant, Snyder, they may have used these same tools in the extraction of teeth. We may, after all, be obliged to credit a more modern page of history, and look among the peaceable yeomen of the old country for this now discarded instrument. Dr. Fitch thinks that an interest must have been taken in the care, in the usefulness and beauty, as well as in the general appearance of the teeth from the earliest age of man. That even then some means were provided to correct deformities and to extract broken or decayed teeth. In his Dental Surgery, page 7 he says: 'That the Natural History of the teeth, so far as regarded their development, and their Anatomy as far as concerned their form, external appearance and insertion in the jaws, must necessarily have been known to the earliest races of men.' With the Brahmans, the care of cleaning their teeth is coeval with the date of their religion. The early Greeks had a class whom they spoke of as Physicians or Surgeon Dentists. They have also spoken of artificial teeth as a common occurrence. Martial, a Greek poet, says;'Are you not ashamed to purchase [artificial] teeth and hair, but what will you do for an eye, as there are none to sell.' In the 'Dark Ages' came a night of ignorance, and much of science and art was hid from sight. On the return of learning at a later date, with other things came the better knowledge of the teeth, and in 1563 Eustachius publisht his first work on Dentistry. Other works followed this, and by 1171 a long list could be named that treated more or less fully upon the Anatomy and use and abuse of natural and artificial teeth. One of these dark age physicians was consulted in regard to a swelling of the cheek, and decided it was a tumor. The tumor however, proved to be an accumulation of tartar. He then procured a hammer and chisel and went to work. The tooth and tartar were soon dislodged, and the specimen was sent to the Academy of Surgery in 1189 where it can be seen, as well as the error of the surgeon. We have still another line for investigation, and it seems to be quite favorable. If we could establish the date of the in94 THE MANIFESTO. 95 vention of the 'Canthook,' I think there would be no doubt about the 'Turnkey.' They evidently were brought out, on the same day. One would almost think that they were invented by a man who hauled logs or workt in a saw-mill, as they bear so close a resemblance to one of the tools which these men use. In the rolling of logs, levers of different patterns are used, but the most efficient instrument in this work is the Canthook. When it is fastened to a log it does not easily quit its hold, and with its long handle it affords a powerful leverage. (To be continued.)