NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. April. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1897. 45.77 3.5 in. 4 in. 1898. 42. 3.125 ' 8 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 66 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 18 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 10 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 4 ' ' clear ' ' ' 9 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 7 May, 1898. The spring has put on its vernal attire. The green fields are decked with yellow and white floral tints, and violets open their petals to variegate the sombre green. Ths trees are opening their blossoms to afford labor for the busy bees to gather honey all the day from every opening flower. The husbandmen are busy turning the greensward and putting in the seed for the. future harvest of cereals and vegetables, the life sustaining products of man and beast. The planting and sowing is risky business this spring, we are having so much rainy weather, but with all the hinderances we are making progress. We have started a new strawberry bed of between two thousand and three thousand plants which chiefly are the Bubach No. 5 with an admixture of Lovett as fertilizers. The medicine business is our chief source of revenue in the Brethren's line of industries. The Sisters have a variety of fancy work which furnishes them with needful cash. The Brethren and Sisters work harmoniously in bearing the burdens of life, in this they are the light of the world. They stand on a plane of equality in things spiritual and temporal. At present, the available help of both Brethren and Sisters is employed in divesting two hundred coon skins of fur and hair. This tries the texture of the skin on the hands of the workmen; but as the Irishman said; 'Sure for the money it must be done.' This fur-pulling uses up the best part of three weeks. With all the burdens to keep the mortal temples in uprightness we endeavor to keep our spiritual sanctums fitted for the entrance into the home eternal in the Heavens, so that we may be made welcome by the denizens of the Christ sphere, the realm of supernal glory. At present we have living ministers among us who keep the gospel furnace flaming hot for the consuming of sin of every name and nature. The health of the family is evidently good as all attend to taking their daily rations, and are ready and willing to use their strength where it is felt they can do the most good. Blessed are they that can love and bless both with heart and hands for they shall be crowned with life eternal. Calvin G. Reed. THE MANIFESTO. 91 South Family. May, 1898. Live, love, laugh and joyous be Grand truths in nature quickly see Learn the music in the air Which is floating every where. Note the beauty of each plant Know that God to each does grant Special care all of his own To each rock and tiny stone. On Tuesday evening April 12th, in the Hall of the Church family, Dr. Peebles lectured on his circuit around the world. Many went to hear him tell of scenes and people he had seen. It was strangely charming to hear about his foreign travels, first to far Australia's shores and their ways and peculiar style of living, as the Bushmen apart from culture and civilization. Of the heathen and their life, of India, that land of wondrous fame; of the Brahmans and Buddhists. He witnessed many scenes of the Brahmans wondrous skill; the power they have to move material things by their will. Some books, he said, were laid upon a table in a room where sat a wise old Brahman who beckoned to them to move across the floor to him saying, 'come, come,' when instantly the table rockt and the books moved along the floor and stopt just where the Doctor stood. He took them up, examined them, and found thej were real books. At the close of the lecture the congregation sang that grand old melody, 'God is infinitely able to sustain the weak and feeble.' On April 13, we held a meeting and Dr. Peebles spoke again, which made the people glad. Singing and speaking was in order, and not a few spirits of departed friends were present. We marcht the good inspiring march and sung the old songs;the same sweet songs we used to sing when we were young. That meeting we will not soon forget. Among the fine entertainments of the season we record the Arbor Day exhibition by the public school. The dialogs and recitations were of the very best; all original,the work of Sister Ada Brown the Principal of the school. Each part was perfectly executed, the singing was commendable. Sister Eosetta Stevens presided at the organ. A pretty piece was sung entitled 'You Know Where the Violets Grow' words and music by Sister Eosetta, assistant teacher. At the close of the exercises the National air was sung by the school and the scholars marcht away a merry band. Representatives from all the families were present to participate in the loyal spirit of the day. Genevieve DeGraiv. Shaker Station, Conn. North Family. May, 1898. Mark our ways, how noiseless A)l, and sweetly voiceless, Tho the March winds pipe to make our passage clear; Not a whisper tells Where our small seed dwells, Nor is known the moment green whan our tips appear. We thread th? earth in silence, In silence build our bowers, And leaf by leaf in silence show, till we laugh atop sweet flowers. Again the earth has donned her emerald robe, and seems to have quite forgotten the pure mantle she so recently wore. Cherry-trees are white with bloom, and peach-trees promise a harvest. The orchards are much improved by the skillful use of the pruning-knife. Fruit trees past their days of bloom, and others unserviceable have been hewn down, and in their s,tead have set out one hundred and ten cherry and plum trees. We have also set out a large bed of asparagus. Our Sister Florence Staples who was so successful in the cultivation of currants in Canaan, has already commenced her favorite employment with five-hundred slips. Future prospects are bright. 'We fear not the coming time,' but while we are progressing and prospering in temporal affairs, we earnestly pray that we may not slight the spiritual; as it is for the growth 92 THE MANIFESTO. of the spirit, and for the attainment of all virtue, that we have banded ourselves together and we serve the Lord with gladness. Edith Shufelt. Shakers, N. Y. May, 1898. The effort that is being made to bring the different religious beliefs into a closer communion is a commendable one. The World's Congress of Eeligions, held in 1893 was an educator on the line of progressive thought, and the one to be held in India, the present year, will be a continuation of the work which is removing the angularities and overreaching the boundaries of that exclusiveness which for so many centuries has been the cause of the contentions that have arisen among the \arious beliefs. That the call should come from one representing a belief that antedates our own by many centuries is evidence that 'the world moves onward and the light grows stronger.' Certainly good must come by a comparison of ideas which will help remove the rust and mould that have collected through ages of exclusiveness. The workers on the farm and garden are renewing their activity and sowing the good seed. At present we are having a superabundance of rain which is retarding the progress of spring work; but before the close of the season we may be calling for rain, so we will accept what comes and be thankful. We enjoy the perusal of the home circle notes; it seems like a personal communion with our friends, and the thoughts exprest by those who are striving to sustain the publication of our Monthly are accepted with pleasure. Hamilton DeGraw. Enfield, N. H. May, 1898. Easteb-day will long remain indelible on memory's page. Our chapel was well decorated with evergreens, vines, plants and flowers, while the varied exercises given, afforded invited friends and ourselves, a feast of good things. Making Easter, A day bright with music, emblematic of tho't, Sacred mementos of Christ, whose life bro'f The glad tidings of love, purity and sweet peace, Fruits of a kingdom that e'er will increase In that sphere where truth rules and blest justice bears sway, Where night is eclipst with brightness of day; Where the ensign of freedom e'er floats o'er the land, Where service to God, means service to man, Thus resurrecting from the darkened tombs of sin, Souls bright with hope, all glorious within, Christ's mission on earth as his teachings portray, Was to raise a standard and pave a way, Whereby to resurrect from error's dark niglit, A gospel of love, liberty and light, Of industry, equality, justice and truth, Heaven's high estate for aged and youth. Our maple harvest fell below last year's record, yielding but one hundred and ninety gallons of syrup. While in operation companies of three to thirty of our young people, spent a few hours at the camp, indulging in the much prized 'chopsticks,' (maple candy cooled on snow) swinging and having a good time. As I write the word camp, thought contrasts the peaceful significance of ours to the turbulent ones of the brave, liberty aspiring Cubans and our own American army. There opens to my vision the hor- / rors on sea and land and already occurred and must happen before the red, white and blue with one star can float in freedom. I turn from our dark National war scene and cast upon the banner of Society news, the bright picture revealing the appointment of Elder William Briggs to our ministerial order and whose Enfield kindred give the salute,It is well and could not be bettered. Elder Henry whose long period of service to East Canterbury and Enfield, should be untaxt with extra Society weight as he enamels the closing records of his earth life with the gold of eternal THE MANIFESTO. 93 faithfulness. Unnecessary taxation of one's mental and physical structure when nearing the immortal sphere is not conducive to a cheery entrance where joy and sweet rest are as luxuriant in growth as seeds in peculiarly rich soil. George H. Baxter. Sabbathday Lake, Me. May, 1898. This is a beautiful morning but the bleak, cold wind seems unwilling to go and is roaring wildly among the branches of the trees. April has been very cold and rainy and we farmers and gardeners are much disappointed in the tarry occasioned by the cold weather, after such a warm and delightful March, but we now hope for better days. In the meantime, we have been busy, Sisters on the fancy work for sale and both Brethren and Sisters in the greenhouse, days at a time, transplanting celery, cabbage and flower seedlings and over eight hundred dozen tomato plants have been transplanted twice. This is pleasant work when blest with plenty of sunshine but the dull days that we have been having the past month have almost given us 'the blues.' During the past week the Sisters have set out a thousand strawberry plants and sown part of the sweet peas. The Brethren have set a row of maple trees on the west side of the road through our village which adds much to the beauty of the place. Our good aged father Samuel Kendrick has left us for his home in 'Mansions of Light' and while we miss him very much no doubt his influence for good will still remain. Ada S. Cummin gs.