NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. April. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1897. 45.77 3.5 in. 4 in. 1898. 42. 3.125 ' 8 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 66 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 18 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 10 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 4 ' ' clear ' ' ' 9 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 7 May, 1898. The spring has put on its vernal attire. The green fields are decked with yellow and white floral tints, and violets open their petals to variegate the sombre green. Ths trees are opening their blossoms to afford labor for the busy bees to gather honey all the day from every opening flower. The husbandmen are busy turning the greensward and putting in the seed for the. future harvest of cereals and vegetables, the life sustaining products of man and beast. The planting and sowing is risky business this spring, we are having so much rainy weather, but with all the hinderances we are making progress. We have started a new strawberry bed of between two thousand and three thousand plants which chiefly are the Bubach No. 5 with an admixture of Lovett as fertilizers. The medicine business is our chief source of revenue in the Brethren's line of industries. The Sisters have a variety of fancy work which furnishes them with needful cash. The Brethren and Sisters work harmoniously in bearing the burdens of life, in this they are the light of the world. They stand on a plane of equality in things spiritual and temporal. At present, the available help of both Brethren and Sisters is employed in divesting two hundred coon skins of fur and hair. This tries the texture of the skin on the hands of the workmen; but as the Irishman said; 'Sure for the money it must be done.' This fur-pulling uses up the best part of three weeks. With all the burdens to keep the mortal temples in uprightness we endeavor to keep our spiritual sanctums fitted for the entrance into the home eternal in the Heavens, so that we may be made welcome by the denizens of the Christ sphere, the realm of supernal glory. At present we have living ministers among us who keep the gospel furnace flaming hot for the consuming of sin of every name and nature. The health of the family is evidently good as all attend to taking their daily rations, and are ready and willing to use their strength where it is felt they can do the most good. Blessed are they that can love and bless both with heart and hands for they shall be crowned with life eternal. Calvin G. Reed. THE MANIFESTO. 91 South Family. May, 1898. Live, love, laugh and joyous be Grand truths in nature quickly see Learn the music in the air Which is floating every where. Note the beauty of each plant Know that God to each does grant Special care all of his own To each rock and tiny stone. On Tuesday evening April 12th, in the Hall of the Church family, Dr. Peebles lectured on his circuit around the world. Many went to hear him tell of scenes and people he had seen. It was strangely charming to hear about his foreign travels, first to far Australia's shores and their ways and peculiar style of living, as the Bushmen apart from culture and civilization. Of the heathen and their life, of India, that land of wondrous fame; of the Brahmans and Buddhists. He witnessed many scenes of the Brahmans wondrous skill; the power they have to move material things by their will. Some books, he said, were laid upon a table in a room where sat a wise old Brahman who beckoned to them to move across the floor to him saying, 'come, come,' when instantly the table rockt and the books moved along the floor and stopt just where the Doctor stood. He took them up, examined them, and found thej were real books. At the close of the lecture the congregation sang that grand old melody, 'God is infinitely able to sustain the weak and feeble.' On April 13, we held a meeting and Dr. Peebles spoke again, which made the people glad. Singing and speaking was in order, and not a few spirits of departed friends were present. We marcht the good inspiring march and sung the old songs;the same sweet songs we used to sing when we were young. That meeting we will not soon forget. Among the fine entertainments of the season we record the Arbor Day exhibition by the public school. The dialogs and recitations were of the very best; all original,the work of Sister Ada Brown the Principal of the school. Each part was perfectly executed, the singing was commendable. Sister Eosetta Stevens presided at the organ. A pretty piece was sung entitled 'You Know Where the Violets Grow' words and music by Sister Eosetta, assistant teacher. At the close of the exercises the National air was sung by the school and the scholars marcht away a merry band. Representatives from all the families were present to participate in the loyal spirit of the day. Genevieve DeGraiv. Shaker Station, Conn. North Family. May, 1898. Mark our ways, how noiseless A)l, and sweetly voiceless, Tho the March winds pipe to make our passage clear; Not a whisper tells Where our small seed dwells, Nor is known the moment green whan our tips appear. We thread th? earth in silence, In silence build our bowers, And leaf by leaf in silence show, till we laugh atop sweet flowers. Again the earth has donned her emerald robe, and seems to have quite forgotten the pure mantle she so recently wore. Cherry-trees are white with bloom, and peach-trees promise a harvest. The orchards are much improved by the skillful use of the pruning-knife. Fruit trees past their days of bloom, and others unserviceable have been hewn down, and in their s,tead have set out one hundred and ten cherry and plum trees. We have also set out a large bed of asparagus. Our Sister Florence Staples who was so successful in the cultivation of currants in Canaan, has already commenced her favorite employment with five-hundred slips. Future prospects are bright. 'We fear not the coming time,' but while we are progressing and prospering in temporal affairs, we earnestly pray that we may not slight the spiritual; as it is for the growth 92 THE MANIFESTO. of the spirit, and for the attainment of all virtue, that we have banded ourselves together and we serve the Lord with gladness. Edith Shufelt.