Enfield, N. H. May, 1898. Easteb-day will long remain indelible on memory's page. Our chapel was well decorated with evergreens, vines, plants and flowers, while the varied exercises given, afforded invited friends and ourselves, a feast of good things. Making Easter, A day bright with music, emblematic of tho't, Sacred mementos of Christ, whose life bro'f The glad tidings of love, purity and sweet peace, Fruits of a kingdom that e'er will increase In that sphere where truth rules and blest justice bears sway, Where night is eclipst with brightness of day; Where the ensign of freedom e'er floats o'er the land, Where service to God, means service to man, Thus resurrecting from the darkened tombs of sin, Souls bright with hope, all glorious within, Christ's mission on earth as his teachings portray, Was to raise a standard and pave a way, Whereby to resurrect from error's dark niglit, A gospel of love, liberty and light, Of industry, equality, justice and truth, Heaven's high estate for aged and youth. Our maple harvest fell below last year's record, yielding but one hundred and ninety gallons of syrup. While in operation companies of three to thirty of our young people, spent a few hours at the camp, indulging in the much prized 'chopsticks,' (maple candy cooled on snow) swinging and having a good time. As I write the word camp, thought contrasts the peaceful significance of ours to the turbulent ones of the brave, liberty aspiring Cubans and our own American army. There opens to my vision the hor- / rors on sea and land and already occurred and must happen before the red, white and blue with one star can float in freedom. I turn from our dark National war scene and cast upon the banner of Society news, the bright picture revealing the appointment of Elder William Briggs to our ministerial order and whose Enfield kindred give the salute,It is well and could not be bettered. Elder Henry whose long period of service to East Canterbury and Enfield, should be untaxt with extra Society weight as he enamels the closing records of his earth life with the gold of eternal THE MANIFESTO. 93 faithfulness. Unnecessary taxation of one's mental and physical structure when nearing the immortal sphere is not conducive to a cheery entrance where joy and sweet rest are as luxuriant in growth as seeds in peculiarly rich soil. George H. Baxter.