THE SPIRITUAL HIGHWAY. By Elder Henry C. Blinn. ON our journey through this life, beset as it is with so many allurements, it is well to bear in mind that there is a highway in which the Lord's people may walk,a state of righteousness into which they may enter, and a Kingdom of God in which they can own an inheritance. In some things we may claim to be in advance of those who have gone on before us, but we may feel amply compensated if by watchfulness and prayer we may attain to the gospel interest that was so fully set forth by the apostle who prayed that he might be able 'to present every man perfect in Christ Jesus.' With what zeal he toiled, day and night, to impart a knowledge of the testimony of the Christ. Hear what he says of the persecutions that he suffered while preaching the Christian faith, 'Thrice was I beaten with rods, once was I stoned, thrice I suffered shipwreck, a night and a day have I been in the sea. Ii^ perils by robbers, in perils by my own countrymen, in perils in the wilderness and in perils among false brethren. In weariness and painfulness, in watchings, in hunger and in thirst.'2 Cor. xi., 25. In this we have the record of a minister of the Christ, who dared to do the work to which he was called, and to become crucified to the world. May the people of God in this day, be no less faithful and no less zealous to work for the cause of righteousness. The Apostle had no confusion in his mind when ijie informed the church that he would like to present every one perfect in Christ. He had been acquainted with the history of mankind for several thousands of years. He had learned that in the beginning God had made 98 THE MANIFESTO. man upright;had made him after his own image and likeness, and had bestowed on him a fulness of divine gifts. He had learned that God had walked and talked with man, face to face, as one friend converseth with another. He was now learning that man had neglected to keep the laws of God, and had put righteousness far from his soul, and in some cases had become desperately wicked. Some of the best witnesses thought that the evil spirit was in the ascendency and in their confessions had said,'There is none that doeth good, no, not one.' It must have been a low state of society when men could defraud each other, could rob and even destroy the lives of their fellow-men and then reach the place in history, where b}' doing these things, they could believe they were engaged in God's service. But the earth is the Lord's and the fulness thereof, and this day of wars and slaughter must come to an end. The God of Love and Peace would rule the earth. The Prophets began to assure the people of a better day when nations should learn war no more; when the knowledge of God should cover the land as the waters cover the sea. That a day should come when the testimony of truth should burn as an oven, and all the proud, yea and all that do wickedly should be consumed as stubble. The Apostle had lived to see that day and had heard the testimony of the Christ, to repent and make strait paths for hunself and for the Lori's people in which they could walk with safety. A day in which every knee should bow and every tongue confess after their baptism into the Holy Spirit and fire, that essential ministration bf the Christ's Kingdom. He had lived to see the day when all unrighteousness would be consumed as stubble and men would grow unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of the Christ. Then comes the mystery that men have thrown around the gospel work. Making public profession that they could not understand it themselves, and were quite well assured that others could not understand it. By the side of this they have built up a creed and then multiplied to themselves forms and ceremonies till the truth is almost wholly obscured from sight. That which Jesus had taught was soon lost from view and in place of his spiritual mission the church accepted all the worldly relations that had occupied the mind of man. They chose darkness rather than light and from this darkness grew the distorted views of a future life. Whatever may be said by speculative minds upon the subject of' present or future happiness, an unerring guide has been given that we may not miss the prize and this privilege is awarded to the pure in heart, to those who by an honest confession are made able to deny themselves of all ungodliness and every worldly lust. It is for them to put off the old man with his deeds and put on the Lord, Jesus Christ. 'For every knee shall bow' before the spirit of the Christ, 'and every tongue confess' to the light that comes to them from God. This forms the discipline of the gospel work for every man. It is to be the rule of his whole life. He is to become a new creature in his THE MANIFESTO. 99 general deportment. To speak a new language of which the angels of God need not be ashamed. To 1)3 preseuted perfect in Christ Jesus we must be cleansed from all unrighteousness. This must include the whole of life ; the manner in which we eat and drink, the language we speak, the raiment we wear, and no less the spiritual foundation upon which we build. East Canterbury, N. H.