NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. May. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1897. 56.74 2.25 in. 1898. 56. 3.875 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 80 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 40 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 10 ' ' clear ' ' ' 8 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 13 June, 1898. May has been profuse in blossoms. Fruit trees of all kinds; shrubs, vines, plants and even the mosses have been clad with all the variegated tints that produce beauty and impart aroma to give pleasure to the artistic mind and to suffuse the appreciative senses. If fruits are produced in proportion to the profusion of blossoms we can not reasonably say that we are scantily supplied withfrugiverous aliment. The month has been superabundantly suffused with rain and overshadowed with clouds, so that very little planting has been done either on the farm or in the garden. Upon the whole, the spring months have been quite backward. We have had but eight clear days in May. About the 8th of June we shall have the presence of our Ministry with us for a few days to arrange the program for the summer and then away they will be gone most of the ensuing year. We are infoimed that the Alfred Ministry will be with us some time this week. It is quite an interval since we were privileged to enjoy their company. They will be very welcome. Some repairs are being made for home accommodations, and our tenants. Turn and turn and overturn are the necessajy requisitions demanded if we keep abreast of this progressive age, even if we abstain from battering the fortifications of Spain. We have a paramount duty to keep at bay those discordant passions that make enemies of nations and that produce discord among members of the same family, and as a religious body to maintain the principle and the practice of unsullied peace and harmony that ultimately will result in the Great Millennium, which is the anticipated outcome of the Chiistian Dispensation, when swords shall be beaten into ploughshares and spears into pruning hooks; when cannons, guns, bayonets and pistols, shall be turned into implements of peaceful industry; when war vessels shall be used for commercial purposes only, and nations shall neither learn nor practice war any more. Even so, angels and men speed the day! It is a time of general health in our family, and so far as I know of the Society. May this blessing continue with us, and may we truly feel; 108 THE MANIFESTO. 'Angels e'er are near us. watching o'er our way, We may hear their voices mi;l the toil of day, We may know their presence, giving strength and cheer; Weary not, worry notangels e'er are near.' Calvin G. Heed. North Family. June, 1898. June, lovely June, with its sunshine and showers gives us of its beauties in the springing forth of fruits and flowers. The Brethren, engaged in the necessary sowing and planting have watcht with careful and anxious eye for the growth of vegetation. Fear, many times, has taken possession of the sower lest frequent rains might destroy the tender plants. Eldress Anna White and Sister Ann Offcrd spent a few days in the vicinity of Boston. Much interest was shown by the fiiends there through the investigation of Shakerism, also the subject of Arbitration was discussed bringing up both sides of the question. The Sigters distributed many tracts entitled 'War Positively Unchristian.' On their return home they stopt at Enfield, Conn. The meeting of gospel kindred strengthens the bond of love and friendship which only the true disciple of Christ can realize and appreciate. The article in the Ladies' Home Journal, 'A Wonderful Little World of People,' has awakened many minds to the knowledge that in this beautiful world there is a people who are living in it, but who are not one with it, that pleasure and enjoyment does not necessarily consist in outward or external amusement. The fruits of the Spirit are love, joy, peace and everlasting life. Sarah .1. Burger. South Family. June, 1898. A new season has dawned, a summer of beauty and action lies before us, the resurrection of life in its fullness. Old things are passing away, behold all things are becoming new. With the aid of paint, energy and perseverance a newness of life is being printed on our home, external and internal, and we wonder 'If our home is so beautiful here, What must be our final home ! If things that perish, so lovely appeur, What must it be in the world to come!' We have at present a promise of a fruitful harvest; if a profusion of blossoms is a forerunner of such glad tidings no one need want for the fruitage of the vineyard. Just now we are anticipating a delegation from the East. They will compose our Maine company and be our Maine stay while with us. Decoration day was pleasingly observed by members of Second family with a party from our family who spent a few hours among the graves of many who 'died on earth but live in heaven.' Songs appropriate to the occasion were sung, readings recitations and dialogs were spoken in harmony with the observance of the day. The graves were richly strewn with flowers of the season. Kind thoughts of the departed were exprest as the floral offerings were carefully deposited in memory of the absent ones, and we thought of our dearest friend and Sister, Lydia Dole whose spirit is happy above and ofttimes visits us during the active hours of the day and holds sweet communion with us while we travel through dreamland. The far-famed Shaker chairs of Mt. Lebanon are in constant demand from all points of the compass. They are recommended for their beauty, perfection and comfort. Should any one care For a good Shaker chair At Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. let them call, We have them just right Cherry color and white And can suit both the great and the small. Genevieve DeGraw. Shakers, N. Y. June, 1898. Theke has been evolved from out of the struggle between ths cold of spring and summer's warmth a royal diadem of THE MANIFESTO. 109 roses. Lovely June is now triumphantly enthroned as the leader and director of the forces which will, when the shades of autumn deepen, bring to us the consummation of garners well supplied, we hope, with the products which a bountiful season has placed at our disposal. The diary notes from the travels of the early missionaries who visited the West in the early years of the century are interesting. They went forward with their life in their hands, ready to lay it down at the call of duty. Of such souls are constituted the hero martyrs who by their example have made it honorable to be counted with those who are willing to suffer for the truth. Those who were receivers of that divine light, as well as the mediums through which it was given, know that its promulgation was fraught with dangers that the ordinary mortal would not have braved unless inspired by a zeal and consecration that could make the words of the divine Teacher applicable: 1 ''Greater love hath no man than this that a man lay down his life for his friends.' We have realized of late more than usual the conscious presence of those dear friends who have past beyond the limits of the shadows that to a greater or less extent enshroud our earth life. In our seasons of devotion they have especially manifested their presence to admonish and to comfort those who yet have the battle of life to fight. Hamilton DeGraw. West Pittsfield, Mass. June, 1898. June, the ideal month of sunshine and beautj is with us once more, and we are enjoying its many virtues, realizing that it will leave us all too soon, and imagining a day in the distant future when we may enjoy preserved June sunshine, taken from the abundance of that month for use during the cold winter. Since our last call at the Home Circle nature has been busily at work. The trees have budded and blossomed in all their varied beauty, and have now cast aside their holiday attire, and are hard at wTork forming the fruits for a harvest by and by. . A step from the artificial brings is to the useful, in the plant kingdom, and reminds us of the stores of hay gathered last summer by the wise people of Hancock. After wintering the stock from the supply and losing between sixty and seventy tons by fire, this spring there has been prest, one hundred ninety-five tons, and one hundred tons still remain. Last week six car loads were sent from our depot to New York. The price paid however, is too low to give satisfaction and the remainder will be kept until brighter days and higher prices appear. Some of our buildings are renewing their youth, at least in appearance, by fresh paint. The Ministry's shop is just completed and is greatly improved. Other buildings are to share the same treatment. The new barn is finisht with the exception of the covering of the roof with tin shingles. The familiar couplet, 'There's never a day so cloudy but a little sun appears' might be reversed t &gt; suit the present occasion with us. for that there's never a day so sunny but a little cloud appears is proved true by the departure of our loved Ministry to-morrow for Mt. Lebanon. But having resolved to be unselfish, we will congratulate our friends over the mountain for the presence of souls so true. As we are writing the door opens and we are introduced to friends from Maine, Eldress Harriet Goodwin, Elders William Dumont and Henry Green, who are making a very short call at our home, for like golden opportunities we hardly realize their presence when we find they have left us, having delivered, however, messages of courage and good cheer. Fidelia Estabrook. Enfield, N. H. June, 1898. The daring, heroic deed of Lieut. Richmond Hobson and his associates in sinking the Merrimac in the Santiago harbor to 110 THE MANIFESTO. bar in the Spanish fleet, not only adds another mark of merit to American naval history, but tells in clarion tones of strict discipline and self-surrender to duty's call requiring a whole life in service. !N'o less is required of the followers of Christ, called to battle the evils that war against the bulwarks of truth and virtue,a divine engagement, prohibiting conquests by all things that bear the stamp of unchristliness. 'Grain by grain the treasure's won, Step by step the race is run, Then be patient, toil away, Gain a little every day.' To idly wait for an occasion to do some great deed which idle dreaming may cast upon the glass of transitory imagination, and let pass the many little acts, of fellowhelpfulness each day presents, denotes a slipshod state of morality, a treasure well rusted with sordid selfishness. The fruits of our faith are the acts done, by intellect prompted, and only absolute mastery of self and strong faith in the possibility to gain the aspired-for attitude of spirituality can make chastity's fortress impregnable and her treasures such as bless humanity. Idleness is inconsistent with a Christian life and sweet musings of no inspiring virtue, are the cobwebs of spiritual disease, which if not removed from the life will ultimately deface the whole superstructure of character and active goodness. An inspection of our orchards revealed trees heavily laden with blossoms, foretell ing an abundance of fruit, no unseen foe appearing. Our three strawberry beds, set out and managed by Sisters, Isabella Eussell and Lizzie Curtis, also promise a large crop of our favorite berry. Iron pipe, comprising nine pieces and weighing nearly seven tons, has been pur chased to replace the old wood pipe which has done good service for over half a century at our saw-mill, where over thirty thousand shingles have been sawed this spring by one of our young Brethren. With love to all, we would live out the inspiration of Emerson's grand thought: 'And each shall care for the other, And each to each shall bend; To the poor, a noble brother, To the good, an equal friend.' George H. Baxter. East Canterbury N. H. June, 1898. Faith and industry are beautifully combined in the ideal Christian.character. This dual element of success challenges the world for a greater. Our farmers are particularly active at this season, and the home bulletin gives full scope to their reports. One and a half acres of early potatoes, and ten of later variety are already planted. Ensilage corn covering twenty acres has put in an appearance three inches tall, it seems to realize that three large silos, each of 100 ton capacity, are to be well stockt in the fall. Field corn covers three acres. The farmer prophets notify 'all whom it may concern' of an ample hay crop D. V. adding the toothsome message that green peas will be ready for consumption before the end of the month. Asparagus and radishes have already been consumptive, but we diagnosed the case successfully. All fruit trees promise well, and we have put in large orders. Caterpillars form an opposing army, but some skirmishing has been done in this direction. 'We have met the enemy and they are ours.' The crow instinct is strong at this season, but few damages are recorded as yet. Small fruits promise well, cultivated blackberries and raspberries are welcome strangers. Three severe thunder-storms, with almost cyclonic wind, came this way on the 9th but without destruction. The pastures so green at this date afford ample diet for the cattle, and as grateful response thirty-two fine cows produce ninety-five gallons of milk per day. This enables us to sell on an average perhaps one hundred pounds of butter per week. THE MANIFES Tt K 111 Love to Zion and her interests, spiritual and material, being the loom which centers all the threads of daily devotion, our web can bear the scrutiny of the keen or the curious. Jessie Evtms. Narcoossee, Fla. June, 1898. Fbuit trees and vegetables of all kinds from middle to southern Florida are suffering very much for the want of rain. The Managers of the great St. Cloud Sugar Plantation were at our home last week and exprest a deep feeling of interest about their sugar-cane. They said unless there came rain and that soon, their crop would be an entire failure. If such be the case it will be a bad stroke to Osceola Co. They exprest a very satisfactory feeling as to the looks of our cane, pine-apples and Irish potatoes, all telling the worth of irrigation. For over a month our wind' mill and tank have been in constant use. Our young Believers three in number, have attended to this part of the program while we old settlers have been making three miles more of fence to protect us from the herds of marauding cattle that are now covering the plains of Florida, let loose by their owners in search of pasturage and water in hopes of sustaining life through this terrible drought. Every part of Florida that has not a fence to protect the farmer is free plunder. Our tomato crop, which is the largest we have ever planted, is just beginning to ripen, and judging from present prospects we shall have some to sell and many to can. Corn crop all through the state is a failure and this tells on the poor farmer 75 cents a bushel. Sister Annie Lane is just now putting in part of her time in poultry-raisingthus far it is a success. The old hen hatches tiie chickens and after two days Sister Annie takes them to the Brooder to do the rest. This certainly makes the labor in raising a flock of chickens far less. All information in regard to raising chickens by Brooders can be had from Brother Francis Pennybaker of Pleasant Hill, Mercer Co., Ky. To those who make this a business it is worth their time to look into the matter, for in this way we have not lost a chicken, while with us and with others, it was common at times to lose a third of the brood. A word to the wise is sufficient. Corn and rye ensilage is beginning to be used in Florida and farmers are experimenting as to its worth in the dairy line. Could the dairy business be well regulated in Florida it would improve the advantages of living very much. The whole drift has bten for beef cattle and but very little attention given to the dairy. Life means learning to abhor the false and love the true. Every day teaches us lessors in our new home, and can we only reject the errors and hold to the true we shall finally succeed. Andrew Ilarrett. Watervliet, Ohio. June, Ib98. Season follows season, and we know it has been declaied by the word oi' Cod that 'seed-time and harvest shall not fail.' We have many blessings to record in the past and present. The month of June is now with us, and nature manifests herself in beauty which delights the eye and the thoughts. Bright prospects of bountiful harvests make us particularly thankful. Our meadows say that there will be a large crop of hay, wheat is looking well, raspberries and strawberries are in fine condition. In fact we expect a generous crop of all kinds of fruit this year, for which we have great reason to thank God. We have been blest by a visit from our Ministry of Union Village, between the 4th and 7th inst. During church service on the Sabbath we were addrest by Elder Joseph, and by Elder Oliver C. Hampton. The words that were spoken came from experience, and we believe much good will result. Our Brother James McBvide is very 112 THE MANIFESTO. feeble, otherwise the health of our Society is good. As our prospects seem bright in all temporal things, let us ever be mindful of the goodness of God and his mercies, and seek to realize our spiritual ideals in the life that is and that which is to come. John Westwood.