THE SHAKERS AND SHAKER SPIRITUALISM. By Dr. J. M. Peebles. [The following sketch from the pen of Dr. Peebles, is taken from ' The Light of Truth' of May 7, 1898.] Tho several times encircling the globe, I have never seennever found a Christian. I have found Methodists, Baptists, Presbyterians, Mormons, Seventh-Day Adventistsselling, cheating, persecuting, marrying, robbing, fighting and even killing THE MANIFESTO. 103 each other on gory battlefields, and all 'In his name.' But not a Christian, a real genuine, spiritually-minded Christian, did I see. I saw and heard of those professing Christianity, but professing and possessing are very different things. Those professi ng were just as scheming, worldly and wicked as those they condemned for not having a creed fashioned after their own. In fact, they were earthy and fully in line with John Milton's Mythic Demons. On a sunny spring day, I was dropt down from the carriage into the midst of several families or societies of Christiansand what a change! what quietness! what peace! Altho advocating for many years that heaven was only a condition, I was now half inclined to say'It is a placeand I have found it.' Tho the Shakers have existed in America for a hundred years or more, the masses do not seem to fully understand their teachings or the heavenly lives that they live. The Shaker socialism is largely a pattern of an Essenean or Nazarenean communism of Apostolic times. They are a spiritual people. They do not profess perfection, but they are seeking to attain the highest and the purest. I know of no locality where there is so much freedom, real soul freedom, as in Shaker communities, and by freedom I mean liberty, the sweet liberty to do right to come into order and live the better, higher life. These Communities are not as numerously peopled as they were many years ago. This was prophesied by their seers and visionists, and it was further prophesied that ere the close of this century there would begin a great ingathering of ripened souls. The Shakers are a progressive people. They seek the new improvements in machinery, in culinary affairs and also in literature. They will not fight. During the Civil War, in Kentucky, both armies, the North and the South, marcht through and over their farms and they fed both armies from their barns, their storehouses and their tables. They believe in arbitration for the settlement of difficulties. The Shakers have made a practical exemplification of woman suffrage, of woman's equality with man, for a hundred years. In their families the government is held and equally administered by both male and female, the two halves of one circle. Many, very many whom I know would be infinitely better off, physically, mentally, morally and spiritually if they were to gather into these beautiful Shaker homes. Here they would find tender, sympathizing brothers and sisters. Here they would find music, libraries to read, gardens to be cultivated, fields to be tilled, and associations at once refining, loving and spiritualizing. Of course they would not find perfectionperfection does not abound upon this earth. There is but one absolute perfection in the universe, and that is Godbut there is no place where the perfect life is so readily and philosophically attained as in a Shaker community. The above description of what I saw, or heard or know of the Shakers, especially at Mt. Lebanon, is true, and the truth as I see it I will fearlessly speak and fearlessly write, and that, too, if I offend every acquaintance, forfeit every friendship, part with every friend and lose every earthly possession. This is my motto: 'Peace peace if possible, but the truth at all hazards and at all prices.' Indianapolis, Ind.