Enfield, N. H. June, 1898. The daring, heroic deed of Lieut. Richmond Hobson and his associates in sinking the Merrimac in the Santiago harbor to 110 THE MANIFESTO. bar in the Spanish fleet, not only adds another mark of merit to American naval history, but tells in clarion tones of strict discipline and self-surrender to duty's call requiring a whole life in service. !N'o less is required of the followers of Christ, called to battle the evils that war against the bulwarks of truth and virtue,a divine engagement, prohibiting conquests by all things that bear the stamp of unchristliness. 'Grain by grain the treasure's won, Step by step the race is run, Then be patient, toil away, Gain a little every day.' To idly wait for an occasion to do some great deed which idle dreaming may cast upon the glass of transitory imagination, and let pass the many little acts, of fellowhelpfulness each day presents, denotes a slipshod state of morality, a treasure well rusted with sordid selfishness. The fruits of our faith are the acts done, by intellect prompted, and only absolute mastery of self and strong faith in the possibility to gain the aspired-for attitude of spirituality can make chastity's fortress impregnable and her treasures such as bless humanity. Idleness is inconsistent with a Christian life and sweet musings of no inspiring virtue, are the cobwebs of spiritual disease, which if not removed from the life will ultimately deface the whole superstructure of character and active goodness. An inspection of our orchards revealed trees heavily laden with blossoms, foretell ing an abundance of fruit, no unseen foe appearing. Our three strawberry beds, set out and managed by Sisters, Isabella Eussell and Lizzie Curtis, also promise a large crop of our favorite berry. Iron pipe, comprising nine pieces and weighing nearly seven tons, has been pur chased to replace the old wood pipe which has done good service for over half a century at our saw-mill, where over thirty thousand shingles have been sawed this spring by one of our young Brethren. With love to all, we would live out the inspiration of Emerson's grand thought: 'And each shall care for the other, And each to each shall bend; To the poor, a noble brother, To the good, an equal friend.' George H. Baxter.