FAITH. By Jessie Evans. FAITH is distinctly a gift of God to the soul. The natural mind knows nothing of the spiritual insight which is 'the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen;' 'the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him ; neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned.' The mind which grasps only material evidence and believes only what the senses convey to it, can not lay claim to the possession of this essentially immaterial virtue. Faith is far-sighted. It sees the victory beyond the battle, harvest beyond seed-time, calm after storm, plenty after famine, glory after conquest, answer during prayer and fulfillment in promise. Faith is never discouraged, never cast down. Faith breathes optimism. Present conditions, while anything but gratifying are viewed, not as a permanent evil, but as a means leading by its bitter, its serious lessons to an all-glorious end. The exceeding whiteness of soul alluded to by the inspired Revelator was that 'which came out of great tribulation'not untried virtue. Faith is a strong gift, which succumbs to no opposite element. 'Change and decay in all around' we see, human affections rise and fall, fortune's smiles and frowns alternate ; and while at times we are permitted to feel that every wind is in our favor, at others we experience the reverses which make us wary. Faith comes from the heavens to our relief, as an unfailing spring in a deserta deep abiding trust that our God is an arm that is 'not shortened,' an eye that never slumbers, and an omnipresence that takes cognizance of every parching wind of earth that sweeps over us. Like charity, faith 'hopeth all things, endureth all things' and 'never faileth.' Jesus's life was a glorious reign of the Christ faith. The record of his divine ministry shows the extremes of human expression. He was both reticent and aggressive, taciturn and eloquent, persuasive and compulsive, simple yet mysteriousbut all proceeded from the spirit power which was an unobstructed emanation from God to him, and which may be as freely transmitted to us through Christ as mediator. The faith manifested by Jesus, the faith which buoyed his soul even through the death agonies of Gethsemane, 100 THE MANIFESTO. may be ours. How dark, how hopeless is a life unlighted by the sunshine of faith! The eye of the human sees the heavy burden, the weary nerves sink under the pressure of its iron hand, but the eye of faith catches sight of the 'everlasting arm,' which is underneath, always between us and the tri.nl and tho the burden must still be borne, with Christ we whisper, 'My yoke is easy and my burden light,' since the Almighty is with me. 'Without faith it is impossible to please God,' for this is the avenue through which he speaks to his earth children. With what glorious faith is the Lord's Prayer freighted !'for thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever!' Faith such as that which sustained our holy Savior, if sown in the human family, tho only as grains of 'mustard seed,' would revolutionize all the affairs of men. The 'mountain' is 'cast into the sea' at the command of faith ; if we still struggle with the mountain we have no faith, since Christ's words never have been proved false. But carnal reasoning has crept insidiously into our religious circles and its sinister influence clouds the vision. Faith does not stand before the bar of human argument. We should at all times be able to give a reason for the hope that is within us, yet who can 'by searching find out God?' Faith is the breath of the eternal, hence can not be defined by the finite. Can a child tell why he reposes implicit faith in the mother love that is his wing of safety, whatever betide ? Neither are we able by any force of logic to impart to another the history of our heaven-born faith. 'Deep calleth unto deep,' and through spiritual media alone does faith find expression. It is 'as if a man should cast seed into the ground and should sleep and rise night and day, and the seed should spring up and grow, he knoweth not how.' A writer has left this beautiful allusion to the subject; 'With constant faith surpassing doubt I stand and watch the tide go out, That 'twill come back I say to you I do not know, and yet I do. At eventide I see the day Put night on guard and go away, Will morning come the mist to woo? I do not know and yet I do. I see the sere that autumns bring, Will verdure come witli waking spring? My faitli alone can answer true I do not know and yet I do. We see our loved ones droop and die, Hath heaven a brighter life on high? Is death the vale that leads thereto? I do not know and yet I do.' THE MANIFES TO. 101 'The faith once delivered to the saints' has been entrusted to our keeping tiie faith of the martyrs who have died for it, the faith of the holy who have lived for it. It behooves us to stand fast to its behests like men and women of God. The good old gospel ship has not lost one of its timbers. Its crew, few or many, are all '-free volunteers,' the deserter shuns the working force. Passengers leave at all ports; but officers and men are at the post of duty until the voyage is ended. Our spiritual 'stars and stripes' float aloft unharmed by a century's cannonading from the enemy. Faitha living faith borne out in practical righteousnessgives us hourly impulse toward freedom and victory, and doubt dies in its presence. God is God, 'the same yesterday, to-day and forever,' and our faith is anchored there. East Canterbury, N. H.