NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. May. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1897. 56.74 2.25 in. 1898. 56. 3.875 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 80 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 40 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 10 ' ' clear ' ' ' 8 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 13 June, 1898. May has been profuse in blossoms. Fruit trees of all kinds; shrubs, vines, plants and even the mosses have been clad with all the variegated tints that produce beauty and impart aroma to give pleasure to the artistic mind and to suffuse the appreciative senses. If fruits are produced in proportion to the profusion of blossoms we can not reasonably say that we are scantily supplied withfrugiverous aliment. The month has been superabundantly suffused with rain and overshadowed with clouds, so that very little planting has been done either on the farm or in the garden. Upon the whole, the spring months have been quite backward. We have had but eight clear days in May. About the 8th of June we shall have the presence of our Ministry with us for a few days to arrange the program for the summer and then away they will be gone most of the ensuing year. We are infoimed that the Alfred Ministry will be with us some time this week. It is quite an interval since we were privileged to enjoy their company. They will be very welcome. Some repairs are being made for home accommodations, and our tenants. Turn and turn and overturn are the necessajy requisitions demanded if we keep abreast of this progressive age, even if we abstain from battering the fortifications of Spain. We have a paramount duty to keep at bay those discordant passions that make enemies of nations and that produce discord among members of the same family, and as a religious body to maintain the principle and the practice of unsullied peace and harmony that ultimately will result in the Great Millennium, which is the anticipated outcome of the Chiistian Dispensation, when swords shall be beaten into ploughshares and spears into pruning hooks; when cannons, guns, bayonets and pistols, shall be turned into implements of peaceful industry; when war vessels shall be used for commercial purposes only, and nations shall neither learn nor practice war any more. Even so, angels and men speed the day! It is a time of general health in our family, and so far as I know of the Society. May this blessing continue with us, and may we truly feel; 108 THE MANIFESTO. 'Angels e'er are near us. watching o'er our way, We may hear their voices mi;l the toil of day, We may know their presence, giving strength and cheer; Weary not, worry notangels e'er are near.' Calvin G. Heed. North Family. June, 1898. June, lovely June, with its sunshine and showers gives us of its beauties in the springing forth of fruits and flowers. The Brethren, engaged in the necessary sowing and planting have watcht with careful and anxious eye for the growth of vegetation. Fear, many times, has taken possession of the sower lest frequent rains might destroy the tender plants. Eldress Anna White and Sister Ann Offcrd spent a few days in the vicinity of Boston. Much interest was shown by the fiiends there through the investigation of Shakerism, also the subject of Arbitration was discussed bringing up both sides of the question. The Sigters distributed many tracts entitled 'War Positively Unchristian.' On their return home they stopt at Enfield, Conn. The meeting of gospel kindred strengthens the bond of love and friendship which only the true disciple of Christ can realize and appreciate. The article in the Ladies' Home Journal, 'A Wonderful Little World of People,' has awakened many minds to the knowledge that in this beautiful world there is a people who are living in it, but who are not one with it, that pleasure and enjoyment does not necessarily consist in outward or external amusement. The fruits of the Spirit are love, joy, peace and everlasting life. Sarah .1. Burger. South Family. June, 1898. A new season has dawned, a summer of beauty and action lies before us, the resurrection of life in its fullness. Old things are passing away, behold all things are becoming new. With the aid of paint, energy and perseverance a newness of life is being printed on our home, external and internal, and we wonder 'If our home is so beautiful here, What must be our final home ! If things that perish, so lovely appeur, What must it be in the world to come!' We have at present a promise of a fruitful harvest; if a profusion of blossoms is a forerunner of such glad tidings no one need want for the fruitage of the vineyard. Just now we are anticipating a delegation from the East. They will compose our Maine company and be our Maine stay while with us. Decoration day was pleasingly observed by members of Second family with a party from our family who spent a few hours among the graves of many who 'died on earth but live in heaven.' Songs appropriate to the occasion were sung, readings recitations and dialogs were spoken in harmony with the observance of the day. The graves were richly strewn with flowers of the season. Kind thoughts of the departed were exprest as the floral offerings were carefully deposited in memory of the absent ones, and we thought of our dearest friend and Sister, Lydia Dole whose spirit is happy above and ofttimes visits us during the active hours of the day and holds sweet communion with us while we travel through dreamland. The far-famed Shaker chairs of Mt. Lebanon are in constant demand from all points of the compass. They are recommended for their beauty, perfection and comfort. Should any one care For a good Shaker chair At Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. let them call, We have them just right Cherry color and white And can suit both the great and the small. Genevieve DeGraw. Shakers, N. Y. June, 1898. Theke has been evolved from out of the struggle between ths cold of spring and summer's warmth a royal diadem of THE MANIFESTO. 109 roses. Lovely June is now triumphantly enthroned as the leader and director of the forces which will, when the shades of autumn deepen, bring to us the consummation of garners well supplied, we hope, with the products which a bountiful season has placed at our disposal. The diary notes from the travels of the early missionaries who visited the West in the early years of the century are interesting. They went forward with their life in their hands, ready to lay it down at the call of duty. Of such souls are constituted the hero martyrs who by their example have made it honorable to be counted with those who are willing to suffer for the truth. Those who were receivers of that divine light, as well as the mediums through which it was given, know that its promulgation was fraught with dangers that the ordinary mortal would not have braved unless inspired by a zeal and consecration that could make the words of the divine Teacher applicable: 1 ''Greater love hath no man than this that a man lay down his life for his friends.' We have realized of late more than usual the conscious presence of those dear friends who have past beyond the limits of the shadows that to a greater or less extent enshroud our earth life. In our seasons of devotion they have especially manifested their presence to admonish and to comfort those who yet have the battle of life to fight. Hamilton DeGraw.