West Pittsfield, Mass. June, 1898. June, the ideal month of sunshine and beautj is with us once more, and we are enjoying its many virtues, realizing that it will leave us all too soon, and imagining a day in the distant future when we may enjoy preserved June sunshine, taken from the abundance of that month for use during the cold winter. Since our last call at the Home Circle nature has been busily at work. The trees have budded and blossomed in all their varied beauty, and have now cast aside their holiday attire, and are hard at wTork forming the fruits for a harvest by and by. . A step from the artificial brings is to the useful, in the plant kingdom, and reminds us of the stores of hay gathered last summer by the wise people of Hancock. After wintering the stock from the supply and losing between sixty and seventy tons by fire, this spring there has been prest, one hundred ninety-five tons, and one hundred tons still remain. Last week six car loads were sent from our depot to New York. The price paid however, is too low to give satisfaction and the remainder will be kept until brighter days and higher prices appear. Some of our buildings are renewing their youth, at least in appearance, by fresh paint. The Ministry's shop is just completed and is greatly improved. Other buildings are to share the same treatment. The new barn is finisht with the exception of the covering of the roof with tin shingles. The familiar couplet, 'There's never a day so cloudy but a little sun appears' might be reversed t &gt; suit the present occasion with us. for that there's never a day so sunny but a little cloud appears is proved true by the departure of our loved Ministry to-morrow for Mt. Lebanon. But having resolved to be unselfish, we will congratulate our friends over the mountain for the presence of souls so true. As we are writing the door opens and we are introduced to friends from Maine, Eldress Harriet Goodwin, Elders William Dumont and Henry Green, who are making a very short call at our home, for like golden opportunities we hardly realize their presence when we find they have left us, having delivered, however, messages of courage and good cheer. Fidelia Estabrook.