In Memory of our Sister, SALLY CEELEY. By Elder Abraham Perkins. '/'^ OD i8 good to Israel, to such as are of a clean heart;'and such VU~ was the character of Sister Sally. For seventy years I have been acquainted with her life and know whereof I speak. Of her genuine good- 104 THE MANIFESTO. ness, her kindness of heart, her gentleness of spirit, her humility and selfsacrifice, I have seen and known much. With a God-fearing spirit she abounded, ever bearing testimony against every form of evil, tho it cost her suffering, and tho in a degree, it severed friendships she would gladly hold; and yet, with that testimony she exercised care and gentleness, to avoid giving wounds; and knowing such effect it grieved her and reconciliation and pardon would invariably be sought. In the order of the anointed priesthood, a strong faith was early planted in her soul and it was with the greatest care and interest, spiritually vital, that she sought to understand the gift at the altar and the will of those who ministered thereat, so firmly did she believe this to be the means of God for salvation. Indeed there was no rest for her, until she could feel her soul nnvailed before the light resting there, and through that mediatorial order she received blessing. Persistent as was Jacob who would not suffer the angel to go until he blest him, so our Sister wrestled for that spirit and life which crowns her conqueror. Very soon after my admission to fellowship in our Christian church, I met with the dear Sister and learning that from early childhood she had been educated among this people, how pure and innocent must be her life, I thought,how unknown to her must be the sius of this world ; how faultless must she be before God! I ventured to make some such remark to her. Her reply gave me a surprise; it showed me her convictions. 1 perceived she had been with Christ wrho had revealed to her the knowledge of her humanity and an acquaintance with the human heart. Protected as she had been, she discovered in herself a world to overcome. At that early day of my gospel privilege, I was but a tyro; ignorant, comparatively, of the vastness of the Christian work before me and of the weakness of humanity, therefore I was unable fully to comprehend her meaning. Since then, I have had experiences which have enlightened my soul and given me knowledge of the lesson she set before me. I have been in constant attendance at a school which has given me many profitable lessons, given me a key to my own heart and actual knowledge of the work of God unto salvation, clearly delineating the branches of knowledge pursued by our departed Sister early in childhood which, I believe, has given her an honorable and coveted graduation, fitting her for the society of the just made and making perfect and for a home and an alliance with angels. She has left for us a bright example of righteousness worthy our emulation which should stimulate others to 'go and do likewise.' East Canterbury, N. H.