VISIT OF OUR BROTHER, DR. J. M. PEEBLES. By Catherine Allen. the 'Banner of Light' we learned that our esteemed friend and brother of long acquaintance was again to cross the continent, leaving his home in San Diego, California for regions near our home, his object that of attending the fiftieth anniversary of the advent of Modern Spiritualism held in Rochester, N. Y. For a long time he has kept his connection with us only through correspondence, but responding to an invitation from the North family to again visit us in person, he gave a most cordial reply and on April 11, we had the pleasure of receiving him in our home. Since our last meeting, time had whitened his locks, but in his erect form and energetic manner we noted not failure, but rather an increase of vigor, which at the age of seventy-seven gave promise of verifying the teachings of one of his books entitled, 'How to Live a Century and Grow Old Gracefully.' It may interest many to know by what means and to what degree, Doctor Peebles holds the relationship of Brother to our Order. About thirty years since, when attending a convention of Reformers in New York City, at which Elder Frederic W. Evans was present, he felt strongly imprest to acknowledge the latter as a spiritual Father. Moved by this feeling, after the meeting he sought introduction to Elder Frederic, and expressing a desire for a further interview was invited to the hotel where he made known the leadings of the spirit and took the initiatory step by freely opening his mind. He thus practically acknowledged the principle of mediation as establisht in our Church, believing that it would prove to him a protection from the influences of unregenerate spirits and a means of quickening the receptive faculties to a fuller influx from celestial realms. THROUGH 102 THE MANIFES TO. Being a spiritual spiritist and deeply religions, he placed no undue value on the chaff of merely phenomenal manifestations, but sought the living truth that would touch the inuer life and elevate to that high plane to which Jesus referred when he said ;'If I h.i lifted up I will draw all men unto me.' To be ministered to by 'Christ angels' and through conquest of the earthly life within, to hold permanent relationship with spirits in aid out of the body who had thus entered th.' resum ction life, was his expressed desire at the time of his first meeting with Elder Frederic. Subsequently he visited Mt. Lebanon, which he has ever since consideied his spiritual center,the home of his soul. In his recent visit he immediately put himself at our service, and the first evening the Church family met with us for an informal meeting where we heard much of interest, connected with his travels and experiences with people and places. He seemed alive with the Spirit and desired that chairs be . set aside while we entered into the march, but the room being rather small for so large a company, this was deferred till another occasion. As a physician of long experience, and one who has studied man as a triune bung, body, soul and spirit we felt confidence in his advice concerning the treatment of disease. Without denying that matter is matter and that evil is evil, he accepts and teaches what to us seerm the central truth and vital principle of the many Christian Science and Mental Healing theories, that God, goodness, truth and health are positive in nature, evil and disease negative conditions, that all creative and renewing forces work from within outward. He believes that medicines (from the vegetable kingdom) may sometimes be helpful on the same principle that different qualities of food may supply certain deficiencies, intelligent observance of physiological law is always necessary, but most potent of all healing properties is that influx from the divine creative Source, made possible to those who cultivate the receptive faculties to this end. The second evening, the four families of the Society assembled at the Church family to hear a discourse upon things of this world and that which is to come. Rich in instruction and inspirational power were the two hours of our assembling there. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.