Narcoossee, Fla. June, 1898. Fbuit trees and vegetables of all kinds from middle to southern Florida are suffering very much for the want of rain. The Managers of the great St. Cloud Sugar Plantation were at our home last week and exprest a deep feeling of interest about their sugar-cane. They said unless there came rain and that soon, their crop would be an entire failure. If such be the case it will be a bad stroke to Osceola Co. They exprest a very satisfactory feeling as to the looks of our cane, pine-apples and Irish potatoes, all telling the worth of irrigation. For over a month our wind' mill and tank have been in constant use. Our young Believers three in number, have attended to this part of the program while we old settlers have been making three miles more of fence to protect us from the herds of marauding cattle that are now covering the plains of Florida, let loose by their owners in search of pasturage and water in hopes of sustaining life through this terrible drought. Every part of Florida that has not a fence to protect the farmer is free plunder. Our tomato crop, which is the largest we have ever planted, is just beginning to ripen, and judging from present prospects we shall have some to sell and many to can. Corn crop all through the state is a failure and this tells on the poor farmer 75 cents a bushel. Sister Annie Lane is just now putting in part of her time in poultry-raisingthus far it is a success. The old hen hatches tiie chickens and after two days Sister Annie takes them to the Brooder to do the rest. This certainly makes the labor in raising a flock of chickens far less. All information in regard to raising chickens by Brooders can be had from Brother Francis Pennybaker of Pleasant Hill, Mercer Co., Ky. To those who make this a business it is worth their time to look into the matter, for in this way we have not lost a chicken, while with us and with others, it was common at times to lose a third of the brood. A word to the wise is sufficient. Corn and rye ensilage is beginning to be used in Florida and farmers are experimenting as to its worth in the dairy line. Could the dairy business be well regulated in Florida it would improve the advantages of living very much. The whole drift has bten for beef cattle and but very little attention given to the dairy. Life means learning to abhor the false and love the true. Every day teaches us lessors in our new home, and can we only reject the errors and hold to the true we shall finally succeed. Andrew Ilarrett.