CAUSE AND EFFECT. By Hamilton DeGraw. IN comprehending and illustrating this Divine law, we are entering a realm which has been considered too sacred for man. if we are to judge by the methods of procedure by which he has dealt with the mome'itous questions pertaining to his life and destiny. But to deny that there is a realm forbidden him to explore is only proclaiming a truth known to illuminated minds of all ages. He has been debarred only by his inability to understand the facts pertaining to those questions, which will be removed as he develops his capacity for their comprehension. The laws both of heredity and climatic influences are as operative with nations and races as with individual entities; they being some of the prominent causes which have produced the diversified lines of thought manifest in the different races. The effects produced are largely shown in their religious beliefs and with that hold upon the intellect and conscience which makes the efforts to turn the current of national thought into a foreign channel an almost hopeless task. In the efforts to Christianize the old religious beliefs of India which date back long anterior to the foundation of our religious cycle, and rejecting the causes by which they were produced and ignoring the universal truth which underlies the foundation of all religious beliefs, and trying to place them upon false premises has produced the effects which are apparent at the present time. Assertions that they do not sympathize with modern thought and are holding back the car of progress that to outward appearances is moving forward with increasing speed is not satisfactory, for while accepting the belief of all religious systems in the universal destiny of the race, may they not find acceptable reasons for rejecting that which to those who are looking into the interior life is moving on a line which unless changed will culminate in results as disastrous as those which overthrew the nations of antiquity. 'All is not gold that glitters nor wealth that shines,' and in our own country the efforts made to alleviate the unfortunates in life's battle by1 building asylums where they can find relief, and places of refuge where the criminally inclined can be incarcerated and society protected from their depredations is without doubt prompted by feelings of kindness; but it is only dealing with the effects as they are made apparent and neglecting the causes which are productive of such discordant results. When through gigantic combinations of wealth the necessities of life can be advanced in price beyond the limit which the laws of trade demand, and the rights of the people rejected to the extent that millions can be placed to the credit of the combination as witness the recent coal combine, where is the limit to be placed and how will those poverty producing forces be brought under the control of the higher law of love to our fellow man ? By donating 106 THE MANIFESTO. a few thousand to the founding of asylums or to prosecute those unfortunates goaded to desperation by want they may think to quiet their conscience and be represented before the world as her benefactors. But 'the blood of thy brother crieth unto me from the ground' is the voice of the divine Spirit and never before has it been with such distinctness as at the present time. We are not sounding the note of an alarmist who believes that the efforts which are being made for improvement are futile to stem the revolutionary tendencies but whether the transition from the convulsive period of the present to the more perfect one of the coming'time shall be through a peaceful educational development of an understanding and acceptance of the Divine law which says that, while one being created in the image of the Father suffers hunger or cold, or has not the means placed within its reach that it can use for its material and spiritual improvement society has a great preparatory work to do and is on dangerous ground until it is accomplisht. Or will it be as has been the changes of the past through clashing of interests culminating in the arbitrament of war? The pilot that is to direct human life out of the almost interminable labyrinth into which it has plunged largely through ignorance of the laws governing its own life, is the Divine law which says that every effect is the result of a corresponding cause which clears away the mystification that has to the external mind clouded the truth and in the form of creeds and senseless ceremonies made it difficult to understand, when 'the wayfarer tho a fool need not err' in his comprehension if presented unmasked. Geology tells us that the present forms of life retain faint traces of markings by which they can be traced back to the more primitive forms from whence they came and placed in their true order by the divine law of evolution as it has operated in the material world. So in the realm of the spiritual the forms of thought which are the effects of a past barbaric age have left their impress upon the present, but which is passing away through the ability of the soul to more perfectly understand the truth enabling it to discriminate between the forces that are only transitory in their operation and those that are eternal. While in the darkness of night we hope for and have confidence in the coming of morning; so in the present blindness, measures that at best are only temporary in their operation will give place to that knowledge which will go to the foundation of the social structure, placing the temple that will be reared on a basis that is enduring, proving the truth of the words of the Divine Teacher, 'for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.' Shakers, N. Y.