THE TURNKEY No. 2 By Elder H. C. Blinn. As the first human beings evidently cut down trees and then rolled the logs, we may possibly touch the right point by going back to some of those first lumbermen. Jubal Cain according to Biblical history, made organs and har^s, and was in all probability a wood-chopper and a log-roller. These brothers, Jubal and Tubal, were skillful workmen and soon brought out a nicely wrought Canthook. We may be assured that Jubal was pleased, even tho the Bible may be silent on the point. The Canthook was a success in pulling logs out of a bad place, and it was soon seen that a smaller instrument made after the same pattern, would be a nice thing to pull an aching tooth from its socket. Assuming all of this to be correct, we have no hesitancy in believing that Jubal Cain was the first dentist that ever used a Turnkey in the extracting of teeth. Its form may have changed slightly since that early day, but not enough to destroy its original design. Dr. Harris, who publisht his work on Dental Surgery in 1855, would spoil this idea of giving the credit of invention of the key to Jubal Cain, as he says:'For about fifty years the key of Garengeot was almost the only instrument used in the extraction of teeth.' But this does not say that Garengeot did not get his idea from some one of an earlier date. One might easily so arrange his mind as to readily believe that the very same person that invented the canthook also invented the Turnkey, as they are so much alike; and if it could be proved that Jubal Cain owned a saw-mill, the whole matter would be perfectly clear. Altho considerable ingenuity has been displayed in the manufacture of dental forceps they were not made, as a general thing, with such nice adaptability till near the beginning of the present century, and were not brought into general use till 1830. The Turnkey was presented at first, on nearly every occasion, except in the extracting of teeth for children, and for the upper and lower front teeth of adults. It was the custom of the family physician to take with him a small box of dentist's tools, that he might be able to extract a tooth if his services were demanded. As the Turnkey or Dentist's Key was made on the same principle as the Canthook, when it was placed on a tooth, and the physician had hold of the handle, THE MANIFESTO. 127 it was sure to bring the tooth from its socket or break it off in the attempt. Should it so happen that the tooth broke and the roots were left imbedded in the jaw, the key was laid aside and the forceps brought into use, or possibly a hammer and chisel were used to separate the roots that they might be drawn more readily. It was not a pleasant thing to fall into the hands of a heroic physician, in those days, before any preparation of anaesthesia had been discovered. If the forceps failed to extract the roots, other tools were used and they were lifted from their socket, as the farmer lifts a bowlder from the ground. We might anticipate a patient who has through a long day and a still longer night endured the severe pains of an aching tooth welcoming almost anything that would promise to afford relief. A visit to the physician and a brief story of aches and pains might possibly awaken his interest. Quite a lengthy and wise examination must now be made in order to determine what should be done and to see what tools would be necessary for the case. At this date but few persons owned a dentist's chair and the common form not answering the purpose, the patient is ordered while standing to designate the tooth that he wishes to have extracted. Yery few if any questions were askt by the physician, why the tooth should be taken out, as it was enough to know that the patient had askt to have it done. The dentist of to-day kindly proffers his advice, whether or not a tooth should be extracted, and the patient is expected to be governed accordingly. But the dentist with an office, and with an education that fitted him for this special branch of surgery, had not come forward save in a few of the largest cities. In many places the extracting of teeth was even trusted to men who gave evidence of a little mechanical genius, and when it was not convenient to reach a physician, these self-appointed dentists performed the operation. The forceps at this date were quite rude when compared with those now in use, and as a general thing were only for the extraction of the front teeth. At a somewhat earlier day, and especially in places a few miles distant from the city, it was not uncommon for the shoemaker, or carpenter, or even the blacksmith to take upon himself the office of a dentist and do some heroic work. Within the memory of the writer a ludicrous instance of this kind occurred. It was a boy of some twelve years. An aching tooth had brought him to the shop of the old shoemaker. A hurried examination was made and the boy was told to stand near the bench of the cobbler. Taking the boy's head within the circle of one arm, the lancing of the tooth was soon accomplisht. Under the most favorable circumstances a shivering dread passes through the system so soon as a lance or a pair of forceps comes in sight. In this case the forceps were a pair of shoemaker's pincers. They were large, awkwardly made, and wholly unfit for any such purpose. So soon as the little fellow saw those formidable things and learned that they were to be put into his mouth he began to cry from mere dread. The shoemaker, however, retained his grip, but took time to deliver a severe rebuke to his little patient, and then ordering him to stand still, was successful in getting the great pincers into the boy's mouth, and attaching them to on# of the molar teeth. Possibly it may hawe been the right one, but as none of \hem ached at this time, it was difficult to determine. When everything was made right the would-be dentist attempted to display his skill. So soon as he began to pull, the poor frightened boy gave a leap and the pincers slipt from the tooth. The crying of the boy and the scolding of the shoemaker closed the operation, and the little fellow was glad to escape any more torture. (To be continued.)