NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. June. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1897. 63.93 4 in. 1898. 68.33 5.625 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 90 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 46 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 10 ' ' clear ' ' ' H ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 9 July, 1898. Since 1898 was ushered in, accepting the statement of Astronomers, we have taken a free journey on the earth's stupendous railway, without having met with any accident by collision or otherwise, 195,392,000 miles, at the rate of 68,000 miles each day. The Lord's conveyance is far safer than a Pullman sleeping car, and all without charge. We have ridden through six signs of the zodiac, viz.; Aquarius, Pisces, Aries, Taurus, Gemini and Cancer, each including 1800 geographical miles. Having gone so far safely, I shall patronize this safe conveyance throughout the year. Having entered the constellation Leo, we find the Lion's breath rather too hot for unalloyed comfort, but we will abide the heat. It is a busy season of the year, and all hands are plying skill and strength in the line of duty, in making needful repairs* cultivating crops, and gathering small fruits of which we have a plenty for home comfort and some to sell. The wet weather has subsided since July has taken the throne, yet Professor Hicks predicts electrical storms from the 4th to the 15th inst. If the electric bolts strike terra firma, may they choose a place that will do no harm. We have commenced haying in the fields of clover and if we are favored with good weather we shall garner a supply of excellent hay. Potatoes are looking fine and if they are not soakt to death by continuous wet weather, we shall have an ample supply of this esculent vegetable. Crops generally are looking well, but it requires the use of the cultivator and hoe, and also the particular use of the fingers to keep the weeds subdued. The State Road on the mountain is having an additional section put in traveling order. Hands are working the worst part of the road between Lebanon and Pittsfield. New York State has made appropriations for improving the roads in this state. Surveyors are selecting the best line through New Lebanon from the terminal point of the state of Massachusetts. We opened Public Services to-day, July 3. A goodly number of spectators attended and showed markt appreciation of the spirit of the gathering. The speaking and singing were truly devotional, filling TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 123 the entire service with heavenly, inspiring gifts. The health of the family as a whole is excellent. There are none to my knowledge that are not able to take daily rations, and to perform their daily share of manual labor. Thus in blessing we are blest. Calvin G- lieed. North Family. July, 1898. Old Sol seems now in earnest to make up for past delinquencies. Some of the crops may come forward, but peas are almost an entire failure and other garden produce will be late and inferior. Cherries and currants are abundant and are being daily sent to market. Our Sabbath services were opened to the public the 3rd inst. Many better enjoy the seclusion of our home services, but we can not look at it otherwise than selfish, to withhold from others a knowledge of that which we so highly prize, and if we sow not how can we expect to reap? It is reported that Columbia Hall at Lebanon Springs is to have many guests this season. Many letters are still being received as the result of the article concerning our Society which appeared in June number of 'The Ladies' Home Journal.' The greater number of these letters are from those advanced in years or in unfortunate circumstances who think they would enjoy a home among us, while others are from intelligent, high-minded people in whom a deep interest has been awakened to visit and learn directly concerning the principles and life practice of the people inhabiting 'The Wonderful Little World.' A few are from those who seem to feel that a revelation has thus been given them of the means to attain the life and the peace which the world can not give. May we have grace and wisdom to impart to such the needed help. On the 21st. of June we received into our home for a brief tarry our dear friends of long and loving acquaintance, Sisters, Hannah Wilson and Eliza Brown from Enfield, Conn. Only those who have risen into the spiritual life through sacrifice of the earthly, can know of the 'richness and fullness of heavenly love whose interchange makes such seasons of meeting a privilege and joy.' We hope that all of our friends who have seen the many gross misrepresentations concerning the action taken by Alfred H. Love, President of the Universal Peace Union in his efforts for peace between our country and Spain, will also read the facts of the case as stated by himself in the June and July numbers of the 'Peace-Maker' of which he is editor. His long years of earnest and devoted labor in promoting the cause of peace entitles him to our fullest sympathy and support. In behalf of the Brethren and Sisters of North family, Eldress Anna White has written him a letter of appreciation and encouragement which can not fail to be most welcome to one thus unjustly persecuted. Catherine Allen. South Family. July, 1898. June 10, we had the pleasure of meeting the Ministry from Maine. We deeply enjoyed our visit with them; it was all too brief, but we shall long remember them and their pleasant tarry. Tuesday afternoon of the 21st ult. we attended the funeral of Sister Ximena Gates at Second family. As earth to earth was rendered the gates of heaven opened and her soul entered, where the blind see, the lame walk, the deaf hear and the dumb speak; where no darkness nor death can come, but all is life, light and liberty. On the 24th ult. we renewed our acquaintance with Sisters Hannah Wilson and Eliza Brown who spent a portion of the day at our family. They were formerly of Canaan, now hail from Enfield, Conn. Their tarry among us, like the visitation of ministering spirits will add to the happy remembrance of the past. To all lovers of truth we call attention to the article in the June number of the 124 THE MANIFESTO. 'Ladies' Home Journal' entitled 'A Wonderful Little World of People' by Miss Madeline S. Bridges. Slie has gathered many interesting facts during her recent visit at Mt. Lebanon and knows whereof she speaks. The work is richly illustrated, containing photos of people and places of our Ipeautiful hill-side home, arranged especially for the 'Ladies' Home Journal.' Miss Bridges is an interesting writer and a friend of Sister Cecelia DeVere. We hope our friends in the summer land of Florida, the land of orange blossoms and crocodiles, will find much pleasure in their Southern venture, and continue raising cane and all fruits of the sunny South. Kindest love and_ sympathy to our dear Editor. May time and Providence restore him to health and activity again. Genevieve DeGraw. Shakers, N. Y. July, 1898. During the month of June we were very pleasantly interrupted in our usual vocations by a visit from our gospel friends from the state of Maine, Elder William Dumont and Elder Henry Green. If friendship and the bond that holds us in spiritual communion are strengthened by the application of the adage, 'Short visits make long friends,' our alliance must be indissoluble. Yea we will 'remember the Maine,' but with the spirit of peace that makes all those who love our blessed cause and are striving for its prosperity one in spirit and purpose, instead of the revengeful interpretation which at present is given to that saying. We also had a very pleasant visit from our Sisters Emma Thayer and Celia Thorpe of West Pittsfield, Mass. We were glad to hear from them that our good Brother Ira Lawson is imprpving in health. May the angel which cometh with healing in his wings restore him to perfect health. As we write these Notes on this pleasant Sabbath morning, July 3, our thoughts have been moving forward to the contemplation of the probable results of tomorrow. How many realize the true import of and the spirit that should prompt the celebration of our Independence? That it might be a reality in our national life there were those who suffered and gave their lives for their country, and the present generation if they are to hold as a sacred and indissoluble inheritance what has been gained must be prepared to meet the living questions of to-day with the same heroism and confidence in the ultimate triumph of the truth that our forefathers had. Summer has put on her royal robes and the vegetation that has been so backward is at present hurrying forward to complete the task assigned. July 3, gives us the highest registration of the season to date, 98 degrees in the shade. Hamilton DeGraw. West Pittsfield, Mass. July, 1898. We come once more from the Berkshire Hills with a greeting of love for our friends in other homes. We are enjoying the fulness of active, growing summer. It seems to us that we can faintly hear the mysterious forces so busily at work, forming the material for the growth of each tree and plant or flower. Every morning we realize the progression constantly at work about us, and at evening can trace the result of sun or shower by the growth toward maturity of fruit or grain. Potatoes promise an excellent harvest, and the hay crop we think, will exceed that of last year in abundance. While truly grateful for the many blessings which are ours and recognizing the benefit of so peaceful a home, our hearts are filled/vvith sympathy for the brave ones, who beneath the tropical suns of Cuba, are fighting so courageously for a poor and opprest people. Never before in the history of any country has the spirit of unselfishness and courage so actuated THE MANIFESTO. 125 the people, and while we desire the advancement of peace, we pray for the coming of the day when man shall acknowledge the universal brotherhood of man; when the cry of the slave and cruelty of the master shall cease. There came to our family a few days since two Sisters from the 'Canaan-Enfield' family, Hannah Wilson and Eliza Brown. They are traveling toward the west in life's journey and the radiance from a golden setting sun even now brightens their faces, as they impart messages of courage and strength to those whom they meet. They attended meeting with us benefiting all thereby. Sister Annie Case, of Watervliet, also paid us a flying visit, but as the good things of life are best appreciated when not too freely bestowed, we will look forward to a repetition ojf the hurried call. Fidelia Estabrook.