EVOLUTION. By Oliver C. Hampton. ' A ND the Spirit and the Bride say, Come.' This voice of the Spirit _i_A_ and the Bride, is that divine energy, which has been eternally urging the more and more perfect unfoldment of all things, and which in our language goes under the name of Evolution. If we will listen attentively we shall hear it in all the departments of Nature and Grace. It called Abraham out of Chaldea ; it called David to the earthly throne of Israel and Jesus to the spiritual throne of the Universe. 0 my soul, listen diligently to this sublime call, which has never ceast to reverberate through all time and all eternity, and whose word is from everlasting to everlasting, 'come up higher.' 118 THE MANIFESTO. The evolution of man upon this earth, is an unspeakably sublime and wonderful phenomenon. There can be no doubt but he was placed here under the circumstances we find him in, and the environment which followed, for some good and glorious purpose, and altho he is not yet sufficiently developt, to see and avoid the horrors of the mutual destruction of his fellow-man, and his fellow-man of him, still he is rising to a higher altitude of spiritual light and perfection, and ere many centuries, will rub off this barnacle of ancient barbarism. Atheism and materialism are Likely to be utterly annihilated by mere science, leaving out the sweeping, overwhelming evidences against it contained in spiritual inspiration and intuition. For example, the materialist looks to the oft-quoted atom for a foundation whereon to build his theory. If this fails him, what then? And now we hear it announced that the atom is not what we call matter at all, but merely a vortex of energy. So then the central plank of materialism falls away forever. But what if all visible phenomena can be proven to be spiritual in nature? or at least had its origin as an effect, of Spirit as a Cause ? And what is an effect but the end of a cause? So much the better, for now we have only one long magnet to study into, and all the old impossible theories gotten up by the old school of Theology, (as useful as it may have been in its day,) can now be dispenst with, without the loss of any valuable material. The great law of Evolution relegates ignorance and erroneous theories to the limbs of a silent and hopeless oblivion, and altho this is a gradual process, it is none the less inevitable and inexorable. The process when brought ta bear on man, is necessarily painful. How agreeable to the sensual man are the lower lusts and excitements of the rudimental condition! But the edict of Divine Evolution is 'Come up higher' every time. Then comes the cross against lusts and affections, and in favor of purity of life, love, wisdom, peace and glory. I am not the least surprised, that our holy Savior exacted such extreme conditions of sacrifice of those who would follow him. After every outward possession and animal pleasure, then 'his own life also' must be given up. Herewith, the very last cord of individual selfishness is snapt asunder. This consists in surrendering himself entirely subservient to the will of the visible orderthe Institution God has establisht for the evolution, protection, travail, and final salvation of man here below. This was the plan of the Pentecostal Church and Jesus knew it would require just such an institution, to set man on the highest round of evolution he could ever hope to reach. The whole economy of the plan of-Jesus for the elevation of humanity to higher perfection, peace and glory, hinges on this visible order and has its foundation (logically speaking) in the great law Paul gave utterance to,'Without all contradiction, the less are blest of the better.'Heb. vii., 7. Did you ever notice what a beautiful and sublime reference the rapt Proph- THE MANIFESTO. 119 et made to this Pentecostal arrangement of the visible order? If you have not, I will quote it for your delectation. 'And a man shall be as an hidingplace from the wind, and a covert from the tempest; as rivers of water in a dry place, as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land.'Isaiah xxsii., 2. In this sublime arrangement, salvation and peace are found; but none can know this only by trying it, and none can try it faithfully and be disappoint ed. 'The spirit and the bride say, Come.' Union Village, Ohio.