OUR PILGRIMAGE. By Elder Henry C. Blinn. 'Grain by giain the treasure is won, And step by step the race is run.' THIS is so like our pilgrimage through this life,so like the growth of the body and then so like the growth of the soul. Altho there may be a religious revival and a sudden ascendency from wrong to right, from low estates to a seeming exalted Christian character, yet the lesson that we are constantly learning from nature's law, is that everything moves by the law of its being and unfolds with unvarying precision. During the weary term of forty years, the children of Israel were moving from the slavery of Egypt, over the mountains and through the wilderness to enable them and their children to enter the land of Canaan as a free nation. They made a bold attempt to free themselves from the land of servitude and so distanced their task-masters that their exultant voices on the shores beyond the Red Sea, had already a triumphant sound. Altho it was an assured victory, it was only the victory of one degree. They had left the land of Egypt, but that was all. In their manners and customs, in all their appetites and passions, and in their religious belief even to the worshiping of idols, they were exactly as were the Egyptians from whom they had so recently parted. After their exaltation with music and dancing they took up the line of march for that beautiful land of Canaan, from which they had already reAUGUST, 114 THE MANIFESTO. ceived some wonderful specimens of fruit, and which had been represented to them as 'a good land, a land of brooks of water, of fountains and depths that spring out of valleys and hills; a land of wheat, and barley, and vines, and fig-trees, and pomegranates, a land of oil-olive, and honey ; a land wherein thou shalt eat bread without scarceness, thou shalt not lack anything in it.' 'A land that floweth with milk and honey.' But so soon as this nation of Hebrews and the heathen camp followers commenced their journey, the selfishness of human nature began to assert itself, and this favored people, who had inspired teachers sent of God, who had angels commissioned to watch over them, and who had the direct presence of God as a special protection ; with all this care they had not manhood enough to deny themselves of the idolatrous customs of the Egyptians or even to abstain from the food and drink of those omnivorous eaters. They wanted the leeks and garlicks and cucumbers as were provided by their task-masters. 'Would to God we had died by the hand of the Lord in the land of Egypt,' said they, 'when we sat by the flesh-pots, and when we did eat bread to the full.' But the journey to that land of promise, and the life they lived is a long story. The trials and temptations, the struggles to keep in the right way and the enduring of influences from in and out of the body demanded an obedience to the spirit of God, as the only sure passport into the land of plenty. Habits and customs have a tenacity upon the mind that it may take many years to overcome, even when it has been admitted that the habit was wrong. A less sensitive mind may not only ignore a change, but may both by precept and example, hold others from advancing. Jesus accepted this same thought when he spoke of the Pharisees, and said, they would neither enter the kingdom of God themselves, nor suffer those that are entering to go in. In all probability they concluded that the course they pursued was as good as the more modern one, and as it proved agreeable to their idea of right, possibly it was their best way, but it was not a way of personal Christian discipline. It is generally conceded that what defiles one man, will defile all men if they pursue the same course of life, and that which purifies one man will purify all men if they walk in the light, and accept the cross of Christ. On this same line of thought are the words of Mary Hayes Chynoweth; 'There is something more than eating and drinking that a man must overcome. Thinking and feeling wrong will produce poison in the blood and make people believe there is no God. They will fret and get angry and find fault with circumstances.' 'Keep your bodies clean to bear the messages of God. You can not do it by eating the things that poison the blood and bring sickness and death. Think of this and see to it that nothing foul or unclean shall be put into your THE MANIFESTO. 115 mouth, and no thoughts that are unclean and immoral shall proceed from your brain.' If the education of children was continued along these lines of kindness, of honesty, of truthfulness and of chastity, till the coming of more mature years, there would be a wonderful change for the better, on the full development of the mind. ' It is the step by step. The gradual growth from one degree of knowledge to another, and the maturing into that state where the intelligent reason shall guide them into the best conditions that may be known. To those of more mature mind it is the putting away of an education of unrighteousness in its every phase and the accepting of an education in the fulness of righteousness, which is the highest light that God has given to man. East Canterbury, N. H.