Some kind friend has been sending us... SOME kind friend has been sending us The Manifesto in which I find many good things. The current number is especially good, and its contents much in advance of the thought of to-day, and expressing so much truth that will be recognized by all truth-searchers, in which I am glad to enroll myself, tho marching under no especial banner, save the banner of 'Truth' Or 'Good.' There is a 'Free Masonry' that is only felt and recognized by those in the same ranks and it is the sesame that unlocks the treasures of the wealth within and reveals it to the 'whosoever will' may come. Here and there one and another, are awaking to the fact that man has dominion over many things that have had dominion over him^ Our blessed Master and Way-shower taught it and said, 'These things can ye do and THE MANIFESTO. 117 greater' and there is no other way to the Father 'but by me' or by my way 'Follow me.' It is not I, but the Father or Spirit 'that dwelleth in me, He doeth the works.' That same spirit dwells in each and every one of us and it is this that makes us great. I can but think that we have kept ourselves and our brothers down, by only seeing the seeming evil and not looking deeper and thus recognizing the divine and calling the latter into activity. How quickly a child responds to the thought that it is good, or it is bad! Our best educators are recognizing this, and are using the ideals and teaching that those ideals are in each and can be brought into manifestation, that we do not pour knowledge in but we educe or draw it out, and that we are all store-houses of inexhaustible knowledge, having God for the source. When more recognize this, if it is a fact, we must make greater progress Godward than we have done in the times past, when we have thought of ourselves as poor, vile, weak worms of the dust, with no good in us. Emerson says, Lbelieve, 'Evil is unripe good,' just as we might say of an unripe plum or peach on trying to eat it, 'It is not good,' and one that had never seen the fruit in its ripe state or condition could not be blamed for saying, I can see 'no good in peaches and plumsbut one who knew the deliciousness of those fruits when ripe, will wait with patience until that time comes. So we only see the unripe conditions of humanity and judge accordingly; 'but God can see the end from the beginning and knows that all is good. We have only the one ripened specimen of our raceChrist, the Conqueror of death, hell and the gravebut this one is sufficient to show us how glorious mankind is. I believe we are seeking the truth and we can join in speeding the day when superstition and ignorance of every kind may be 'shaken' till the things that can not be shaken may take their place. S. F. T. Tacoma, Washington.