Narcoossee, Fla. July, 1898. Our drought which has continued more or less for six months has finally given way to the earnest feelings of the brainy toilers of the soil whose prayers and desires have been from morning until night for a shower of rain. None came of much account until June o, but within a short time we had two and one half inches, but far too late to save the thousands of drooping crops except where there were facilities for irrigation. This may look to some very discouraging, but not so to the Florida farmer whose pertinacity of feeling to combat with such things is not checkt by defeat. As soon as the rain came the ground was again ploughed, old stubble turned under and a new crop sown. Should we take a consistent view of such conditions, it would soon show us the necessity of something more to rely on for permanent crops than the elements. It is certain beyond a doubt that farming can not be carried on successfully in Florida without some kind of irrigation. The present season demonstrates this truth. Those who have irrigating plants 126 THE MANIFESTO. have in a measure saved their crops, while those who have not were left to see their crops go down among the thousands who have lost all. To those who are looking to Florida for a home I would say look well before you take the step. The irregularity of the seasons has been the source of discouragement to hundreds of honest people who have come] here under the recommendations of dishonest speculators and put in their thousands to build up a comfortable home, and after years of hard labor and toil were compelled to forsake their homes at half the cost and return to their former homes. I would not say this has been the case with all but with a great majority. In the advantages of the soil and climate of Florida it is only the equal of the other states in proportion as one estimates the value of climate over soil, which is to say that while the climate is just about as satisfactory as one would ask for; the soil is not so in consideration of or relation to the world's present knowledge of agriculture. There is some, a large amount in fact, of really good land in Florida, but as a state its soil is poor, being sandy and non-productive. So in order to have a crop the farmer must make his soil. That there will eventually be found something of value that these lands are especially adapted to that will make them equal to other lands, is the hope of many minds. But give me for farming the home of my childhood the hills and valleys of old New England! Andrew Barrett.