RESURRECTED. By Alonzo G. Hollister. Happy are those who truly keep The gospel in its purity; A bounteous harvest they will reap, Their souls well satisfied will be: Who keep their understanding bright, Their mental eye-sight strong and clear, Their spirits shall be clothed in white, With perfect love which casts out fear. 120 THE MANIFESTO. TTTHAT can one desire beyond perfect love ! Love is lifeperfect love V V is perfect life, and perfect joy of life, and is attended with perfect conduct in all the relations of life. It obeys perfectly the law of God, which is the law of life, and'has no other desire than to do the right in every time and place. Consequently, it reaps a full blessing continually, and is clothed with the power of the commandment which it obeys. Once I served God through fear. The Apostle says, 'Work out your salvation with fear and trembling.' I had a fearful conflict in my youthful days and early manhood, through the clash of opposite elements and influences drawing me away from the truth and the cross of Christ. I feared I might miss the mark, and fail of conquering the enemy of my soul,of all souls, and of all righteousness, fail of reaching the goal of my aspiration. Fear hath torment; fear hath restraint, and restraint is torment to the libertyloving. But perfect love casts out fear. I now serve God through love. The contrary desires, the struggle and fear have vanishthave been outgrown, and I have risen to a higher plane of thought and feeling,to a plane where life, much of the time, is ecstatic joy. I had sometimes foretastes of this joy, earlier in life. But then, I had not been sufficiently tried and primed, or purified to have it abiding. Perfect love casts out fear, and the service of love, is free service, and no other service is free. I serve God now through love and not through fear. And it is by obedience to the testimony of Mother Ann Lee, that I am made able to do this,by bearing the cross of Christ against self-will and the carnal life, till all is conquered by the cross. I give this testimony concerning the results of my Christian experience to encourage the young. I saw but one way of happiness for me. Either the angel which came down from above, and who with the aid of my teachers in the gospel, taught me how to overcome the lower nature and compel it to serve, must be obeyed, or the evil elements of this world, would drive out the angelmake it impossible foj the love of God to dwell in my heart, and make it desolate of sympathy, and of all that constitutes true freedom, or life, or enjoyment. There was no middle course for me. I did not desire one for various reasons. One was,it could be only for a short space of time at the longest. For what is man's life-time, or a hundred years, or even a thousand years compared with Eternity? It is less than a needle's point to the whole round world. Another, and the principal one was, it would only delay an issue which .must finally be met, before I could be at peace, with all my debts cancelled. It would be a prolonging of the struggle, and making it a tenfold greater torture, than if immediately taken up and carried to a finish. Mother Ann said, Better ten souls be lost that never heard the gospel than one that has,which signifies a ten fold greater loss to such, and Mother Ann had the gift of God to know by what power she spoke. I wanted the best that was offered, and could not afford to barter the riches of eternal life and THE MANIFESTO. 121 the glories of heaven, for a brief season amid the shadows of time, or for pleasures that sting and stain, and vanish like a morning cloud, or for any of the prizes which the world can bestow. Never have I regretted my choice, nor the struggle it has cost to secure it. Their spirits clothed in white, signifies purity, victory, gladness and rejoicing. White reflects the rays of pure light, and the wearers have become transmitters of light. Is not this the true resurrection, or rising from death to life? With those who follow in the steps of our divine Teacher, this mortal is putting on immortality and this corruption is putting on incorruption, so that when the garment of flesh falls off, because it has ceast to be of further service, the creature is changed as it were in a moment, from its old and temporal, to its new and eternal habitation. It is not the mortal and corruptible that is changed, but the tenant, till then imprisoned therein. For flesh and blood can not inherit the kingdom of God, neither doth corruption inherit incorruption. These are left to return to the elements whence they were taken, while the freed spirit rises to life forevermore. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.