To A. G. Hollister, Dear Friend in Christ... Japan. March 24, 1898. To A. G. Hollister, Dear Friend in Christ;Your very welcome message of Feb. 12, reacht me a few days ago. It is so spiritual and broad in its declaration of truth, I have read it over several times and have also read it to a few friends wTho were delighted to hear it. It gives me great pleasure to become acquainted with a people who are evidently striving after a life no less perfect than that which our dear Master and Way-shower presented and taught us to follow. How evident it is that the mind of Christ is at work, for individuals, tho having never met in person, are of one mind, seeing the same spiritual mysteries by revelation from the Father. Thus we may know and understand each other, tho oceans roll between. Our friendship, unlike that of the human mind, will stand the test of time and eternity. Having risen above my fellow-beings here, I am no longer as one of them, and naturally hunger for the communion of those who are spiritual enough to see the same spiritual mysteries and understand me. You are one of such, and I have a deep feeling of gratitude to have had the privilege of learning of the faith of the body of people to which you belong. I can not understand how men professing to have searched the teachings of the New Testament for centuries are blind to the truths which are so plain to you and me and others. It can only be that they loved the way of the flesh, and so could not develop spiritually. They were willing to give up a part, but not 'all.' ' 'Except a man forsake all th&amp;t he hath, he can not be my disciple.' Blind preachers teaching a blind people, and 'how great is that darkness!' I do not know of any other body of people who strive to 116 THE MANIFE8 TO. follow as closely after the teachings of Christ as the Shakers, and I am glad to learn from one of your books the meaning of that name. At the time of my first distinct revelation, I felt quite alonesince then others have written who understand at least in part, and now I have the pleasure of knowing that you as a body of people have been trying to practice this faith for many years. When I sent out my booklets, many wrote condemning the work, others did not deny its truth, but said it would do harm instead of good because it was premature. The thought came to me, Truth is always premature to those who do not want it. When Christ came eighteen centuries ago, His teachings nailed Him to the cross, but he was not premature. Truth can never be premature, for 'He whose right it is shall reign' and evil should never be. I am glad to learn what I have of sister Ann Lee, and to know of her advanced spiritual life, and the example of her practical life while here. But I do not understand why you call her Mother. Jesus said, 'Call no man father upon earth, for one is your Father which is in Heaven ;' is it not as much principle to call no woman Mother? Since God is the Parent, both Father and Mother, let us be called Brethren for we must become as little children or as virgins who bear no parental title. Did sister Ann Lee work open miracles as did the early followers of Christ? I read your letter to a Bible class of young men (Japanese) this morning and again in the evening to a class of some eight or ten seamen. Our interests are one in Christ, hence we need have no fear of each other. Purity of thought extends the boundary of human friendships and seals them to all eternity. As the 'bride' of Christ, each must prepare his own 'wedding garment,' that when the Bridegroom comes to claim his own, we may be found clothed in pure whitea character without spot or blemish. Yours in that love which binds us together with bands not to be broken even by death, which is to have no power over the righteous. M. B.- - - - -