FROST LESSONS. By Amelia J. Calver. ONE beautiful warm day in October, I wandered out among the vines and plants of our spacious garden, on which so much arduous toil had been bestowed, hoping to find some of nature's gifts which at this season even should have been left for us. Generous had been the sower's hand, faithful the cultivator's; but lo ! far and wide was seen only destruction. A single night of severe untimely frost had destroyed the hopes of days to come. 'Oh' I exclaimed 'why did not the frost delay until the abundant fruitage had ripened. These beautiful warm days are of no use now; the destruction is complete.' And standing amid the frost-bitten vines and fruits, I read two lessons of life which so imprest themselves upon me that they remain indelibly stampt on memory's tablet. In the first lesson these vines seemed to me like a circle of friends, living, growing and thriving together. The warm sun, the gentle rain, the refreshing dews brought forth delicious fruits of promist prosperity and all went well. But the storm came, the winds blew cold, self-control was lost and the cruel, heartless word fell like the biting frost, and the tender fruits of love, peace and confidence were destroyed. The storm past, the sun shone again, but the former growths of beauty and peace, where were they? Only frozen things. 134 THE MANIFESTO. Then I lookt further where I found herbage whose tops were destroyed yet whose perennial roots would after a time, again thrive in the sun and dew, and I said, 'It is not all lost.' There is a principle of growth in some hearts, which will outlive the chill, forgive and forget the frost and grow and thrive as kindly as ever. But these useful tender annuals seemingly lost to all love and forgiveness will they never revive? Ah comes a happier thought. The spring will come again, we will 'resow with worthier seed' and pray the 'God of the Harvest' to perfect the fruitage ere the chilling frosts destroy. That lesson was reviewed and on another page I read a. still more impressive one. Here was a spot which I likened to inexperienced youth. Under the kindly hand of care and cultivation the fruits were fast ripening. But the watchful eye of experience knew that the reckless winds would bring destruction in their wake, and endeavors were made to shield the tender fruits from the destroyer's hand. But alas! not all would be thus shielded, but wandering out from the clustering protection, with heedless independence were left a prey to the cruel frost, and life, growth and usefulness were destroyed, and tho the sun shone warm, and the rains were reviving the once fair fruit was blasted which might have continued its growth until perfected, had they kept beneath the protection given. And again I said ; ' 'Are these all lost too ?' And again I saw perennial piinciples which will repent the past and take on new life and growth. Again I saw the soil for annuals resown, and I knew the 'Lord of the Harvest' would watch to nurture the tender growth. And as I studied these comparisons, I thought O what happiness would be mine if I could so impress the young, the inexperienced to stay beneath the kindly protection of obedience and of love, until age and experience shall perfect the fruit beyond the danger of destructive frosts. How many heartaches would be saved for those who see in purity and culture their only growth, and how much tender fruit might be saved which seems uselessly lost. But thank God that in this day of enlightened revelation there is no eternal doom. There is always a way back to the path of safety and virtue. It is never too late to repent, and for those who strive with an earnest purpose, there is always a helping hand. So with hope and courage let us look forward to the new perennial growth,, and the tender thriving of new seed. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.