TRIBUTE OF LOVE. By Joseph L. Berne. [ Written in Memory of Eldress Louisa Farnum, who departed this life June 2, 1897. At White Water, Ohio.] Louisa Fabnum came among Believers with her mother when a small child, lived the life of a Christian Believer, and died with the harness unrusted, a noble follower of Christ. Eldress Louisa needs no tribute to her memory, her life was a perfect pattern of holiness, and her gospel children can 'rise up and call her blessed.' If ever there was a truly good woman, that was Eldress Louisa. I knew her well when I was a young man, and she was the Elder Sister of the Center family. She managed all under her control with Christian love, above all setting an example of what her faith was, by good works. I can see her now at her work, always busy, a good word and pleasant face encouraging all that came in contact with her. Her influence was unbounded and entirely unselfish, for the good of every one and the Society at large. She was truly a wonderful woman and had her life been thrown anywhere, among any people, her influence would have been felt and controlled the many, for Louisa Farnum was not a common-place person, but endowed with sound sense and profound judgment. Her labors of life are ended and she is called up higher. This truly good mother in Israel has left her children in the gospel, many examples of patience and a holy life, that made her countenance that of open truth. When I last saw Eldress Louisa, she had grown quite feeble, but the fire of zeal was there yet and the same pleasant face bade me welcome. We all loved her who knew her, whether among the Shakers or outside. She has gone to her reward, and has indeed past many places of crusht hearts, and felt the bitings of the chisel that moulded her life into that which was beautiful and grand, for I knew of many severe trials, and deep waters of anguish her soul past through and came out of the fire refined. She has faithfully workt and earned her everlasting reward. One of the brightest of stars in God's Kingdom that ever graced the household of White Water, her journey is over, the burden of life laid down, 144 THE MANIFESTO. and she has entered those mansions of joy, prepared for the pure in heart in God's everlasting Kingdom. Memphis, Tenn.