Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. July. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1897. 14.3 15 in. 1898. 75.3 2.125 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 94 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 48 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 6 ' ' clear ' ' ' 16 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 9 August, 1898. We have past the summer solstice and shall soon be face to face with the autumnal equinox. It is arranged that twice a year the days and nights are equal from pole to pole. There seems to be an aim at a semblance of equality in mundane conditions, and as earthly arrangements are said to typify the ethnical, ethical and spiritual relations of the human race, as anticipated in the era of the great Millennium, when all shall stand on the plane of equality, where there are neither rich nor poor; where all are partakers of the bounties of kind Providence, 'Where God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; where there shall be neither sorrow nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain; for the former things are past away;' the conditions in this anticipated era of superlative happiness will by far exceed all the deductions drawn from present mundane presentations. It is well to have anticipations of future improved conditions of humanity, as it forms an impetus to induce us to strive for its attainment. So let us be faithful in our day and calling, that it may not be said of us as it was to the Church of the Laodiceans,'These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true Witness, I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot. So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth.' Well as to present conditions, we are favored so as to have a plenty to eat and to drink. New potatoes are served as a change from those of last year's growth. Peas have proved nearly a failure; but cultivated raspberries and blackberries have done well and are relisht by the majority. Cherries have been abundant and have engaged the attention of several pickers for many days. Apples and pears are now in use. All of these with fresh vegetables are pleasant to our hungering appetites. July has been a pleasant but rather dry month up to the 25th; since this date we have had an abundance of rain. Harvesting of hay and grain is occupying the strength of hands and teams. The potato and corn crops look splendid. The hay crop is excellent. The oats are affected with rust, but they are well filled and are being cut. THE MANIFESTO. 139 We are anticipating a pleasant visit with Elder Henry C. Blinn, who is now only four miles east of us. We expect before long to shorten that distance by four miles. In the Church family here, all are up and in duty serving God with heart and hands. Calvin G. Reed. North Family. August, 1898. Nearing the harvest time of the year we ask, are we not continually in the harvest time of life? are we not reaping today what we sowed yesterday, and can we look with pleasure to our future reaping? If we are in the ever living present, we need not dread a dark shadowy future. Life comes to us as we draw from living or stagnant wells. To lay down our spiritual energy, and think to subsist upon what we have already garnered will not satisfy. The manna, in days of old, needed to be gathered every day to meet the demands of the people, and the spiritual manna should descend upon us continually or else our souls perish. But what of the material harvest? Sixteen bushels of beans have been pickt and canned for winter use. Blackberries are growing abundantly, careful training by good Brethren make it quite easy picking, but never-the-less thorns and briers cause many an exclamation from young hearts who have not learned as yet how to avoid the piercing sting. Fifty letters have already been received in consequence of the recent article in 'The Ladies' Home Journal,' some asking for further information, others as applicants into our home life. We hope, through the guidance of divine wisdom, souls who are hungering and thirsting for the bread and waters of spiritual life will feel thir needs supplied. Sarah J. Burger. South Eamily. August, 1898. Again we pause in our daily occupation and find leisure for Home Notes. Our hay crop is of the finest; all grains have yielded a splendid harvest. Potatoes are superior in quality and plentiful in quantity compared with last year's growth. We have some splendid blackberries and raspberries of home cultivation, so find no&gt; need of borrowing or begging from the mountain heights tho we greatly enjoy our rambles up the cragged peaks of the glorious hills in search of blue berries, which are quite a failure this year. We have secured some and hope to make sure of more in a few days. We learn that our Editor-in-chief, Elder Henry C. Blinn is just a little way over the mountain with friends at West Pittsfield. We hope he will deem it wise to call on his Mt. Lebanon friends before his return home. We are all anticipating his coming in the near future. Eldress Annie Case, of the Watervliet South family, in company with Mrs. Maggie Barthwick of Albany, made us a hurried visit one afternoon in July. Sister Marion Scott, of the Sonyea family at Watervliet, made us a brief but interesting visit a few weeks ago. We are ever glad to meet our friends from far or near, all bring sunshine and brightness with them. Genevieve De Grata.