THE TURNKEY. No. 3. By Elder H. C. Blinn. The attempt of the blacksmith to play the dentist, far exceeded that of the shoemaker, and proved a sad disaster to the patient. This case will be found illustrated in Fitch's Dental Surgery, page 341 and is in part as follows ; 'In the year 1830 one Mcllhenny of Back Creek, Va. called on a blacksmith by the name of Snyder, for the extraction. of the upper second molar, on the right side. Snyder was considered an adept at 142 THE MANIFESTO. extracting teeth with the blacksmith's pincers. He had powerful muscles and was well calculated to tear the teeth from their sockets. He seated his patient on the ground, and holding his head back as in a vice, placed the pincers partly on the right tooth. Taking the handles in both hands he gave a tremendous pull. The fangs of the tooth were greatly bifurcated, and the jaw bones proved to be too weak for such a strain. Suddenly a part of the jaw was torn away, and with it six of the sound teeth.' A similar case to the above is publisht in Harris' Dental Surgery, page 361. This operation like the above was at the hands of a blacksmith and occurred in Jackson, N. C. 'In attempting to extract one of the superior molar teeth, he brought away a piece of the jaw, containing five other teeth.' These extreme cases, however, do not occur every day, which is our great consolation. It seems like a fearful accident, and should warn every one to exercise great care, in whom they place their trust. But the Turnkey in the hands of the dentist has also made some sad records, and two and three teeth have been pulled from their sockets, when one only, should have been taken. It is no wonder that Dr. Harris calls the key a 'dangerous instrument, which is only fit to mask the unskillfulness of the operator. It is one of the most defective of surgical instruments and no practitioner of good sense, being convinced of its mode of action, would attempt to employ it if he wisht to extract a nail from a hole, if he did not desire to break the wall.' An illustration of this inquisitorial key can be seen in Bell's Surgery, Vol. 4, Plate 4(5 and on the adjoining page, the figures of two instruments that were invented in Europe for the extracting of teeth. These last are nameless, but one of them is an exact representation of the 'Canthook' that is used by the lumbermen. It is fortunate for those who have any teeth, that the above oider of dentists and their special instruments of torture are becoming less and less. Under the management of the family physician, serious accidents did not very frequently occur, but there were incidents not really pleasant, and at the same time, to both physician and patient, not very agreeable. The case of the doctor dentist who had his student in attendance to witness the extraction of some teeth, is to the point. After a long preliminary lecture on the use of forceps, and the correct way of using them, he remarks;'Now, you must do like this,' and placing the for- ceps, on the tooth, he made one motion and broke the crown from the root. An apology followed, and of course, the fault was in the tooth. The student must understand that such cases, altho rare, would sometimes occur, and could not, possibly, be avoided. The forceps were then prepared for another tooth, and the student was to observe just how it was done, in order, even, to avoid an accident like the first. The forceps were again adjusted, amid a flourish of words on practical dentistry, and a first class job was to be the result. As the hand tightened on the handles of the forceps, and a pressure was brought to bear upon the tooth, it broke from the root exactly as did the first. After a few words, a few looks and a few gesticulations, the student's lesson in dentistry ended for that time. Sometimes the physician met with wellearned success. He says to his patient, 'Sit down on the floor.' Then taking the patient's head between his knees, he reaches for his lance. With this he cuts the gums from the tooth. It is a painful operation and especially, should the lance slip and cut an unpleasant gash across the adjoining tooth. This operation over the physician passes to the table for the purpose of preparing the 'Turnkey.' An old silk handkerchief is twisted around the instrument to form a pad, that in breaking the tooth from its socket, the fulcrum may not hurt the jaw too severely. THE MANIFESTO. 143 The doctor dentist is now ready: the turnkey is ready, and the patient with his head between the knees of the physician is also ready. The adjustment of this inquisitorial instrument occupies several minutes. Possibly this bungling mass of rags and iron, and the doctor's fingers, which last have been added to hold the ckiw in place, till the pressure was applied, are all in the patient's mouth. All these may be removed for a second inspection, that he may be sure not to pull two teeth instead of one. The claw and rags and fingers are again pusht into the mouth, when with one vigorous turn of the key handle, the tooth is thrown upon the floor, With all the dread of waiting for the several varied processes of preparation, and the savage cruelty of tearing out the tooth, there is a fractional relief to know that the job is over. Very few persons at the present day will share the experience of having a tooth extracted with a 'Turnkey' or Dentist's key or even with a lumberman's 'Canthook.' But for a genuine specimen of first class torture, that is to be consummated in so short a time, this form is especially recommended for trial. Indeed, laid on the shelf. This is the fate of many of the instruments that have been used in the extracting of teeth. Especially true is this of the 'Turnkey' and 'Dentist's Canthook,' which may now be found only among the curiosities of a cabinet. I have before me specimen of the above Dentist's tools, and regret that I can not learn the name of the last one, unless it is the same as I have written. East Canterbury, N. H.