WHAT IS IT TO BE SPIRITUALLY MINDED? By Annie R. Stephens. HE who discovers new forces in nature that uplift humanity to higher altitudes, is a benefactor to all times. A century ago the noble Franklin caught the lightning from the cloud, and since then man has harnest this subtle force to do his bidding,a willing and obedient slave. The first message flasht across the ocean was, 'What has God wrought,' and well may we re-echo this when we think of the marvels of electricity. What electricity has been to the nineteenth century, the power of mind will be a similar, if not a greater force to the twentieth. Men have been thinking since the Creator endowed them with the faculty, but the majority of mankind have tended downward instead of upward, they have thought from the outer rim of being, instead of the divine center. Thought is a force, and all forces unless directed in their legitimate channels are destructive. Full well we know the destructive force of evil thought, in the lust, greed, selfishness and disease exprest in human lives. 'Who knoweth the spirit of man that goeth upward, and the spirit of the beast that goeth downward to the earth?' That spirit that goeth upward is the power of 136 THE MANIFESTO. pure, exalted thought; and the spirit that goeth downward to the earth, is the power of sensual thought that seeks gratification through the senses, wasting the life forces that should be directed in the channel of holy desire*. Paul refers to the 'carnal mind' and to the 'spiritual mind,' when he says, 'I find a law in my members, warring against the law in my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin and death.' To those who would be spiritually minded, who seek to live on the higher plane ol existence, the inevitable conflict must go on between the carnal and spiritual mind. Which one of us can claim that on all occasions we think that which is purely upright ? Which one of us can claim that our higher will holds in absolute control that mighty current,mind force ? Who can claim that they have brought into subjection to the law of Christ, all the turbulent elements of the soul? Few have risen to such altitudes. We are all pilgrims seeking perfection, and may keep before us that bright hope, that we may yet be perfect, even as our Father in heaven is perfect, tho it may require conflict after conflict, and a life-long struggle before we know of the supremacy of the God-life within. 'My mind to me a kingdom is,' said a great philosopher. How may we rule and reign in this kingdom of mind as the absolute authority? ' How may we assume the rightful sovereignty over this vast domain, that reaches from earth to the stars, from the finite to the Infinite ? 'If thine eye offend thee pluck it out;' this must mean if thy thought offend thee pluck it out, and cast it from thee. Are we dissatisfied with our mental or moral states ? do we wish to reconstruct our own souls that they may reflect more clearly the divine image within? then we must begin with the smallest flaw in our characters; it may be a thought of vanity, of self, of envy, no matter what it be if it stands as a barrier between our soul and the light of truth. If we have yet to learn, not only to control our thoughts, but to overcome evil with good by transforming the low desire into the pure gold of spirituality, we are yet slaves, and not conquerors in our own domain. The laurel-crowned victor of the coming age will not be the blood-stained hero, but he who ruleth his own spirit; and in ruling his own spirit, man will yet discover latent potencies within his own mind that will rise up and crown him king, through which he will control all the forces of nature; for is he not made to have dominion over all things ? When mankind realize that through their higher spiritual thought, they are brought into oneness with the Infinite Spirit, they will be able to do all things through the indwelling Christ. As light penetrates darkness and overcomes it, so the thought of good is stronger than the thought of evil; and is it not the grandest truth of the age, that man can so control and direct the powers of his mind, as to find the triumph of health over disease, goodness over evil and truth over error? By correct thinking he may bring about those Millennial conditions that bring forth love, wisdom and justice in the earth. THE MANIFESTO. 137 Down through the years men have hired preachers to do their thinking for them, and relied upon them as infallible guides, instead of seeking a knowledge of the truth that would make them free indeed. 'We revert with pitying thoughts to the serfdom of the body, but mental servitude is far worse. Mankind have been content to drift with the downward current of thought; have tethered their Ship of Progress to the shore of conservatism and filled it with the ballast of tradition, creeds and various forms of ancient thought. A new age has dawned upon us, already we feel its thrilling tide of life, awakening us to the consciousness of the life of God in the soul of man. A new thought is rapidly filling the world, that ultimately will displace prejudice and selfishness, and win human hearts over to altruism and brotherly love. It is astonishing to learn of the various methods for spiritual culture adopted in all parts of the civilized world. The 'Whole World's Soul Communion' will yet, through the concentration of its silent, soulful force, conquer the world to truth and righteousness. The increase of books, magazines on topics pertaining to higher thought; and classes for mental and spiritual culture, predict that thought, not swords; that ideas, not cannon are the conquering forces of the New Age. What is it to be spiritually minded ? It is to keep the mind continually suffused with uplifted thought; to keep the windows and doors of our mental mansions forever closed against any inharmonious, intruding element. The wonderful power of mind has been likened to a camera, that reproduces, on a rightly prepared plate, exact pictures of material objects ; so the mind, with a greater exactness photographs all mental action, thoughts and ideas on its plastic substance. Would we hang the corridors of our souls with beautiful pictures ? then we must think that which is true and pure, image that which is beautiful and enduring. By habitual contemplation of lofty ideals, we may make our mind a mansion to dwell in, a treasure-house to explore. 'Mind is a thing of progress. It is made to grow, not to remain stationary ; there is no limit to its knowledge and Grod-like capabilities. Exert it strongly and wisely and it will soon stand among the sons and daughters of light, and shine among the cherubim and seraphim of the eternal world.' ' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.