PERSECUTIONS OF THE EARLY SHAKERS. AS Samuel Johnson, a minister of the Presbyterian Church was engaged in prayer, several persons hurriedly entered the building and rudely dragged the praying brother from the meeting. After a mock trial before the British Justice, he was taken to Albany and charged with saying,'People can not follow Christ and live in wars and fightings.' For this remark he was imprisoned in the jail of the old City Hall. Deacon Fairbanks of the village of Harvard, Mass, was interested to have a mob drive the Shakers from the town, and procured two barrels of cider for his company. Four ministers were chosen as a committee, and Zabdiel Adams was selected as speaker. On meeting the Shakers, he remarkt; Are you willing to take up arms against Britain? Elder William Lee replied,I have never killed a creature with a gun, 'in my life. But, said Adams,Are you friends to America? Yea, said Elder James Whittaker;We are friends to all the souls of men. But, supposing, said Adams, that one of your people should go into the war and should live to return to his home, would he not have to confess it was a sin ? Yea, said Elder James, if he, himself, believes it to be a sin, but we do not bind men's consciences. The speaker then turning to Aaron Jewett, said ;When you confest your sins, did you not confess that going into the army, was a sin? Aaron replied,I was so far from confessing it as a sin that I never once thought of it. The Committee then returned to the mob and reported,We think the people better let the Shakers alone. A mob of four hundred persons including ministers and deacons and honorable men of Society, as well as a coarse and vulgar company, being armed with whips, canes and cudgels, entered the village of the Shakers of Harvard, THE MANIFESTO. 133 Mass, and demanded the Elders to come forward and give themselves up. Many of the Shakex-s were on their knees, in prayer to God, that they might be guided in the spirit of Christ. The mob soon burst open the doors and roughly seizing the Brethren and Sisters, by their garments, or by the hair, inhumanly dragged them from the house. In this company of Shakers were some one hundred persons who came from other towns and even from other states, and these the mob had decided to drive out of the place. The infirm and those advanced in age, who did not walk so fast as their inhuman drivers thought proper, were rudely admonisht by a severe stroke of a whip or some other instrument of torture. For three miles or as far as the town line, the Shakers were whipt and kicked or beaten with canes and clubs. One brother had his arm broken, and another had several teeth knocked out. Jonathan Bridges was whipt nearly every step for a quarter of a mile, and became so faint that he fell by the side of the road. Neither sex nor age was regarded in this indiscriminate lashing and beating. After all these cruel persecutions, the Elders would kneel in prayer to God, with this petition,'Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do.'