NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. July. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1897. 14.3 15 in. 1898. 75.3 2.125 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 94 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 48 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 6 ' ' clear ' ' ' 16 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 9 August, 1898. We have past the summer solstice and shall soon be face to face with the autumnal equinox. It is arranged that twice a year the days and nights are equal from pole to pole. There seems to be an aim at a semblance of equality in mundane conditions, and as earthly arrangements are said to typify the ethnical, ethical and spiritual relations of the human race, as anticipated in the era of the great Millennium, when all shall stand on the plane of equality, where there are neither rich nor poor; where all are partakers of the bounties of kind Providence, 'Where God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; where there shall be neither sorrow nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain; for the former things are past away;' the conditions in this anticipated era of superlative happiness will by far exceed all the deductions drawn from present mundane presentations. It is well to have anticipations of future improved conditions of humanity, as it forms an impetus to induce us to strive for its attainment. So let us be faithful in our day and calling, that it may not be said of us as it was to the Church of the Laodiceans,'These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true Witness, I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot. So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth.' Well as to present conditions, we are favored so as to have a plenty to eat and to drink. New potatoes are served as a change from those of last year's growth. Peas have proved nearly a failure; but cultivated raspberries and blackberries have done well and are relisht by the majority. Cherries have been abundant and have engaged the attention of several pickers for many days. Apples and pears are now in use. All of these with fresh vegetables are pleasant to our hungering appetites. July has been a pleasant but rather dry month up to the 25th; since this date we have had an abundance of rain. Harvesting of hay and grain is occupying the strength of hands and teams. The potato and corn crops look splendid. The hay crop is excellent. The oats are affected with rust, but they are well filled and are being cut. THE MANIFESTO. 139 We are anticipating a pleasant visit with Elder Henry C. Blinn, who is now only four miles east of us. We expect before long to shorten that distance by four miles. In the Church family here, all are up and in duty serving God with heart and hands. Calvin G. Reed. North Family. August, 1898. Nearing the harvest time of the year we ask, are we not continually in the harvest time of life? are we not reaping today what we sowed yesterday, and can we look with pleasure to our future reaping? If we are in the ever living present, we need not dread a dark shadowy future. Life comes to us as we draw from living or stagnant wells. To lay down our spiritual energy, and think to subsist upon what we have already garnered will not satisfy. The manna, in days of old, needed to be gathered every day to meet the demands of the people, and the spiritual manna should descend upon us continually or else our souls perish. But what of the material harvest? Sixteen bushels of beans have been pickt and canned for winter use. Blackberries are growing abundantly, careful training by good Brethren make it quite easy picking, but never-the-less thorns and briers cause many an exclamation from young hearts who have not learned as yet how to avoid the piercing sting. Fifty letters have already been received in consequence of the recent article in 'The Ladies' Home Journal,' some asking for further information, others as applicants into our home life. We hope, through the guidance of divine wisdom, souls who are hungering and thirsting for the bread and waters of spiritual life will feel thir needs supplied. Sarah J. Burger. South Eamily. August, 1898. Again we pause in our daily occupation and find leisure for Home Notes. Our hay crop is of the finest; all grains have yielded a splendid harvest. Potatoes are superior in quality and plentiful in quantity compared with last year's growth. We have some splendid blackberries and raspberries of home cultivation, so find no&gt; need of borrowing or begging from the mountain heights tho we greatly enjoy our rambles up the cragged peaks of the glorious hills in search of blue berries, which are quite a failure this year. We have secured some and hope to make sure of more in a few days. We learn that our Editor-in-chief, Elder Henry C. Blinn is just a little way over the mountain with friends at West Pittsfield. We hope he will deem it wise to call on his Mt. Lebanon friends before his return home. We are all anticipating his coming in the near future. Eldress Annie Case, of the Watervliet South family, in company with Mrs. Maggie Barthwick of Albany, made us a hurried visit one afternoon in July. Sister Marion Scott, of the Sonyea family at Watervliet, made us a brief but interesting visit a few weeks ago. We are ever glad to meet our friends from far or near, all bring sunshine and brightness with them. Genevieve De Grata. Shakers, N. Y. August, 1898. The public press has recorded the translation of one more of the veterans who battled for the releasement of our nation from the thralldom of chattel slavery, he has joined the church triumphant Parker Pillsbury in his association with those valiant souls Garrison, Philips and Sumner formed a host who were invincible and could not be defeated. We have perused with a great deal of pleasure and profit 'Acts of the Antislavery Apostles,' by his pen. The coming generation could be benefitted by the study of those lives, reviewing their conflicts and their victories, preparing themselves, to deal intelligently and with decision 140 THE MANIFESTO. with the questions that to-day are demand ing a righteous adjustment. We have had beautiful weather for our grain and hay harvest, some three weeks past during our harvesting season without rain. While some other crops were needy the excellent quality of this harvest will more than compensate. We will again speak approvingly of the subject matter in the Aug. Manifesto. The excellent ideas there illustrated must have a beneficial effect. Where one listens to a verbal sermon one hundred peruse it when publisht where it can be circulated among the masses. The age is a reading one and tho our Manifesto may occupy only a little of the space and time given to the perusal of the ideas publisht and placed before the public some of which are wise and some otherwise; yet we believe it has its mission and should be sustained not by caustic criticisms but by holding up the hands of the editorial department in their efforts to place before the public that which is for the benefit of the masses, and willing to give time and means to forward this end. Long live The Manifesto and our veteran editor. Hamilton DeGraw. Enfield, N. H. August, 1898. Among friends entertained the past month, was Mrs. Chestina Hutchinson Wooster, who is engaged in the W. C. T. IT. work, and who gave us an excellent discourse upon Christian Citizenship. The Christian citizen, she said, will not only support those who preach the kingdom of God, but he will have it his duty to inaugurate that kingdom by his own daily life,by his influence,all placed in the balance against unrighteousness. There is corruption in high places. Men divorce their citizenship from their religion. Their prayer and their act conflict. They choose among evils, of two evils, sometimes the least, when they should discard both. In this holy war of righteousness against unrighteousness, we need not so much be fighters as buildersmen who live and act by a habit within, of definite convictions on the important questions the people's lives, having the courage to advocate civic righteousness and defend its cause. 'Grand, square and upright' are the characters demanded to work for God and home, who cease to be competitors and become comrades in the onward march toward grander developments of manhood and Christian duty. We also had the pleasure of again welcoming to his old home, our reverend father, Elder Abraham Perkins, of East Canterbury. As he went among the inmates of his former home, his physical sprightliness and mental activity convinced us that ninety-one years had dealt well with him, and that he had wisely kept the vigor of life that yields untold soul wealth to the faithful pilgrim. True it is, 'When each fulfills a wise design, In his own orbit he will shine.' George H. Baxter. East Canterbury N. H. Aug. 1898. Not for ten years, at least, has such a heavy crop of hay presented itself for storage. We shall not pull down our barns 'and build greater,' however, tho ingenuity has been taxt to its utmost to take advantage of all available space of shelter for the same. The upland haying closed on the 15th inst. Early apples furnish abundant dessert, and late varieties are to be not a whit behind except in time. We have occasion to be very grateful that this New England staple is so prolific. The Baldwin, Virgin and Porter varieties are especially full and fine. A large strawberry bed is gradually establishing itself in the midst of the vegetable garden, and next year we may write more particular statistics. Ensilage corn has far outstript the human race, being twelve feet tall at present writing, and some one ventures the perti nent fact that it is co(r)nstantly growing. THE MANIFESTO. 141 Three huge silos stand gaping to receive it, but 'patient waiters are no losers' in this case. A heavy crop of peaches is weighing down the branches of the trees, but quite lifting us up at the prospect. Peach year comes here only once in seven, so say old residents, hence is a special favorite. Sisters visit neighboring beaches at this season to solicit patronage for our manufactures. Eeports from them strike a chord not inharmonious with Home Notes and we are glad to remember that in seeking first the kingdom of God and his righteousness to us are ensured 'all these things' necessary to maintain the representation of that kingdom on the earth. Jessie Evans. Narcoossee, Fla. August, 1898. Notwithstanding the cold weather, the dry weather and the wet weather there is plenty of life left in the old land of Florida. From nearly all sections of the state comes the cheering news that the orange crop will be good. There was a large summer bloom this year and the late crop will be quite large. Our work through the month of .July has been long and arduous. It consisted of fencing a five hundred acre lot on the south side of our lake, to be rented as pasture. The rounding up of our cattle called for a week of hard labor on horseback. The remainder of the month between showers has been filled by planting our crop of sweet potatoes, which is done by resetting the vines or tops which are cut from 12 to 14 inches long. Our cattle, which have been free to roam over our vast acreage, have stood the drouth far better than we expected. The fires that were constant and almost over every part of our plantation destroyed large amounts of feed and this caused the cattle to narrow down on the feeding grounds. Even the muck, the best part of the farming land, took fire and in some places burned for months^ causing quite a sensation among the farmers as to their pasturage, but since the winter rains have commenced and the fires have gone, the farmers begin to have a little hope that the hard times are past, and the indications of returning prosperity are here. It is true, the people here have but little money, but they are at work, and the crops of peas, potatoes, hay and velvet beans are exceedingly large. Added to these the sale of cattle which is now opened with Cuba, looks to be the salvation of the country, which is a thing now hoped for. 'As thrashing separates the corn from the chaff, so does affliction purify virtue,'' a well-applied motto to the Florida pioneer from the first day to the present time. It has been a thrashing work, and we have; realized very little wheat from our labor. True! physically we are resurrected from the every winter sore throat and all other lung diseases, with the exception of our good Sister Nancy Dow, who has been troubled all her life, more or less with inflammatory rheumatism and believed she could find the elixir of life by removing to Florida. It has, however, been a sad mistake, Florida climate can never cure rheumatic people, and she now lies patiently waiting the call of the Boatman topass over to the other side where she can enjoy a fulness of health. Andrew Barrett.