AM I A CHRISTIAN? By Jessie Evans. TTTE live in a day of adulteration and deception. In the market that VV which is warranted to be 'absolutely pure' is proved to contain foreign elements, and an article whose manufacture costs so much is deemed cheap at a price twice its real value. The mercantile world seems to be a race for shrewd bargains, and the shrewdest are its heroes. This deceptive policy has found its way into the religious world to quite as alarming an extent. What can be more indiscriminate than the use of the term Christian ? Under its sanctity thousands of denominations have sprung up, each claiming the nearest kinship to Christ's doctrine yet each in turn dissenting from the creeds of other churches. Catholic and Protestant alike hold dear the name of Christ and before the Christian altar the world nominally bows the knee. We put the question here and there : Are you a Christian? and we receive either a ready affirmative or at least, 'I hope so.' Only those who have outwardly fallen from the world's approved standard of moral rectitude shrink from meeting the question. But the lower tJie standard before which we answer this vital question, the better appears our personal standard and the freer is the response. A deep conception of the true meaning of the word Christian leads us to pause ere we reply, and where the ideal in the mind accords with the true type of Christhood, our heads bow in the spirit of the publican as we murmur, 'God be merciful to SEPTEMBER 130 THE MANIFESTO. me a sinner.' It is a strange fact that those who live nearest to Christ within make the least outward show of doing so. They need no badge of discipleship, their influence speaks for itself . Many, very many of us make a profession of following Christ, but there conies a time to us all when a public profession of faith in God feels like the shadow, and our weary souls cry for the substance of religion, the real possession of comfort and peace which the world can not take away and over which the sorrows of earth have no control. Our experiences of the past teach us that the nominal Christianity of creed, church, and tangible charities is, was, and ever will be inadequate to meet the needs of the souls of humanity and to answer its cries for permanent relief. Despite our church-going and our Bible-reading, the old hunger revives tho driven off for the moment, the stubborn sorrow of the heart refuses to be soothed. Jesus said, 'Judge not that ye be not judged,' but he left no need for his disciples to be thus troubled, for he significantly added, 'By their fruits ye shall know them.' This leaves no room for doubt or mystery. Like causes produce like effects. As the Christ was and is, every perfect Christian must be; and only thus is the holy comfort which sustained Jesus through his earthly ministry ensured. But we are proving from day to day to ourselves and to each other that we are not Christian to a degree satisfactory to the light of our day, and the pure principle is forcing its way up through the surgings of our national and individual life and is condemning all that 'savorest not the things that be of God.' We are dualhuman and divine lodging for a time in the same casket. We do much to render the former prosperous and comfortablebut are there not further duties devolving upon us in behalf of the latter? Is our citizenship complete without reference to the 'city set upon a hill?' Whether we invite it or not, there comes a time to us all when the highest intelligence we are capable of receiving confronts us with real home thrusts. Opposite elements can not occupy the same place at the same time. Flesh and spirit do not coexist. When the Christian element enters the mind, it wages war instantly with its opposites. Christ is a synonym for all that is holythe anointing spirit which rested upon Jesus when he stood confest in the Jordan. This spirit comes to 'set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother and the daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law, and a man's foes shall be they of his own household.' It is in the seclusion of this 'household' that the question quoted is most truthfully answered. He who conquers there the suggestions of the selfish will and can say, as did Jesus, 'I came not to do mine own will but the will of him that sent me,' is a Christian wherever he may be found. And when you find him, he is hedged in by no dogma, he wears no particular costume, he repeats no special creedhis life is 'a well of living water,' his influence is a perpetual THE MANIFESTO. 131 inspiration, and his 'light shines,' not from conscious effort, but from the vigor of his 'good works.' His mind has fathomed a deeper current than the transient things of earth. With a keener eye than his fellows, he has caught sight of the pearls far beneath, and the floating straw upon the surface is forgotten as he dives after the priceless gem. The Christian's joy is attained only by conscious suffering at the seat of the selfish life, for this reason 'few there be that find it.' Jesus showed distinctly by his teaching that all would not and could not accept his peculiar mission, and for those who gave no signs of comprehending his words he exprest no anxiety. 'His mission was to call mankind from the rudimental to a higher lifefrom the natural, carnal, selfish, partial, to the spiritual, unselfish, universal and Godlike.' Those who had no light beyond the rudimental, enjoyed rudimental happiness and were satisfied. But here and there in Jesus's time souls were touched by the superior inspiration which emanated from his mind making even the 'hem of his garment' sacred; and despite the parables which he employed ' 'lest hearing they might hear,' a few caught the hidden message and like little Samuel of old their rest of mind was forever broken. That holy truth has never left the earth. From generation to generation, the seed of Christ's exceeding righteousness has been preserved, not by the majority it is true; but dropt from heart to heart it has found lodgment here and there, and constitutes to-day the vital hope of the race. In one of the Shaker Sermons written by Elder H. L. Eads is this passage : 'Who can stand up with his hand on his heart and his eyes turned toward heaven, and say, 'I am a Christian ?' I venture the assertion that not one can be found.' It is indeed a fine point to draw the line between Christ' and Antichrist. Who shall decide between the sheep and the goats? But the gentle Savior gives us this comforting assurance: 'He that is not against us is on our part,' and yet again 'He that is not with me is against me.' As a Church, we dare not bind our thought life down to a written creed, for the infinite can not be bounded by the finite. Nothing less than the spotless Christ can be accepted as pattern. We dare not justify evil in any degree on the grounds that Jesus did not really mean what he preacht that had he lived in our day and in our land he would have modified parts at least of the inexorable testimony he proclaimedas many take liberty to do. Further than this, we dare not plead our inability to follow in his steps, for the G-od of our worship is infinite mercy affording 'strength according to our day.' As a Church we testify to the world boldly that our spiritual standard is the perfect Christian ideal, as mind expands to comprehend itas individuals we still wrestle with the momentous question : Am I a Christian?the emancipation of our higher nature from its earthly bondage is so gradual, so slow. The human and the divine continually strive together and as long as they alternate our sincerity is marredbut we are pledged never to recede. 132 THE MANIFESTO. We can see nothing mysterious in the career of Jesus. From childhood to manhood, his mind was the arena of noble triumphs over self-interests, until that glorious spirit was fully enthroned there whose presence empowered him to say, 'No man cometh unto the Father but by me.' The experience of each of his honest disciples must ever be the same, and if the disciplinary processes are borne without compromise by our weak human nature, as was the case with the perfectly developt character of the Savior, who shall say that the power of full and free salvation will not be ours in a degree commensurate with the strife ? East Canterbury, N. H.