NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. August. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Eain. 1897. 67.52 4.5 in. 1898. 72.84 10.75 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 92 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 50 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 14 ' ' clear ' ' ' 8 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 9 Sept. 1898. Here we are standing on the front steps of the portico of autumn, taking a survey of the exodus of summer which is floating away upon the boundless sea of eternity. We shall never again see the summer of 1898, The flight of time brings forcibly to mind the reveries of thepoet Whittier: 'O welcome calm of heart and mind ! As falls yon fir tree's loosened rind, To leave a tenderer growth behind, So fall the weary years away; A child again my head I lay Upon the lap of this sweet day.' Prof. Hicks, the great weather prognosticator, said that from the 4th to the 15th. of July we should have electric storms, but July was very quiet, not being affected especially with this element; August abounded in electric storms, some of them terrific. Of late we have had a superabundance of rain, which cut deep gutters in the face of Mother Earth. Nevertheless between storms we have got our hay crop safely garnered. We have commenced digging potatoes. The wet weather is causing the rot to affect the crop some. Elder Henry C. Blinn has been spending a season at the Church family, Hancock, to recuperate his health. From August 18th to the 22nd, he called at the Mount, and we spent a very pleasant time with him for he is skilled with tact and ability to make time pass pleasantly while in his. company. He makes the impress, 'Tis joy to meet with kindred minds And spend the social hour Replete with pleasure pure, refined Distilled from heaven's bower. Sympathy is a heavenly gift that causes us to joy with those who joy: to weep with those who weep; to share in .one another's grief and loss; to impart consolation to the sorrowing; to show a divine inspiring radiance to light the pathway of the mourner. Our spirits mingle with yours, dear gospel relation, in your late bereavement in the passport of your dear Eldress Dorothy. With some this will beyour day of trial, but keep the Faith that will make you worthy to receive the crown, of life, that will weave for you and adorn you with the robe of angelic purity and the diadem of unsullied beauty, and the blessing and inspiring influence of Eldvess Dorothy will be an enduring light TERMS. 156 THE MANIFESTO. to guide you safely in the pathway of righteousness and abiding peace. Calvin Cf. Reed. North Family. Sept. 1898. It certainly is delightful to draw a breath of pure restfulness at last without scorching reminiscences of our new tropical possessions or of that other place which Ridpath politely designates the bottom of the old theologies. This summer has been one of many visitors from the numerous resorts among the Berkshires. The world is surely fast growing better, more thoughtful, more sensible, more aspiring, or we are honored by calls from the best of its people, for our visitors this summer have been of an exceptionally high type, people of culture in the broadest sense of that word, wide awake to the necessities of the times and eager and earnest in their inquiries for any and everything by which these necessities of body, brain and soul might be supplied. Dear Sister Catherine has talkt from morn till dewy eve explaining and expounding, and then frequently supplements this talking by means of letters in answer to would-be questions forgotten at the time. Among all the pleasant memolies of our visitors none are more satisfactory than those connected with Elder Henry Blinn. And yet this pleasure is tinged with a thought of sadness. Have we, perhaps in our mistaken kindness, retarded instead of hastened the health we so earnestly desire him to possess? Our full sympathy, best wishes and highest hopes attend his goings forth and his home comings! Sisters Lydia Staples and May Kullhausen are in Chatham presiding over the Shaker exhibit there. This exhibit has called forth warm words of commendation in the columns of the local paper. Our family have about forty entries of articles for competition in the Ladies' Industrial Department. The course of events at home is as usual. We believe with our poet; 'God is in His Heaven All is right with the world' or will be when the coming kingdom comes. G. Ada Brown. South Family. Sept. 1898. The closing summer month was made delightfully memorable by a visit from our sainted father and Mend Elder Henry C. Blinn. We had long lookt for his coming and as each year waned we said, he will surely come the next, it must be we shall meet him again in this life. But oh, we so much regretted his brief tarry with us, while we are not disposed to envy our neighbors over the way we congratulate them on their good fortune of entertaining an angel and we wish such had been our pleasing mission too, But we'll hope in the future As we've hoped in the past That again he will come While yet life shall last. So good-bye we'll not say But a welcome extend For the coming again Of our father and friend. Mr. and Mrs. Brannen of Denver, Col. made a pleasant call at our home sometime ago. They are interested in all religious and spiritual improvements of the age and are workers in the cause of humanity. They are personal friends of the late Eldress Alvira Conklin of the Watervliet Society. Work on the farm and in the house progresses grandly, hay and grain are of the very best; apples we fear will be a ghost of the past, they are few and inferior, but we shall live and give thanks for the numerous blessings which are ours to enjoy. Fine weather prevails. September is glorious for the harvesting of fall produce. Health and prosperity rules our family. Genevieve DeGraw. Shakers, N. Y. Sept. 1898. We have had another proof of the truth of the ancient proverb thaf'allgood comes THE MANIFESTO. 157 to those who wait.' We have anticipated and hoped that the Editor of our Manifesto would find time to give us a call, and we almost concluded that we were hoping against hope, when his benign presence appeared in our midst. We were thankful for the short period of social communion that we enjoyed with him and will hope that sometime in the not distant future it may be repeated. The quickening of the moral and spiritual sensibilities of the nations as manifested in the proposal of the Autocrat of Russia to call an International Conference to consider the question of the disarmament of the nations, is evidence that the brutal system which has literally made bondslaves of all races has seen the hand writing on the wall, and is realizing the fact that its days are numbered. We will pray and will work to hasten the consummation of that time 'When the war drum throbs no longer And the battle flags are furled, In the parliament of man The federation of the world.' September has heralded its advent with a tropical climate. Up to the present date of writing, the 5th inst., the thermometer has daily registered in the nineties. But we enjoy the antumnal season when the result of the anxiety and toil in producing fruits and vegetables is realized. Hamilton JDeGraw. Enfield, N. H. Sept. 1898. The past month has been an especially busy one for the sisterhood, in caring for numerous companies of visitors. One day seventy-eight individuals called, of which number fifty-eight partook of dinner. While consecrated strength has been given to care for temporal affairs, the educational, spiritual and social duties have not been slighted, and we are pleased to record the kindness of friends who have added their gifts with ours to help brighten and edify the lives of our own kindred. Our towns-lady, Inez Packard, a late graduate of the Boston School of Oratory, kindly entertained us for an hour, with various selections of prose and poetry. On another occasion, Mrs. Ida Harrington, of Worcester, Mass, entertained us with music and songs of a high order. As occasional intermissions, some of the youngSisters sang and rendered recitations. We also entertained for a short period, the Kev. M. W. Borthwick, of Manchester, N. H. While with us, he delivered an impressive lecture on Temperance. Among many fine remarks he said, what we would not tolerate in our individual lives we ought not to tolerate in our society. As a people, believing that God takes more notice of our deeds than of our sentiments, we can endorse the above counsel, knowing,He that knoweth what is right and doeth it not committeth sin. Companies of Sisters attended the camp meetings held at Lake Sunnapee and Wilmot, N. H. also the Vermont State Fair. Those who sold fancy articles, report good results. We drew first premium on braided and knit mats, bread, onions and beets. George II. Baxter.