NOTES FROM OUR DIARY. We left home on Monday Aug. 1st and only reacht the City of Concord, a distance of twelve miles. Elder Wm. W. Briggs was one of the company so far as this place. Aug 2. Left Concord at 10-15 a. in. for Boston. Several hours were occupied in canceling some obligations that demanded attention. While walking along the street, the voice of singing was heard and a little boy proffered this information 'It is only two or three doors ahead of you, mister.' 'What is it that's only two doors ahead?' 'They are having a meeting, sir. It is right up these stairs.' Thanking the little man, we ascended the stairs and soon found that we were among Salvationists. They were having a private meeting, and we soon learned that not many strangers would be admitted as the Captain came and fastened the door, so that others could not enter,but did not ask us to retire. We enjoyed the singing and speaking, and at the close of the service converst very pleasantly with the Captain, who extended an invitation for us to come again. Aug. 3. Took the cars at 8-30 a. m. at the Boston &amp; Albany Station for Pittsfield, Mass., the ticket costing $3.60. On reaching Pittsfield at 1-15 p. m. we found Brother Ira Lawson, with a carriage waiting to convey us to the Village, some three THE MANIFESTO. 147 miles distant. A kind welcome greeted us on arrival at the Trustees' Office and we soon found ourselves in Hancock among the best of friends. In the p. m. two enquirers called, one being a young minister and the other a physician. We are happy in the anticipation that they went from the Village, wiser and better for the interview An enjoyable, social chat with Elder Louis Basting made a pleasant close for the evening. Aug. 4. Took a stroll over the new, State road which has been built through this Village and is being continued to the top of the mountain, on the road to the Village of Mt. Lebanon. At most the grade is only about five feet in one hundred. If the New York commissioners decide to build a new road on the west side of the mountain it will be of immense value to the traveling public. Another enquirer called at the Office. He assured us that the Lord sent him, altho we soon learned that he had a debt of $500.00. Persons should cancel their debts before they attempt to enter a religious community. Aug. 5. The Iron Ore Company that least a section of land belonging to the Community has suspended work. The machinery has been sold and the buildings are being moved away. Two little girls came out from the City of Pittsfield, yesterday, on their wheels, to visit the Shakers. They were the daughters of wealthy citizens. A heavy thunder-storm past over the Village and they feared to return. A message was sent to their parents, that the Shaker Sisters would care for them until morning. Having an excellent water privilege in this place, we find a motor in the dairy and a Davis churn. The milk is set in pans. Wood working machinery may be found in another building and ample reservoirs supply water for this, and other places. The best of drinking water comes from springs found on the mountain. Brother Ira, the Trustee of this Society, has within a few years made important additions to the Trustees' Office, which is now a beautiful building and has been furnisht with all the modern conveniences. In the Office room are two sets of fans, revolving very rapidly, being propelled by a small water motor. Aug. 6. The Society in this place has three families. The Church, Second and East. The Mayor of the City of Pittsfield and the City engineer called at the Office. We had an introduction and enjoyed a very pleasant and social conversation. The Mayor told of the reception that was given to the 1st N. H. Regiment of Volunteers when they past through the City. Col. Rolfe had retired for the night, but the Mayor had him get out of bed and witness the demonstration made in honor of the soldiers. We made a short visit to the Second family and had a very pleasant interview with Eldress Sophia Helfrich and the other members of the family. In the p. m. accepted a ride with Brother Ira. He drove to the reservoir or lake in the town of Richmond. This water is held for the Grist Mill and other mills, and covers several hundred acres. From this place he drove over some very interesting roads till we reacht the Village of Richmond, some five miles south of the Shaker Village. In this poor little town, one mile of State road has been built and the people anticipate the building of another mile. I hardly think we shall be able to find a road, a mile long, in N. H. that will compare favorably with these roads in Mass. After reaching home we estimated our trip to have been some fifteen miles or more. Sunday, Aug. 7. We had breakfast at 7 o'clock. Elder Louis'called at the Office and extended an invitation for us to attend the morning Service which commenced at 10 o'clock. Members from the several families attended. Elder Louis made a few remarks at the opening of the Service. He then announced and read 148 THE MANIFESTO. the hymn. An organ accompaniment rendered valuable service to the voices, and! the whole was very pleasant to the mind. The Service continued about an hour,, and the time was well rilled with singing and speaking. In the p. m. several of the Brethren and Sisters from the Society of Mt. Lebanon, called at the Office. The interview was very pleasant, and the invitation to visit their home very much appreciated. Aug. 8. We accepted the invitation to take a ride with Brother Ira to the City of Pittsfield. We rode many miles around the country before we reacht the City, and entered fully into the enchantment of the scenery of western Mass, where the mountains and valleys and lakes remind us so forcibly of those in ISTew Hampshire. We called at the Berkshire Atheneum which has a Public Library and a large collection of works of Art. It has also several cases of geological specimens and a great variety of curiosities. On our return we met Elder Joseph Holden who had just arrived from Watervliet. At 5 o'clock p. m. Mr. Robert Brannen and lady, of Denver, Col., called. They had driven from Troy to see their Shaker friends. Mr. Brannen is a wealthy banker in the City of Denver. His visit to the Community was a very pleasant surprise. The cutting and drying of sweet corn is one of the industries of this place, and they have the best of facilities for expediting the business. The Circular barn is a, novelty, but, no doubt, it has many advantages which could not be obtained by building in any other form. The cows are all stalled with their heads toward the center. In the upper loft the teams drive in at one door with their loads of hayr and after unloading can drive around on the inside of the barn and pass out at the same door that they entered. The Family Dwelling is a large, commodious brick building. Liberal mindsplanned it, and also arranged it for the convenience of the Community. Additional improvements have been made within a few years and it now stands among the modern dwellings. The underpinning stone, the door-steps and fence posts are mostly of marble found in this section of the country, while the stone walks are generally of coarse limestone. A fine specimen of Granite would be hard to find. Some beds of gravel are occasionally found, and this has been used largely on the State Eoad. On our return from a morning walk, we past on to the Laundry and received a kind invitation to enter. We found several Sisters and two or three little girls busily engaged in washing the clothes. Two of the Sisters gave us special attention and conducted us through the several departments. The boiling, rinsing and other holders a-re supplied with hot water from a large boiler. The washing is still performed by hand, but an excellent wringer reduces much of the hard work. The floor of the laundry is laid with marble slabs, which at first might seem objectionable on account of coldness to the feet. It was thought, however, to be preferable to wood. The room for ironing adjoins that of the wash-room, and has an arch and a stove well arranged for the heating of the flat-irons. The Sisters accompanied us to the Corn-drying establishment which will soon be in operation. Not less than four corn-cutting machines will be used to keep the four kilns well supplied with corn for drying. Aug. 10. We walkt to the Cemetery which is but a few rods distant from the Office. The stones are of marble and contain the full name, with the age and date of death. The place presents a very neat and orderly appearance. We found within the enclosure the resting place of Anna Berdick, who was appointed to the Order of Ministry in Canterbury and Enfield, Feb. 15, 1792. She returned to Hancock, in 1793. THE MANIFESTO. 149 Brother Ira invited Elder Joseph and the writer to accompany him to Lenox. A covered carriage offered sure protection against the threatening rain. Lenox is twelve miles distant, and is largely built up by the wealthy residents of New York. We drove through the Village and then directly home, reaching the Trustees' Office at 12 m. The rain had been a little disturbing, but not enough to deprive us of the pleasure of sight seeing. Limestone seems to be the predominant rock, and it is of beautifully variegated colors. When we reacht Lenox we saw the homes of wealth. Thousands and thousands of dollars have their representation in the beautiful residences, and in many places even the barns are as richly furnisht as the family dwelling. Tens of thousands of flowers are to be seen in the beautifully cultivated gardens and lawns. As God made the flowers they are all 'very good' and worthy to be admired in all their beauty. Our return trip was over the Berkshire Hills where Brother Ira says the health air may be found. If going up and up and up would help us to find health, then certainly it must have been found. All in all it was a delightful ride, as the whole journey presented some of the most beautiful scenery. Aug. 11. At 1 o'clock we took a ride with Brother Ira to the top of the mountain over the new road. On our return we entered one of the fields, and were shown a section of land where a company of Indians lived when the Shakers settled in this place. We were shown the.old foundation, where the house of Nathan Goodrich formerly stood, in which Mother Ann and the Elders held religious Services. It was in this place that Mother Ann said to the mob that came to the house,'Draw Tjack, or I will smite the horse and his rider.' The horses immediately ran to the road, some ten rods distant, and the riders had no power to govern them. We made a visit to the East family and had a very pleasant interview with Eldress Catherine Pepper and others. They have a small store in the Office where they exhibit some fancy articles for sale, Sunday, Aug. 14. The day was spent as noted at an earlier date. At 6 p. m. we attended a religious gathering at the Family Dwelling. A company of young Sisters, with the little girls were present. A director or superintendent was chosen from among the company present, and the exercises moved along quite pleasantly. Bible reading, singing, and the reading of original or selected articles occupied the time. This can not otherwise than be a profitable, educational school. Aug. 15. We again walked to the Station and found the Railroad Officials very gentlemanly and affable. By the road side we stopt to examine a wild flower, and soon discovered the plants so familiar in New Hampshire, Blue Vervain, Toad Flax Wood Sorrel, Nettles, Scabish and several other varieties. On reaching the Second family, Eldress Sophia Helfrich invited us to call and see the cloaks that they were making for sale. Visitors to the Village call at this place t,o see the goods and make purchases. A great many people pass through the Village on bicycles, but very few stop for dinner. The gardener at the Second family says that the worms are destroying his cabbages and he has been advised to sprinkle them with Paris green. Eldress Caroline Helfrich has in safe keeping a collection of antique curiosities which we were invited to see. Several patterns of bonnets, the oldest being made without a cape. The frame was of pasteboard and covered with silk. The length some thirteen inches. A cap made of thick cotton cloth, but with a muslin border. A great variety of kerchiefs, aprons, dresses, etc, etc. Aug. 11. At 1-15 p. m. Brother Ira with a span of horses and a covered carriage, took the writer to the Trustees' Office at Mt. Lebanon. Two Sisters accompanied 150 THE MANIFESTO. us. A ride over the new State Koad took us to the top of the mountain. Everybody speaks in its praise. Of the road on the west side of the mountain but little need be said. We may, however, anticipate an improved highway when the Commissioners ofiNew York decide to locate it. On reaching the Church family at Mt. Lebanon, we were soon among friends, and proffered a very cordial welcome. Our visit to the several families was somewhat limited, yet it was pleasantly appreciated. We had the pleasure of meeting the Elders of every family and many of the Brethren and Sisters. We saw some little girls playing a game of Enchantment, and others equally as happy seated in a lawn swing. Mt. Lebanon'is a beautiful place. Every thing about it is neatly arranged, while the care of the lawns and flowers in front of the Family Dwelling are really attractive. The large, brick Dwelling at the First family, and the Family Dwelling at the Novitiate Order are especially handsome buildings. The Church or House of Worship attracts the attention of all visitors. The rooms formerly occupied by the Order of Ministry have been vacated since the building of the new residence. A public Service has been held during the season. Sister Amelia Calver in connection with many other duties has the charge of several colonies of honey bees. That she appreciates the pleasure of the employment,, there can be no doubt, as all the care given to the 'little busy bee,' meets with a ready and sweet response. Not even man's best friends, the dog or the horse is. more appreciative of care and kindness than is the -'Queen and her family.' As our time was limited we made only a brief visit to the several families. In these visits we thankfully shared many acts of care and kindness. This is the central home of all our gospel relation, who have accepted the cross of Christ, and become sons and daughters of our God. Aug. 21. Public Service was held at 10 a. m. Elder Calvin Keed conducts the Service one Sabbath, Elder Timothy Rayson the second Sabbath, and Elder CharlesGreaves the third. Quite a large company of spectators were present, and we learned that the speaking and singing were excellent and appropriate for the occasion. The dear friends at the Trustees' Office, were all that friends could be, and our every need was amply supplied. Three little girls and their Caretaker made us a visit at the Office. Other Brethren and Sisters were also present, and all were pleasantly entertained by the children, who sung several pieces and played their own accompaniments on an organ. This was followed by some very pretty recitations and formed a fitting close for the day. Aug. 22. At 9-45 we said 'Good-bye' to Mt. Lebanon, and Brother Ferdinand Gainebin with two Sisters were at the door with a covered carriage and a span of horses. We were now on our way to Hancock, which we reacht via. Canaan Lower family, Queechy Lake, and Richmond Lake, at 12-15. Aug. 23. Left Hancock for Albany, N. Y. at 7-35 a. m. Ticket, $1.08. Reacht. Albany at 9-10 a. m. and found Elder Joseph Holden present with a carriage. We drove through a beautiful City Park, and then through West Albany, and reacht the Shaker Village at 11-15. As the Ministry of Mt. Lebanon were at this place, we visited them at their residence. This Order was establisht as the leading authority in all the spiritual interests of the Community at large, and through this, their care becomes universal. This little interview was very pleasant. As the time was quite limited for the visit to this Society, only a very short time could be spent in any one place. Our home was in the Trustees' Office, which is under the management of Brother J. Philip Smith and two Sisters. Every care and THE MANIFESTO. 151 kindness was extended to make the time pass pleasantly. We visited each family and enjoyed the privilege of meeting with the Elders, and with many of the Brethren and Sisters. It was a busy season of the year, and three of the families were engaged in the canning of beans, peas, tomatoes, etc. Aug. 24. Last night we were visited by a thunder-storm that gave us a continuous flashing of lightning, and an incessant roar of thunder for three hours. It was a fearful exhibition of the powers of the air, and it was a great relief to the mind when the outburst was over. The downpour of rain was as in the days of Noah when the windows of heaven were opened. While it did no damage to the Community, it destroyed many buildings and trees in its line of march. The several families in this Society are quite distant from each other, and entirely hidden from the view of either one. The Cemetery at this place presented a very neat appearance. The stones were of white marble, and placed in the best of order. Of this little enclosure no one need be ashamed. It manifested a kind regard for the departed and a respect for the living. The First family has a large two story brick building for a Trustees' Office. The rooms and halls are of liberal size and high posted. Some of the rooms have recently been papered on the sides and overhead, and present a very pretty appearance. The Family Dwelling is a frame building, of two stories and well arranged for the comfort and convenience of the family in every respect. Every family has ample accommodations in their dwellings, and all of these buildings present an appearance that is highly commendable to our religious Community. Aug. 26. We bade adieu to the good friends of Watervliet and were taken to West Albany in a carriage, and were at the Station and ready to take the train for West Pittsfield, where we arrived at 4-20 p. m. Brother Ira Lawson was in waiting and we were soon riding on our way to the Church family. Aug. 27. Took a walk to the reservoir which supplies water to the dwellings and to the mills. The water was as 'clear as crystal' and the supply we trust, never failing. Sept. 1. We made a visit to the vacated Society of Tyringham. At 7 a. m. Brother Ira Lawson was at the door with a carriage and a span of horses and with Eldress Sophia Helfrich and Emoretta Belden we were soon on our way. We past through Eichmond, Stockbridge, South Lee and reacht Tyringham at noon. In the building formerly used as the Trustees' Office, we found a family who were taking charge of the property. Mr. Nash invited us into the house, and then very kindly offered to show us about the premises. We past into the Office, and then through the Meeting House. These buildings had been entirely remodeled on the inside to accommodate the summer boarders. We made a hasty inspection of the other buildings, and everywhere was to be seen the substantial work of consecrated hands. Force of circumstances, however, had obliged the Believers to sell the property and take up their abode in other Societies. The Shakers of Tyringham selected a remarkable place for the location of their Village. It is in a mountainous region, and while the mountain rises several hundred feet above the buildings, the valley in which was to be found their best land for tillage, was many hundred feet below them. Some of the houses that were entered from the roadway and built for a two story dwelling, were in the rear a four story building. A marble tablet in the Family Dwelling shows the date of the building to be 1823. Several other buildings were in a good state of preservation. A little building was made in the side of the mountain, and about ten feet square, to be used for the setting of milk and the storing of butter. A large limestone slab formed the roof, and assisted in making this a simple cold storage. 152 THE MANIFESTO. The place is now being fitted up for Summer boarders. It is six miles from a Eailroad Station and in a section of the country with few inhabitants. The scenery, however, to those who love lofty mountains and deep valleys, is enchanting. Bidding adieu to the once loved Community home, a sad, unbidden thought flitted across the mind. We reacht Stockbridge at 1-45 p. m. and dined at the Eed Lion's Inn. As the Believers are so well acquainted with the Proprietor and his lady we felt very much at home. The house was filled with guests and many called only to be refused for want of room. At this place we were shown a museum of curiosities, in furniture, in crockery, etc. etc. A shelf extended around the large dining room and on this were hundreds of plates, of all patterns, sizes and ages. Some were of historical value, while others were prized for age and others illustrative of some special incident in life, while others were of great value on account of being rare' specimens. The guide informed us that some of these plates were valued at not less than $40.00. The Proprietor, Mr. C. H. Plumb, very kindly took us to see his tall, brass clocks. He had three very nice specimens and one in a mahogany case could not be purchased for $150.00. After dinner we continued our journey toward home, and past through Lenox and on through the City of Pittsfield, reaching the Village at 7 p. m. to the satisfaction of the whole company, after such an interesting excursion. Sept. 2. At 9 a. m. in company with two Sisters we took the cars for Pittsfield. After closing our business in the city we took an electric car for Lake Pontoosuc a few miles distant. The little lake is one mile long and three quarters of a mile wide. A small steamer took us around the lake for ten cents each. A man steers the boat but a woman officiates as an engineer. We called on some friends of the Believers, and then returned to the City for dinner. After attending to some more business calls we took the cars for West Pittsfield. Sept. 5. At 9 a. m. in company with two Sisters we took the cars for Pittsfield. Several Sisters also accompanied us from the East family. As this was 'Labor Day,' the Catholic Temperance Societies had arranged for a parade. Delegations were present from several cities in Mass, and not less than ten or twelve bands of music were in the procession. It was estimated that 18000 persons were present, but the best of order prevailed during the day. The Sisters from the East.family, soon after took a car for Lake Pontoosuc where they spent the day, while we went to Dalton Village some five miles distant. We dined at the Hotel and then returned to the City, and at 4-20 p. m. took the cars for West Pittsfield in company with the other Sisters. All seemed of the opinion that they had spent a very pleasant day, The cultivation of music is receiving increast attention in every society. A piano or a Cabinet organ may be found in nearly every family. Not many, however use them during the time of religious worship. Since the organization of the Community these several changes have been taking place,in the architecture of the buildings, in the general management of their business, as well as in articles of diet and in the manufacture of their clothing. Medieval customs and habits were eminently proper in that age, but as the earth or world moves, the people must move with it or be left in the rear. To stop this onward progress would be like attempting to stop the wheels of time. It was only a few years since and no Shaker would have worn a beard, or even accepted the gift of an artificial tooth. A drab coat and a broad-brimmed hat designated the order to which he belonged, and the Sisters were no less conspicuous in their lace caps and high heeled shoes; but as hats and coats are quite destitute of religious vitality some families have felt at liberty to bring forward a system more in accordance with the light of to-day. East Canterbury, N. H. H. C. Blinn.