Kind sister;--We received your letter... South Groton, May 20, 1861. Kind Sister ;We received your letter and were all well pleased with its simplicity and kindly spirit. In perusing the expressions of gospel faith, and the good determinations you make to obey them, I conclude that I was particularly fortunate in my last contract, for an addition to the number of my near and dear relation. I will attempt to explaiu the portions of ancient Scripture to which you have so kindly called my attention. The prophet Ezekiel lived and wrote in a remarkable period of Jewish history. He was a poor suffering child of mortality, and placed great dependence on the Holy Spirit, as his name signifies, 'Supported of God, or God is my strength.' Babylon or the Chaldean empire, where the Jews were then in captivity, was a portion of Mesopotamia, a name which signifies, 'A land, or valley lying between two rivers.' It embraces many names spoken of in early Scripture. The whole valley was the garden of the earth and the fertile portion of it was the glory of the Chaldean empire. This valley lay between the Tigris and Euphrates. It is said to be from twenty to two hundred miles in width, and from six to eight hundred miles in length. All historians agree that the tower of Babel was enclosed within the very walls of Babylon. This holy prophet could look upon the remains of this idolatrous tower and could see what it had done for many generations, even before Abraham was called from that region. In ten generations from Shem out of this valley Abraham was sent, to start the Jewish nation. Stephen says,'The God of glory appeared to our father Abraham, when he was in Mesopotamia.'Acts vii., 2. The Chaldeans, or 'worshippers of fire,' seem to have been of the blood that Abraham was called out from, to plant a people who should receive the promises, and give birth to the Messiah. By the most remarkable demonstration of power, the Hebrews were led into, and delivered from bondage; received the laws of God in the desert, which they repeatedly broke, for which in the days of Ezekiel, they were sent into the most desolate captivity. The pious prophet had spent the earliest years of his life in the great city of Jerusalem. He began to prophesy five years after the captivity and continued denouncing idolatry for twenty-one years, for which he was slain. Born of the priesthood, he had bowed to God in early years among the sacred types at the Jewish altar, and had trod the courts of the temple in all their magnificence and glory. His lamentations for his people began in the tabernacle of Israel. He had stood in the outer court in which the multitude listened to the word of God, from between the cherubim, and when the THE MANIFESTO. 167 tribes of Judah went into captivity, he bitterly knew how deplorably they had fallen. When brought under judgment for their sins, he saw them hurled from their high stations, crusht from among the nations, and their beautiful city and temple levelled to the dust. With them, he was hurried away to the dismal prison-house of Babylon, to lie buried in the grave of slavery in the ancient valley. This prophet went into exile with his people, into a land of beauty, watered by the rivers of Babylon, but every scene about him was calculated to embitter his life. As he wandered in his devotions and pious rambles along the banks of the river Chebar, (a branch of the great Euphrates,) sorrowfully and sadly could he say,'Nearly eighteen hundred years ago this ground was made sacred by the footsteps of the righteous Noah, who was perfect in his generation, found favor with heaven, and escaped the deluge. Here in this delightful valley, God made with Noah the second covenant with the race, re-establisht the simple patriarchal religion in the New world, and as with Adam the first, made him earthly Lord of his generations.' He could see also where Nimrod came to establish idolatry one hundred and twenty years after the deluge. The very name of that personage signifies 'Rebel against God's mediatorial government.' He could see the very structure that this ancient turnaway constructed, to oppose God's rule through ancient mediators, and overturn patriarchal authority, and set himself on high to introduce false worship. Noah was clothed with the name of the true God and they who set out to erect this structure said,'Let us make us a new name.'Gen. xi., 4. In every direction the prophet could see that the abominable rites started then, had spread abroad and come down to that generation shutting them out from the knowledge of God's rule and order. Here he could see what Abraham was called out from, and why he was cautioned never to return. Perhaps he prayed to heaven by the same river, or in the very grave where Abraham was told to leave his father's house, and plant a new generation of people. In this trying condition, and in these extremes of feeling, he must have viewed the dead condition of his people. Under these disadvantages he, without doubt, labored in sorrow to learn how the promises of God made to Abraham concerning his kindred were to be fulfilled. I have written thus, to take the most direct way to show you that history informs us that the valley in which the prophet saw the dry bones was something more substantial than a vision. I have taken the most simple method to show you that in his entranced state he saw the bones as a figure, but they were evidently in the valley of Mesopotamia. By quoting a few vei'ses of the preceding chapter we can see the meaning of the vision more clearly. The prophet says, 'The word of the Lord came to me saying, Son of man when the house of Israel dwelt in their own land, they defiled it by their doings, and I scattered them among the Heathen. I will take you from among the Heathen and bring you into your own land. I will put my spirit within 168 THE MANIFESTO. you, and cause you to walk in my statutes, and ye shall dwell in the land which I gave to your fathers.'Ezekiel xxxvi., 16, 27. He continues, 'The hand of the Lord was upon me, and set me down in the midst of the valley which was full of bones, and he caused me to pass them round about, and behold they were very many in an open valley, and lo ! they were very dry, and he said to me, Son of man can these bones live? and I said, 0 Lord thou knowest. He said, prophesy unto them, 0 ye dry bones, hear the word of the Lord. Behold I will cause breath to enter into you, I will lay sinews and flesh upon you, cover you with skin and ye shall live. And as I prophesied there was a noise and a shaking and the bones came together. The sinews and flesh came upon them, and skin covered them, but there was no breath in them. Then he saith unto me, prophesy unto the wind, and say, Thus saith the Lord, come from the four winds, O breath, and breathe upon these slain that they may live. So I prophesied, and breath came into them and they lived and stood upon their feet an exceeding great army.'Ezek. xxxvii., 110. Here is one of the most descriptive visions ever given to a prophet. It was to show this suffering man of God, that his people would be awakened, raised from their dead state of transgressions and brought back to the land and law of their father. There is no lack of evidence to show that this was the real meaning of this vision as you may read. 'Then said he to me, Son of man, these bones are the whole house of Israel. They say our bones are dried, our hope is lost, and we are cut off from our parts (lands.) Therefore say unto them, Thus saith the Lord, behold, O my people, I will open your graves, and bring you into the land of Israel.' The sending of the Jews into Babylonish captivity was to cast the old transgressors out of Canaan and let their carcasses fall among the heathen. The idolatrous portions of the younger generations never returned to Jerusalem but remained among heathen idolaters. History informs us that the most sincere portions were the only remnant that returned, who built up the city, erected the second temple and establisht the law. This vision is one of the most remarkable pieces of Biblical literature. The Chaldeans, Medes and Persians generally had great reverence for the memory of this prophet. They believed in a sort of literary resurrection, and by this vision, the meaning of which they could not comprehend, they were undoubtedly strengthened in that belief, as were many of the Jews. More than ten thousand sermons have been preached from it for the same purpose. It was the very vision selected by the Advents to prove that the literal body was the real eternal man, and that the four winds of heaven, or the common air we breathe was the true spirit of God which was finally to reanimate these bodies. The simple revelations of Mother Ann Lee which divide between flesh and Spirit, set all right upon this subject. They show that the body returns to the dust, and that the spirit travels up to the spirit- THE MANIFESTO. 169 ual heaven in Christ-like purity and the beauty of holiness. It is somewhere said that 'the golden moments for proper action should never be lost.' On every plane of life, everything elevated and Godlike must be gained by virtue, diligence and labor. There is no way we can attain immortality until we have marshalled for the conflict, fought the battles and endured the hardships of the campaign. On the battle-field conflicts are waged, deeds of valor performed, and palms of victory borne away. I know how the cross of Christ feels to a young, ardent, golden-dreaming, impetuous nature, but there is a priceless knowledge which lies just beyond this battle ground, which has not yet opened fully to your understanding. To those who early embrace the cross of Christ, and are loyal disciples till they pass the meridian of life, there is a serene tranquility that none can experience who have not fought many battles, and come off victorious. Such Christian warriors are crowned with a glory that the earthly hero never knew. They have fought through fields where Napoleon or Alexander would have been put to flight, or slain upon the battle ground. In this condition the Christian has past the first conflict, and firmly stands. He has gained a substance, and enjoys the true rest which remains for the people of God. Your Brother in the Gospel, William Leonard.