Narcoossee, Fla. Oct. 1898. The business outlook for east and south Florida is better than it has been since the great freeze. Field crops have at least come up to the average, while the 174 THE MANIFESTO. orange groves that have been properly cared for have a fair yield of fruit. The men of the woods are doing quite a stroke of work in the turpentine camps, and the lumbermen at the mills say they have all the work they can do to fill their orders. This speaks very well for our nearest town, Kissimmee, which for two years after the freeze had a very disconsolate look. Being the center of many beautiful orange groves, it depended on them for life, and for many years previous it was about the entire business of the people of middle and southern Florida. To Florida the freeze was a blessing instead of a curse. It showed to them the necessity of relying on something more than oranges for a living. Hundreds of its inhabitants, while they have renewed their groves, have also planted large acres of different kinds of vegetables, which will add largely to the pocket book and also lessen the expenses of living. Everybody is gratified that the summer is past and that there has been no yellow fever in Florida. The State Board of Health stands higher than ever in the confidence and esteem of the people. We are looking with more or less pleasure upon our small acres. Our sugar cane stands over twelve feet high and is a wonder. Ouj- rice which we have begun to harvest is an equal crop and will give us all the hay we want for our mules and horses. Pine-apples are just beginning to ripen and we have a few every week to supply home neighbors at town. Our rainy season is over and Old Sol is again pouring down his intensity upon our heads. Andrew Barrett. Facts About Florida. Olive Branch, Sept. 1898. We now have fenced and in good condition, four pastures. No 1 pasture contains 2000 acres No 2 pasture contains 1000 acres. No 3 pasture contains over 600 acres. No 4 pasture contains over 400 acres. Every pasture is on the border of a lake where cattle can get water the year round. The four pastures will furnish choice feed for over two thousand cattle every month during the year, and cattle thrive and grow without any other feed! Not having the means to purchase cattle to occupy the four pastures, which we exceedingly regret, we have been obliged to let most of the pastures to cattle dealers at a small compensation, when compared with the profits made by owners of the cattle. Narcoossee, Fla. B. G.