Sanitary. KEEPING WARM. A common error is that Orientals inhabit lands of eternal summer and dress the jear through in flowing silks and wondrous muslins. Many of them do enjoy this kind of existence. Those for example, in southern China and on the great plain of Hindostan, but at least a hundred millions live in a territory as cold as this city, and at least fifty millions in a land whose conditions are similar to those of Canada. Centuries of civilization have taught them numberless expedients for securing comfort and pleasure, in spite of the snow and ice which surround them in the winter season. Many of these are known and utilized by the western world, but the most are unknown, or, if known, are viewed as freaks or laughable oddities. Thus, for example, the Japanese and northern Chinese employ what are known as pocket stoves. These consist of shells of metal in iron, brass, bronze, silver, and for the very wealthy gold. Charcoal or perfumed charcoal is put into the shell and ignited. The shell itself is inserted in a special belt or cloth, and worn about the waist, or is fastened to the inside of a woman's skirt. A cold individual may wear as many as a half dozen of these little stoves, while a warm-blooded person is satisfied with one. There are beautiful little foot warmers, which can be taken into bed, and in which a slowly smouldering fire safely secured inside a metal box, emits warmth the night long, and makes the coldest bed as delightful as a hammock in summer weather. Then there are portable stoves, which burn perfumed charcoal and can be carried from room to room. There are pajamas which are lined with fur; kimonos, whose interior is as soft as fleece or the silkiest goat hair; cloaks and peignoirs, which are really furs with the warm side in. There are fur-lined slippers, and most delightful of all for those who dwell in chilly rooms, or like to sleep with the windows open in midwinter, fur-lined socks or short stockings, which can be drawn on in a second, and which make the coldest floor agreeable to the foot. New York Mail and Express.