West Pittsfield, Mass. Oct. 1898. Octobek, the treasurer of the year is come, and we are collecting the interest due on the toil of the preceding months, and also returning to her safe deposit, treasures which we may draw, on some distant rainy or snowy day. First among her treasures, and enclosing them all like the folds of protecting papers, are the beautiful leaves. Their description becomes a worn subject of the pen, for Webster allows only just so many descriptive words, but never does their beauty become tiresome to the eye. We do not wonder that so many are attracted to the Berkshire Hills, and leaving the crowded cities, throng the towns, to spend a few days in wonder and admiration. Apples are fairly good and sufficient for home use, but ''none to spare.' Corn THE MANIFESTO. 173 cutting and drying completed some days ago, and since that time, the entire lot has been sold, the result of a hasty trip by Brother Ira to New York and Philadelphia. All around are rumors of disasters, the result of the heavy rains. We have escaped even the least of these, for which we are grateful, although sympathetic with those less fortunate. The moisture has averted the frost and kept vegetation in smiling freshness. The mile of State road west of us will be completed in a month, and preparations are making for the building of another mile east. The Electric railway has also crept nearer us, although not near enough as yet to affect us directly. During the summer months there have been, grazing upon our verdant hill-sides, numbers of the quadruped familycalves, but such poor apologies as they were when first sent there! Yesterday, however, as we watched them in their gambols we hardly thought them the same, so improved were they with their pasture diet. An addition is being built at our new barn to house sixty or seventy of them this winter. We have had the pleasure of a few weeks companionship with Elder Henry C. Blinn, a pleasure which we value, and the close of which we have signed 'D. C.' to be repeated until the finale occurs. If the light of the Divine presence has shone on our darkness, should we not throw out its rays to others who are pursuing life's pilgrimage? 'For the soul that gives is the sou] that lives, And in bearing another's load We lighten our own, and shorten the way, And brighten the homeward road.' Fidelia Estabrook.