I HAVE DREAMED OF MY HOME. By Florence Staples. I have dreamed of my home in the morning land, And its visions before me rise; The domes and spires of its city sublime Reared 'neath love's radiant skies. The city where truth her altar builds, And peace her banner unfurls, Where the shining ones pass to and fro, Through the glittering gate of pearls. I dreamed of its gardens so wondrously Of flowers that ornate the sod; [fair, Of fruitage that death's chilling breath could not blight, In the beautiful garden of God. No discord is known in that Eden of bliss; No shadow casts o'er it a gloom; The rich balmy zephyrs wake music most rare, Mid its wealth of perpetual bloom. I have dreamed of its mountains that rise proud and high; Where the lion's foot never hath trod; Nor the eye of the vulture the brightness hath seen That halos the mountain of God. Blest vision of glory! Oh sacred retreat! That feasted my wondering gaze; The holy of holies where pure angels meet; The breath from thy height is but praise. I dreamed of a valley, the valley of rest. Oh grandeur sublime to behold! The river of life gently threading its way, O'er a sandy bed studded with gold; . Its rich vernal margin in flower-crowned grace Lay kist by the beams from above; The lily in whiteness breathed sweetest perfume, There blossomed the roses of love. I dreamed a peace that my soul compast A sweet calm pervaded the air; [round; And there neath the wings of a bright seraphim. I knelt at the altar of prayer, My heart felt the thrill of an unction divine, My being refresht by its flow, A rest in the arms of an Infinite love, A peace that the world can not know. I dreamed of the laurels that might wreathe my brow, The trophies for victories won; Of the bright stainless robe that my form yet might wear When the earthly race fully is run; The gems and bright jewels through toil and pain stored, Where time can not tarnish or blight; Where the weary worn pilgrim the Father calls home To his merited treasures of light. I dreamed of the loved ones who faded As the dew of a fair eventide; [away Through the mists they were waiting and watching for me On the shores of eternity's side; Their whispering so soothing still falls on mine ear; So peaceful no discord or jar; The light of their love beameth bright o'er my way; 'To me 'tis the Bethlehem's star.' Oh was it a dream? to my questioning soul, There cometh a touching reply; Look upward Oh mortal! mount upward thro' faith! Soon the shadows of earth will pass by; And the city, the garden, the mountain and vale, The bright crystal waters that flow, The laurels of conquest the peace for the strife In the mansions of rest thou shalt know. Enfield, Conn.