NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. September. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1897. 61.6 1.75 in. 1898. 65. 2.25 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 90 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 36 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 5 ' ' clear ' ' ' 15 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 10 Oct. 1898. This is the harvest season of the year as the constellation Libra or the Scales denotes, the season of gathering in the fruits of the earth. This work is now nearly accomplisht. Soon we shall be able to draw the Balance-sheet and ascertain the result of the labors of the year. Our hay crop has been excellent. Green fields and pasures have been continuous from budding Spring to the present date. The weather has been rather too wet for potatoes, consequently they have been affected with rot. Corn has been excellent; the same can be said of Hubbard squash and other culinary vegetables. Our apple crop has been medium: cherries abundant; other small fruits variable. Our temporal larder has thus far been well supplied so there is small probability that we shall perish with hunger, physically. The culture of our moral and spiritual necessities depends as much on our own wise tactics as do the temporal. Public Meetings are still held and whosoever will may come and partake of the waters of life freely. New York State has finally shaken off its lethargy and is following the good example set by Massachusetts in the improvement of the highways, so that now, without doubt, there will be a State road built between Pittsfield and Albany, thus making the passage over the Berkshire Hills easier and pleasanter. Our well tried friend Dr A. J. White we learn has past that bourne, whence no traveller returns. Our blessing rests upon the noble Doctor. We have no deaths to chronicle in our Community. All are able to do duty with slight exceptions. Calvin G. Reed. South Family. Oct. 1898. We've liad a splendid pouring rain, And liope we'll get some more, Streams were getting very dry, So well we prized the pour. It rained from north, It rained from south, It rained from east and west, 'Twas just the kind of rain to have, A rain that rains the best. The Notes by Elder Henry C. Blinn in Oct. Manifesto were decidedly interesting. The 'Home Notes' department is a pleasing feature, as it forms a link in the brotherhood from Maine to Kentucky, holding spirit communion which is most TERMS 172 THE MANIFESTO. profitable in these clays of constant financial ruin, hurry and rush. Our sweet corn drying is in full blast, and the corn could not be better. When finisht we shall have a choice lot of the best and finest stock to be found in market. Our tomato harvest was very light, but the deficiency has been cancelled by the generosity of our North family friends who liberally supplied us with a full and perfect measure which they heaped up, pressed down and filled to overflowing. The demand for Shaker chairs, foot rests, woolen dusters and many items in the fancy work department continues. Sisters Abigail Brooks and Amanda Tiffany of Enfield, Conn., made us a short call last week. The world revolves rapidly, so we must move briskly to keep pace with it all. Genevieve De Grate. Shakers, N. Y. Oct. 1898, In perusing the Notes from the Editorial diary, the closing paragraph introduced a train of thought which is thus illustrated; The conservative mind that can intelligently separate the chaff from the wheat, rejecting the ideas and practices of the past that have proven by their own record their falsity, and retaining those which are founded upon the everlasting truth; and viewing the advance of human life in its progressive march to higher ideals, can call steady, steady, be sure you are right, then go ahead, is of a type so different from that conservatism which opposes the new moon because it respects the old, that no comparison can be drawn between them. 'We are living, we are dwelling in a grand and awful time, when to be living is sublime.' The forces that are molding human thought, and changing human society, are moving with such rapidity, and displaying such tremendous energy in their operation that those who, because they do not conform to their fossilized ideals seek to check their advance had better heed the warning voice,Beware. While all change is not progress, all progress is change from the old and dying civilizations of the past, into the new and resurrecting life of the advance thought of the present. We can not view life through the same object glass as those who hold that the only ideals worthy of acceptance are those which the past has given us, and any effort to change them for something higher would only result in retrogression. Gerald Massey, in his poem 'The Coming Time,' voices an everlasting truth in the following, ' 'Tis coming up the steep of time, and this old world is daily growing brighter.' The opening days of October gave us a sample of the same weather that the preceding months dida summer temperature. At date, Oct. 8, we have had two light frosts; but nothing to injure tender vegetation. It is a season of usual health. One of the dear mothers, Sister Sophronia Dole is patiently waiting for the angel that directs the life boat to pilot her over to the evergreen shores. Hamilton DeGraw. West Pittsfield, Mass. Oct. 1898. Octobek, the treasurer of the year is come, and we are collecting the interest due on the toil of the preceding months, and also returning to her safe deposit, treasures which we may draw, on some distant rainy or snowy day. First among her treasures, and enclosing them all like the folds of protecting papers, are the beautiful leaves. Their description becomes a worn subject of the pen, for Webster allows only just so many descriptive words, but never does their beauty become tiresome to the eye. We do not wonder that so many are attracted to the Berkshire Hills, and leaving the crowded cities, throng the towns, to spend a few days in wonder and admiration. Apples are fairly good and sufficient for home use, but ''none to spare.' Corn THE MANIFESTO. 173 cutting and drying completed some days ago, and since that time, the entire lot has been sold, the result of a hasty trip by Brother Ira to New York and Philadelphia. All around are rumors of disasters, the result of the heavy rains. We have escaped even the least of these, for which we are grateful, although sympathetic with those less fortunate. The moisture has averted the frost and kept vegetation in smiling freshness. The mile of State road west of us will be completed in a month, and preparations are making for the building of another mile east. The Electric railway has also crept nearer us, although not near enough as yet to affect us directly. During the summer months there have been, grazing upon our verdant hill-sides, numbers of the quadruped familycalves, but such poor apologies as they were when first sent there! Yesterday, however, as we watched them in their gambols we hardly thought them the same, so improved were they with their pasture diet. An addition is being built at our new barn to house sixty or seventy of them this winter. We have had the pleasure of a few weeks companionship with Elder Henry C. Blinn, a pleasure which we value, and the close of which we have signed 'D. C.' to be repeated until the finale occurs. If the light of the Divine presence has shone on our darkness, should we not throw out its rays to others who are pursuing life's pilgrimage? 'For the soul that gives is the sou] that lives, And in bearing another's load We lighten our own, and shorten the way, And brighten the homeward road.' Fidelia Estabrook. Enfield, N. H. Oct. 1898. The articles in the Oct. Manifesto referring to our Florida society, bring to mind the saying,Life is exalted by the action of its varied elements. In the case of our 'Olive Branch' kindred, the elements of industry, intelligence and virtue consecrated to faith and life works like that of their Northern kindred, have wrought good results to their honor, and to the honor of Zion at large. May the fruits of their labors yield, not only a large harvest of the fruits of the earth, but an abundance of the joy of the spirit, for the laborious work so nobly and cheerfully done. Our home is environed with nature's most radiant gifts of autumnal colors, making a picture, beautiful to behold, and reminding us that by 'the action of its varied elements,' the earth never faileth to perform her mission well. Her products giving a silent sermon of loyalty and exaltation to the Creator of all good. We miss the merry songsters, the fields of ripened grain, and the well stockt vegetable gardens, but later on we shall enjoy the harvesting of field and garden, when snow and bleak winds take the place of the present genial atmosphere and beauteous scenery. We are pleased to record a short, but pleasant visit with Brother Arthur Bruce of East Canterbury, and subsequently one with Sister Eliza A. Stratton of the same place. The past month, our townsman Mr. C. Rich, kindly favored us with a fine program of phonographic selections, making an enjoyable evening. Sisters have prepared 218 gallons of varied fruit sauces, and are to add more are also engaged on fancy goods for next year's sales the past season being an exceptionally profitable one. We hope, with Brother Hamilton De Graw, that before long the nation with nation will cease to war, and their 'spiritual sensibilities' by 'the action of its varied elements' clasp them in bonds of eternal peace. George II. Baxter. Narcoossee, Fla. Oct. 1898. The business outlook for east and south Florida is better than it has been since the great freeze. Field crops have at least come up to the average, while the 174 THE MANIFESTO. orange groves that have been properly cared for have a fair yield of fruit. The men of the woods are doing quite a stroke of work in the turpentine camps, and the lumbermen at the mills say they have all the work they can do to fill their orders. This speaks very well for our nearest town, Kissimmee, which for two years after the freeze had a very disconsolate look. Being the center of many beautiful orange groves, it depended on them for life, and for many years previous it was about the entire business of the people of middle and southern Florida. To Florida the freeze was a blessing instead of a curse. It showed to them the necessity of relying on something more than oranges for a living. Hundreds of its inhabitants, while they have renewed their groves, have also planted large acres of different kinds of vegetables, which will add largely to the pocket book and also lessen the expenses of living. Everybody is gratified that the summer is past and that there has been no yellow fever in Florida. The State Board of Health stands higher than ever in the confidence and esteem of the people. We are looking with more or less pleasure upon our small acres. Our sugar cane stands over twelve feet high and is a wonder. Ouj- rice which we have begun to harvest is an equal crop and will give us all the hay we want for our mules and horses. Pine-apples are just beginning to ripen and we have a few every week to supply home neighbors at town. Our rainy season is over and Old Sol is again pouring down his intensity upon our heads. Andrew Barrett. Facts About Florida. Olive Branch, Sept. 1898. We now have fenced and in good condition, four pastures. No 1 pasture contains 2000 acres No 2 pasture contains 1000 acres. No 3 pasture contains over 600 acres. No 4 pasture contains over 400 acres. Every pasture is on the border of a lake where cattle can get water the year round. The four pastures will furnish choice feed for over two thousand cattle every month during the year, and cattle thrive and grow without any other feed! Not having the means to purchase cattle to occupy the four pastures, which we exceedingly regret, we have been obliged to let most of the pastures to cattle dealers at a small compensation, when compared with the profits made by owners of the cattle. Narcoossee, Fla. B. G. Sabbathday Lake, Me. Oct. 1898. Having just read in the Oct. Manifesto, the very interesting account of our beloved Editor's visit, I am prompted to extend thanks to him for his kindly thoughts which are both interesting and instructive. We are enjoying a pleasant visit with two Sisters from Mt. Lebanon, Sarah Burger and Annie E. Stephens, also two from Harvard, Mass., Sister Olive Hatch, now over 90 years old, and erect and smart yet, and Sister Myra McLean. The meeting with these gives us a pleasant interchange and one that we very highly prize after the busy summer. Their presence among us is conducive to spiritual strength and the good influence thus shed upon all serves to draw us nearer to the God of purity and love. We have had several privileges the past summer. Prof. Osgood of Boston has kindly favored us with two hours musical training and made several short calls while he tarried at Poland Springs. Later, the two leading musicians from Poland Springs came down to our home and kindly gave us two concerts from the organ and violin. They belong to the Boston Symphony Orchestra which consists of eighty men. Our crops are almost harvested except the apples of which there are but fe w this season. Later, apple-pie will be 'a rarity' with us. Winter is close at hand and the Summer has past so quickly that it seems like a dream to look back over the past months. Ada S. Cummings. East Canterbury N. H. Oct. 16, 1898. Home Notes rather husky this time, for either by corn or cold all have been touched. The statistician is not prolific on farm topics, merely reporting silos full and more to follow. Dairy steady. Potatoes good crop, probably five hundred bushels, other vegetables very respectable both in quality and quantity. In honor of this unprecedented corn year, a 'Corn Corn-cert' was held on the evening of the 6th inst. The program rendered may interest our readers, and at the same time adjust the Home Notes column for East Canterbury to the standard length. Corn Corn-cert. Corn-vivial Corn-vergence. Quartet. Corn-flict, Orchestra. Corn-sentaneity, Children. Corn-glomeration Duet, Piano &amp; Organ. Corn-temporation, Quartet. Corn-cussion, Orchestra. Corn-sumption. Quintet. Piano &amp; Organ. Quartet. Children. Orchestra. Corn-sternation, Corn-temporaries, Corn-cord, Corn-firmation, Corn-vulsions, Corn-elusion, Quartet. Jessie Evans. Pleasant Hill, Ky. Oct. 1898. Oitr peaches and apples are a failure. Vegetables and small fruits are good. It has been many years since we noted a failure in our apple crop, and yet we have many blessings for which to be thankful. JSrancy Hupe.