CHRISTIAN COMMUNISM. By Elder Henry G. Blinn. WHOEVER becomes interested in the teachings of Jesus the Christ, becomes also interested in all that is an outgrowth from that work. It is very true that Jesus never establisht a permanent community, altho his life was wholly given to that end, and those who were called to be with him were a kind of first-fruits of the kingdom of God. 'All who believed were together and had all things common. Neither was there any among them that lackt, for as many as were possest of lands or houses, sold them and distribution was made to every man according as he had need.' A united inheritance in all things, spiritual and temporal is founded in the unity of God in Christ. The family of Christ is one, one body and one head, one Lord and one baptism. From the introduction of the Mosaic Law to the time of which we are now speaking, there was an inspiration flowing through the prophetic spirit which admitted and encouraged the dissemination of a love and care which might extend beyond the borders of the private, selfish family interests. A remarkable lesson on this subject was the gathering of the manna by the children of Israel. Every one gathered as he had need. All shared alike. If through selfishness any one gathered more than his right, it spoiled in his house so that he was in no better condition than his neighbor. During forty years that people held their property in common and when they reacht the land of Canaan, 'This land is mine,' saith the Lord. If they .162 THE MANIFESTO. bought and sold for me and mine, it was for a limited season and then all debts were cancelled and all the bondsmen were made free. It is very readily seen that Jesus in the first of his ministration left the selfish course of the world and accepted the principle of united inheritance. To be a disciple of Jesus was peculiar in itself, and all men would know it by this one expression,Their love one for another. Other religious leaders had their disciples and their corresponding selfishness, but the family of Christ was to be one in its self-denial, in its cultivation of peace and in its general life practice. Jesus was a Teacher and one of his pupils was a rich young man. He ran to meet Jesus and kneeling before him, askt, 'Good Master what shall I do that I may have eternal life?'Matt, xix., 16. We suppose that the young man had great love for Jesus and a strong faith in his testimony. He was anxious to learn from this good master. The reply that Jesus made was that of a kind and hopeful parent, 'Thou knowest the commandments.' It was as tho he had said, 'If thou wilt enter into life keep the commandments.' This was not a prodigal son that had ruined himself through the transgressions of the Law, and he replies,'All these things have I kept from my youth,' and yet with all this care and discipline he could not enter the community or family of Jesus. He had done well so far, but said Jesus, 'One thing thou lackest. If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven.' Why should Jesus ask this young convert to sell all his possessions? Why should he be told to give his property to the poor, unless it was to teach him a lesson in community interest? In this unitary home there would be no rich, no poor, but all would be Brethren and Sisters. The remark that was made to this upright, rich man so astonisht the disciples that they began to enquire, 'Who then can be saved?' It had never occurred to them that a little personal property would prevent them from being disciples of the Lord. While the community system was being discussed, Peter gave evidence that he was quite prepared for the work. 'Behold,' said he, 'we have forsaken all to follow thee.' And yet there was a doubt in his mind. He could not see clearly the advantage of forsaking his business relations and giving his goods to the poor and running the risk of getting little or nothing in return. At this same time Jesus was saying to the disciples, 'I have not where to lay my head.' I am not so well off as the birds of the air. It was the representation of extreme poverty. 'The king's sons,' said he, 'can dress in purple and fine linen and fare sumptuously every day.' It is not strange that people of wealth should turn away sorrowfully, after they have learned that they must sell their goods and give their money to the poor, before they can be accepted. If the heavenly kingdom is to be estab- THE MANIFESTO. 163 lisht on earth, the same condition that makes the heaven in the world to come will also make a heaven in this present life. Here is the petition, 'Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven.' And the kingdom is truth, justice, purity and God's love for man. How very different is this from the present state of Christian society. Many who call themselves the saints of God on earth, dwell in palaces and live like king's sons. They know no want, while their Christian brethren may dwell in an ill-furnisht cottage or be provided for in the almshouse. That this should be the condition of the children of this world does not seem strange. 'They have their reward.' While the apostles were waiting in Jerusalem for the holy spiiit to be poured upon them, the day of Pentecost arrives and Peter in his anxiety makes this enquiry, 'Men and Brethren what shall we do?' They could only do this,-^-inspire the multitude with the testimony of Jesus, as they had been inspired at a former day. They could teach only that which Jesus had taughtto forsake all and follow Christ in the regeneration. The history of this first church informs us that the multitude were of one heart. Neither said any of them that aught of the things which he possest was his own. Neither was there any among them that lackt, for as many as were possessors of lands or houses, sold them and brought the prices of the things sold to the apostles. Jesus and his disciples must have maintained this same equality, and the same lessons were being carried forward at the feast of Pentecost. Stepping out of their selfish interests, they were brought into fellowship so that those who believed were together and had all things common. They sold their possessions. 'Go,' said Jesus, 'sell all thou hast.' No such sacrifice of one's property for the good of the whole could ever have been made unless the spirit of. God was manifest in it. But the promise of God was sure. They received an hundredfold of houses and lands, fathers and mothers in this worid and in the world to come, eternal life. This story of the church is well worth studying by all professing Chris tians. The pretended consecration of Ananias and Sapphira was met by a just retribution. Peter says, 'While it remained, was it not thine own, and after it was sold was it not in thine own power? Thou hast not lied unto man, but unto God.' The apostles were in no especial need of the property. He might have kept the whole of it, and he knew this fact quite well. The poor man was double-minded. He wanted to be received into the church, and still wanted to retain a part of his selfish possessions. This man is a type of the many who have professedly consecrated themselves before God, who have assumed a form of Godliness, while at the same time they have reserved for themselves some of this world's goods, or some idol of the heart. It was a failure. Failed to give up all, failed to bear a full cross, failed to be harvested from the world. In the Christian church 164 THE MANIFESTO. the comforts of earth and the blessings of heaven are equally alike. 'Let the brother of low degree,' said James, 'rejoice in that he is exalted, but the rich in that he is made low.' The apostle was making a contrast between the rich and the poor as referring to property. But in this day the subject would create no interest in the Christian church. The poor man has no special benefit over which he need rejoice, but in the Pentecostal community he would have been exalted and would have shared equally with his rich brother. The rich man at the same time could rejoice that he had the privilege of sharing with his poor brother. In accepting this testimony of Jesus the Christ, we accept his life example which leads to a separation from the world and to a universal brotherhood of peacemakers and thoughtful workers in practical righteousness. East Canterbury, N. H.