SELFISHNESS. By Annie R. Stephens. Q\ ELFISHNESS has been truly called the 'first angel of evil.' We have k3 only to cast our eyes outwardly, yea even inwardly to have this verified. Self-interest,how like a net-work it runs through the whole fabric of our lives; let us analyze our best motives ; are they not most frequently subject to the influence of personal consideration ? 'Know thyself' was the injunction of a Grecian philosopher; yet man knows everything better than himself; he has peered into the stellar world, dug into the interior of the earth, controlled many of the subtle elements of nature, and even mapped the bottom of the ocean, yet he is far from knowing his own nature and its essential attributes, we may suppose that through his knowledge of these things may yet be evolved something superior to the present animal man. It is well for us at times to tear away the veil of selfishness, and let the light penetrate our hearts, revealing our true condition and how far our lives are actuated by this sin. It is not only manifest in the desire to appropriate material gain to personal use, but in pride, arrogance, self-will, love of power, envy and malice, indifference to the welfare of others ; if we harbor these things the love of the Father is not in us; these are but a few of the branches of that great evil tree that has its roots in the lower life, that Jesus told his followers they must lay down to inherit eternal life. 170 THE MANIFESTO. Popular religious belief is founded upon selfishness,selfishness that has its origin in the sordid heart, not in the true spirit of religion. Many of our churches are gilded monuments of selfishness, where the worshipers idly resting on the merits of a crucified Savior, bow to the gods of wealth and fashion and leave unheeded their suffering brother and sister. 'Self-interest is the genuine lever of Archimedesits fulcrum, the sordid heart,it moves the world.' Let us take a broader out-look and see how this demon of self rules the world. It is written, 'thou shait have no other gods before me,' but, 'Mammon sits before a million hearths Where God is blotted out from every house.' 'With what tenacity mankind has clung to the god of gold, that selfish instinct of acquisitiveness that appropriates all it can grasp, while the weaker brother 'bites the dust of poverty.' 'Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself;' this would imply a broad fraternal relationship; but let us look at the system of war by which all civilized nations are opprest. Millions of human beings trained, armed, disciplined and equipt for mutual destruction;can anything be more opposed to the love of the neighbor? The whole system of modern civilization is the triumphant despotism of self ; the strong against the weak, producing many inequalities, while the whole earth groans with the countless miseries that come in consequence of its domination. There are none, however imperfect their knowledge of the trend of human events, but what feel a nameless apprehension of danger ahead, a revolution that must sooner or later arise to dethrone the god of self that the divine Spirit may reign in human hearts. 'Unselfishness is the very essence of true nobility.' Moses taught the principles of 'love to the neighbor,' but it only extended as far as the Jew ; it was left for the great Teacher to inaugurate the system of universal brotherhood. What an inspiration to all, is his life example of self-sacrificingdevotion to others ; how full of tenderness for the suffering, pity for the afflicted. The parables of the Prodigal Son and the Good Samaritan,how rich in imagery: how full of illustrations of that unselfish spirit that loves the neighbor better than self. In serving the neighbor we are fulfilling the highest law,the law of love; in doing this we are serving God, for the highest manifestation of God is found in human hearts. Oh, that we might dethrone this god of self! Selfishness,it hangs a veil over our eyes, darkening our minds to the true light of the Spirit; it places a stone against the door of our hearts barring them to the reception of every good thing; let us roll away this stone bidding the angel of the Resurrection, the angel of love, come forth enrobed in her beautiful garments. Do we wish to enjoy a foretaste of heaven now? the surest way is to rise above all conditions of self. Do we wish to advance the Divine Kingdom in earth? the only way is through the conquest of selfishness and this should be the aim of every individual. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.