THE COMING SAIL. By Jessie Evans. WE are upon the beach. Why we were so placed or how long we must remain we know not, we only know that we are here within sight of the broad expanse of waters between us and the land beyond. At first, we were satisfied with this life upon our vast island home, and found pleasure and sorrow enough this side of the tides to absorb our attention from day to day. At first we were happy in exploring the hidden wonders around us, content with the friendships of the loved ones near us, and engrossed in the interests of our bright, beautiful home ; but once, long ago, we caught sight of a sail which broke the human horizon for the first time. On it came until it reacht the port of our loving welcome. Then the angels at the helm whispered to our eager attentive minds tidings of that other shore just across the waters, new sweet voices invited us over, and when they past away from us again they left in our hearts newborn hopes, new ideas, new longings; for we realized that this island home is not our native country, that by and by when the 'coming sail' so commissioned shall reach us, we shall take passage, one by one, for that Fatherland on the other side. Since then, all the cares and joys here we view but as the flight of hours which draws us nearer to the life whose cares are all joys. The idea of permanence has gone now. Our eye is eagerly scanning the face of the waters to catch the next sail, for many have called this way since that memorable day so long ago. As they came and went, we learned more and more of that other home. Some of our companions were too busy on the sands to watch for the incoming barques, but those who waited on the border line caught each time the precious whispers. Sometimes they brought sad news perhaps that a beloved co-worker must take passage, and mid our tears we said farewell. Still at all times, breath- THE MANIFESTO. 165 ings of a holier atmosphere reacht us, healing the wound and soothing our sorrows. Through this medium our souls reacht out in their aspirations over the waters. Our prayers, deep and fervent, found the .spiritual telegraph which spans the distance and now we talk as of yore with the dear ones who seemingly left us. Across the deep, our ideals have touched the diviner shore. Now, as we fulfill our lesser duties upon this nether beach from day to day, we fail not to watch for the 'coming sail' which keeps us in touch with the land from which they comethe 'heart's true home.' Spiritual expectancy is a virtue to be encouraged. Nothing is worse than an indifferent self-satisfied Christianity, if such can exist. If we possess that type of so-called religion, which allays the continual hungering and thirsting after righteousness ; if we are so good that we are satisfied to be no better, it is time to question our status. A plant that ceases to grow commences to decay. There is no such state as indifference in a Christian's mind. He is continually reaching after new themes for thought, restful yet ever restless, satisfied yet dissatisfied, ever rich yet longing to be richer toward God. A mind that is content with one type of happiness, one grade of education, is not a mind worthy the name. Eternal progression, endless growth, is the law of the mind. Growth is maintained by inspiration, physical and mental. The hope of a nation or of an individual is its growth. As one has truly said, 'It is not so much where we are, as in what direction we are moving.' Our nation encourages enterprise and invention in its citizens by holding out strong inducements to the fittest, by denying its responsible offices to the incapable. Hence we are bound to be a growing government. It is said of Edison, that when one of his wonderful schemes is perfected, his interest holds it no more. He relaxes his mental grasp upon it that he may attempt another and greater benefaction, is pleased with one success only until the possibility of another is conceived. Thus should it be with men in every vocation, attempt and attainment constantly alternating and ascending. A nation bound by irrevocable laws; a church anchored to an iron creed, cold and inspirationless ; a mind whose circle of vision is what has beenare crimes before the light of present revelation which administers 'strength according to thy day.' The 'coming sail' toward which the gaze should ever be turned, means to us just what we need. God's inspirations, so beautifully adapted to our shortcomings, are sent to answer our prayers, to echo our praises and to suggest the new line of consecrated service. Into each horizon come these blessed 'sails.' Are we too busy with our .tasks in the sands to note their approach ere they have past? East Canterbury, N. H.