NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. October. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1897. 52.23 .75 in. 1898. 54. 7.75 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 80 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 36 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 8 ' ' clear ' ' ' 8 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 15 Nov. 1898. It is but a short time since we left our mooring at Port Aquarius to take a sail in our terrestrial ship around Old Sol, and here we are again almost in sight of the port we left but a few days ago. How rapidly the seasons fly! We take no note of time but from its passing. Yesterday we commenced life's journey full of life and brilliant anticipations. To-day we behold life's sun rapidly approaching its western horizon. To-morrow we sink from mortal sight. What have the years of toil and strife availed us? Is the prospective harvest cheering? Have the anticipations of life's rising sun been realized. In the course of its revolution has its lustre been augmented, giving brilliant hope of a glorious immortality? It is said;Natural things are typical of the spiritual; that our mortal existence is only the nursery sphere of our eternal fruition. Then how careful should we be to have it trained to virtue, grace and goodness. The seasons each have a special influence in the production of the varied results of the natural world, and the perfection of the varied fruits, whether they be mineral, vegetable or animal, are dependent on the degree of perfection of the seasons as to their growth and development. Entire clouds or entire sunshine; entire moisture or entire drouth are not conditions to produce perfection in any domain of nature, but a consistent alternation of these is essential to produce the desired result. As are the natural, so are the spiritual conditions properly and wisely administered, necessary to develop a perfected spirit. These are home reflections. On earth we've no abiding home, hut tost as billows beat; Then Father in thy boundless love permit us a retreat. Permit us life and joy in Thee, as purer we become, And at the last, O gather us to Thee, our peaceful home. Things with us in this mundane sphere, are pursuing their wonted course. Plenty of work for both heart and hands. The products of the soil are chiefly garnered. Winter work will soon be ours. Health of the family is convalescent. Idle hands are absent. We have received calls of late from the two Enfields of Conn, and N. H. Such visits are like sweet reviving terms- 186 THE MANIFESTO. showers, or pleasant sunshine; they are feasts of joy. New York hands and teams are working on the State road. Their ambition is to have it graded by New Year's, and to have it ready for travel by next July. Calvin O. Heed. North Family. Nov. 1898. All, good things come to those who wait, and Italy has come to us in the several scores of laborers upon the new State road running through our choicest meadow lands and apple orchards. Our gift to the State is certainly a freewill offering, and no compensation will come to us in any way excepting the happiness of making the traveling public more comfortable and probably, for that very reason, the State government more secure. For comfort brings contentment, and contented citizens are always the most loyal. The old earth seems to be swinging in spirals, moving higher and higher at every revolution and we are rejoicing at the broadening and deepening of the light. Visitors still come, of the highest order of intelligence and aspiration, and some are asking entrance to our homes, that here, withdrawn from the strifes and tumults of business they may work for God and for His Christ. More and more do we feel the necessity of being prepared for these eager seekers and questioners. More and more do we feel that we must keep ourselves close to the heart of the all-pervading Christ; that the best of mind and heart and spirit must be ours would we attract and secure the best. That to stand on a plane above the spiritual of the outside life means t now to stand very high indeed. We feel that we must keep constantly in mind the truth, that not the customs of our Order, grown stiff and mouldy with years, attract and retain, but the principles of which no jot or tittle shall ever fail; for God is eternal and they are of God. u' Ada Brown. South Family. Nov. 1898; On a sunny afternoon of Sept. last we took a ramble in quest of new scenes and pleasures. Our first call was at the Office of the Church family where we found a busy band, sowing the seed of industry. There was Eldress Dorothy Wright, who is a faithful worker in the cause of right, Sister Florinda Sears, one of the 'Sears of the Ages,' Sisters Emma J. and Sadie Neale who kneel daily in prayer and praise, and our younger Sister Carrie Wade who will wade through time a trusty helper in the 'cause that needs assistance.' All were engaged in the manufacture of cloaks, and fortunate are they who purchase of them, for their work is perfection. Leaving the genial company of cloakmakers, we past to the family dwelling where we found Brother Ferdinand who guided us through unfamiliar halls to the neat and airy kitchen. A party of Sisters were completing the noon work. Here we met Sister Amelia Calver, who isknown as a writer, scholar and teacher participating in the duties of domestic economy on which she is the best authority. She piloted us through the winding ways of their light, convenient cellars where order and neatness reign supreme. Then through the well cultivated vegetable gardens we went, where the harvest had commenced. Elder Calvin G. Reed has special care of the garden and a better one would be impossible to find. In a nook by the dwelling house may be seen a mound of small stones, overgrown with flowers of various colors forming a pretty and unique fancy flower bed. This is the work of Brother Martin Jones. We called on some of the ancients of the city and found Sister Mary Hazzard busy and bright, tho eighty-six new years have past since she commenced the battle of life; Yet she is happy at her work, The nicest things she makes, She knits fur caps and nice fur gloves And moulds out sugar cakes. THE MANIFESTO. 187 And baskets, dainty ones they are, They're blue and pink and white, With pretty cushions nicely wrought, Which would a queen delight. And Sister Matilda Reed who has witnest the frosts of eighty-two winters, makes and repairs garments for the brotherhood, and executes some of the finest work on the cloaks. Verily, verily I say unto you she runs with patience the race which is set before her. Sister Matilda was for many years the presiding Eldress of the Church family. We had a pleasant visit with Sister Ann Maria Greaves who, like the others, was stitching on cloaks. Sisters Cornelia French and Sarah Cutler, makers of the pies and bread and other goodies, entertained us most agreeably and we sampled some of their delicious dishes. Thus the afternoon was pleasingly and profitably spent. Nov. 7th Sisters Caroline Whitcher and Myra Green of Enfield, N. H. made us a flying visit. They only paused to rest their wings, but we were just glad they were weary enough to rest among us. We hope others will be induced to seek rest and find it. Genevieve DeGraw. Shakers, N. Y. Nov. 1898. We have been reminded of the words of a good old hymn commencing, 'Let names and sects and parties accost our ears no more.' The reminder came while comtemplating the fact that even if used aright they were only temporary instrumentalities in the development of life; in the advancing of its ideal to a higher plane and causing it to more fully understand the universal scope of the power of truth, but its ultimate triumph does not depend upon the success or failure of any 'sect or party. We have increast in hopefulness and had our conscious knowledge of the progress of truth strengthened by the perusal of 'The New Man,''A magazine devoted to the mastery of sin, disease and poverty.' Truly the testimony of the everlasting gospel is going forth in the earth, not in the forging of creeds that only cause the human soul to place a limit to its advancement, bvit in the proving that the universal brotherhood of the race is not afar off but is even nearer than our limited vision and understanding is willing to admit. The literature that has been placed before the public and is constantly renewed dealing with the questions of the responsibility and obligations of human society to more intelligently understand what is its duty and how to proceed in the elimination of the wrongs that have largely been transmitted from the past as well as those which the present age must be responsible for, is increasing at a ratio never before known. We have had placed in our hands for review a work entitled, 'The New and True Religion,' by Charles M. Stebbins. It deals vigorously with the questions that are calling for reform in the Political,. Social and Religious world. We certainly can not help but be encouraged to keep toiling for an increasing light on the lineswhich as an organized body of religious communists we believe is right, when we realize that all who with an honest heart are seeking for a more perfect understanding of the truth are being blended together in spirit as the heart of one, regardless of external environments. November records the first snow of the season, on the 7th. inst. and tho of that amount it needed the operation of the imaginative powers to help in the observation, enough to say we had a flurry of snow. Our autumnal season has been very fine giving us beautiful weather for harvesting our crops, of which on the whole we can not complain, tho some have fallen short of the average. Hamilton DeGraw. East Canterbury N. H. Nov. 1898. The first snow storm arrived in this vicinity on the 10th inst., just one day earlier than last year. About one inch fell&gt; 188 THE MANIFESTO. which the small boys were quick to use for architectural purposes during its brief stay. About five hundred bushels of apples have been kiln dried this autumn; and for the first time with us a squash-bee was held, during which fifty large squashes were cut into sections about an inch thick. The process of drying the latter occupied a day and a half, and results gave good satisfaction. General Kepairs is in active service at present date and a lively 'hammering campaign' is before him. Leaky roofs and uncertain flooring have occasioned several vigorous attacks already. We decide to give the 'minute men' winter quarters here, that any sudden uprisings may be settled at once. These northern winters are calculated to test the enduring qualities of all tilings animate and inanimate, and the approaching one is to be among the keenest, so say the weatherwise. The chickadees and'sparrows have decided to cast in their lot with us, it seems, and the crows are still in the neighborhood. Sewers not sowers are brought to the front this season, the farmers' favorite topics fall off with the leaves. Sisters report brisk motions and fanciful notions in the line of sale needlework, in anticipation of additional calls during the holiday shopping. Jessie Evans. Narcoossee, Fla. Nov. 1898. There is nothing more discreditable to the southern agriculture than the slow neglect of cultivating some of the different grasses, and stop the large importation from the north. It is a common thing to hear this argument,'The grasses of the tropics grow wide apart and are coarse, while those of the north are fine and sweet. They are far more nutritious and better for animal food.' But why should this justify the neglect when many of the northern farmers, even of our nation, are trying some of the northern grasses, and thus far give good testimony as to their growth here in the sunny south. Our own experience has taught that Crab Grass can be grown to profit when rightly cared for and cured. That our animals will eat it with willingness as they would eat the fine Timothy grass. Crab Grass is the natural grass of this state. Grass culture has always been the index of progressive agriculture in newly settled countries. The first aim of the farmer, always has been, in our northern states, to make good feeding grounds for the animals. This has been a total neglect on the part of our southern farmers with their great plains and prairies as they have depended on the wild grass that nature has given them. Thus we see the cause of the inferior breed of cattle that has filled the state. But northern people who are now looking to the sunny south for a home in old age, and know the value of a northern acre of grass, are making a gradual change, to prove to our southern friends that certain northern grasses will flourish here as well as in the north. Slavery rendered cotton and orange growing general and almost exclusive, because of the limited capacity of the negro race. Most every improvement had been neglected until the freeze of 189495, which was an experience unknown to this generation, and in fact without a parallel in the history of the state. The farmers seemed dazed and knew not what course to pursue. Destruction and ruin stared them in the face. These people, however, did not give up to despair. Not depending wholly on fruit culture, they entered largely into the raising of vegetables, which is proving of untold wealth to. the country. We now see car loads of vegetables as well as of fruit, pass out of the state. Andrew Barrett.