Union Village, O Nov. 1898, Perhaps a brighter, pleasanter November morning never dawned upon us, than the present. Weather moderate; sky clear, and the colored leaves dropping to the ground. The union, love and good feeling in the family, all that could be desired, as each goes about his particular vocation. Our crops are all in and well housed but corn, and that is coming in as fast as husked. It proves to be a very good crop, but some of it is a little soft, which can be fed to the pigs and chickens before it moulds. Our potato crop was very light as is mostly the case in the S. W. section of Ohio. On the whole the season has been very propitious in the supply of plenty of rain, and also fine days for harvesting the grains and fruits of the earth. Tidings seldom reach us from the Georgia Colony, but we hope they are doing as well as the drawbacks of our day will allow. One of these, and perhaps the greatest, is the spiritual death and darkness covering the U. S. A. at this time. Money greed, sensual pleasure, political gambling seem to have absorbed the average American citizen and all religious feeling is supprest beneath its crushing influence. It seems uncertain whether or not the war is over, but we earnestly pray that such is the case. What a hideous relict of barbai'ism war is. What a dismal blot on the escutcheon of any people. Just think of it,A nation professing Christianity, which demands of its votaries, Love to all enemies, and prayer for those who despitefully use them and abuse them; meeting one another to see who can kill the greatest number of his fellow-beings aye! and Christian priests acting as Chaplains for their encouragement in shedding the blood of their brethren!and these Christians continue to inflict capital punishment upon murderers, as tho one murder was one atom better than another. I would no sooner destroy a man's life, under sanction of law, than outside of it. 190 THE MANIFESTO. O Christianity!What unspeakable crimes have been and are committed in thy name. But God will sooner or later correct all this. But notwithstanding all this our Heavenly Father is gradually moving this and all other worlds into higher, happier and holier conditions. So let us be patient .and one of these days we shall see the right prevail. O. C. Hampton.