Correspondence. Kind Elderess Mary Whitcher... South Groton, Sept. 14, 1863. Kind Elderess Mary Whitcher ;I should have complied with your request long ago and have sent you the little narrative, related by Brother Abijah Worcester, concerning Lafayette, but I now send it with many thanks for former favors and with my best love to all. To render it a story with a beginning as well as an end, and to show the consistency of his being attracted by the inspiration of Believers, I will introduce the matter by a few remarks upon his evidently peculiar organization. Believers in special providences, have long considered that the Marquis de Lafayette was one of the best mediums ever brought under natural inspiration. His physical, moral and circumstantial qualifications were happily adapted to his remarkable intuitive capacity. He came forward in life a young man, uncontrolled by others, before he was of age. He was of noble lineage, great powers, strong mind, ardent love of character, strict moral integrity and his sweetness of disposition, inspired for him love and universal respect in all circles of Society, in an extraordinary manner. He was born to move among the highest aristocracy at the French Court. At the age of nineteen he was in public life; and among the millions of Frenchmen none had more fairly entered the road to earthly glory and honor. Before he was twenty years of age, he was commissioned in due form to hold rank in the French army. It was at this period, that the American Colpnies were struggling for independence. Prince William of England was making a tour through France, near where Lafayette's regiment was quartered, THE MANIFESTO. 179 and was a guest of a French nobleman in that neighborhood. The loquacious English prince, tho among the more liberty-loving Frenchmen, commenced an unreserved conversation respecting the American wTar. Perhaps none at the table but himself had any definite knowledge of the character of that struggle, or the true object the Americans were contending for. With great frankness the duke talked the whole matter out without the least duplicity or covering. There is no believer in inspired cause and effect, but would discern at a glance, that his caution was controlled, his perception beclouded, and his descriptive powers excited, by some higher presiding agency. He is reported to have been very eloquent, candid, and to have represented the Americans an opprest people struggling for liberty, tho he seemed unconscious of what he was doing. Deep down in the soul of the youthful Marquis, lay slumbering a noble patriotism, unbounded liberality, a universal love of his race, and a disposition which would prompt him, when rightly inspired, to sacrifice all, and pour out his life blood like water, in defence of the rights of man. The story of the prince, and the spirit that inspired it thrilled the inexperienced soul of Lafayette like holy fire. It awakened the budding powers of his manhood and aroused the newer and greater qualities of his being into action. In contemplating the man, to many he seemed quickened and transformed into a new being. He suddenly became developt in the wisdom of a Sage, and the courage and daring of a hero. He soon presented himself as the champion to crush out tyranny that human freedom might be erected upon its ruins. He seemed moulded for the very age in which he lived ; his whole career in the new and old world, and the part he took in both, proves it. On the world's wide plane, upon which he acted, no man ever had a better opportunity to show the weakness and blemishes of the human character; but tho moving among the most varied and corrupt masses, and effecting the most fearful overturns, his character through life for consistency, firmness and moral virtue, ever stood untarnished. Lafayette's first interview with Washington, goes far to prove that he was a strong medium, passing review under the severe inspection of a Master spirit, of the same organization. With a board of Officers, he sat down to dine with Washington, and before the hour had expired, by careful observation and deep impression, his whole character was read, and read correctly, by the great American Chief. Tho a child in years, by clear penetration and the impulse of an incomprehensible inspiration, he was attracted to Washington, as to some guardian angel. In him he saw all the qualities of sage, soldier, and civilian for which he longed; and drawing near to the great chief to study there, he was unconsciously influenced by spirits, which ministered to the Father of his Country. We introduce this singular man in this manner, to claim that it was not 180 THE MANIFESTO. possible for him to enter where any kind of inspiration was agitating human beings, without being excited by it. Among the many confidential labors and missions entrusted to Lafayette, he was sent from Albany to negotiatewith the Indian tribes, to take up the war hatchet for the Americans. In his intercourse with them, he commanded their veneration and enlisted many of the red warriors, in defense of the colonies. It was on one of these missions as he past that way, he called on the Believers iu Watervliet. It was an important period in the inspiring commencement of 'the latter day.' A time when many were flocking to Mother Ann and the Elders to hear the gospel requirements, and the tidings which brought salvation; a period when all became quickened by the power and inspiration which attended the first witnesses of truth who proclaimed Christ's second coming. When the Marquis entered the neighborhood at Watervliet, where the gathering was fast progressing, he heard of their meetings, and in company with another officer, he called to visit them. Among the Believers there were many who had been connected with the army from the beginning; some who had joined before, and some after Lafayette had entered the service, and as both officers were in second regimental dress they were easily recognized. He entered very quickly the little dwelling where they first held their meetings. Some were conversing, some passing in and out, and some were under singularly inspired operations. Among the most eccentric of these cases were the outward manifestations of Abijah Worcester. He and many others were men and women of strong minds. They had investigated diligently, had received faith correctly, and believed that Mother Ann was inspired by Spirit power to declare to them the most self-sacrificing word of God ever uttered. According to the laws that, control organizations, it was utterly impossible for Lafayette with his singular powers, to enter a place with such surroundings and not feel the state of the atmosphere and the electrical current into which he had entered. Lafayette was tall and majestic and he silently and busily engaged himself in closely inspecting the strange scene before him. True to his mediumistie powers, where the most remarkable inspiration was apparent, there he was the soonest agitated and attracted. Abijah Worcester was at that time under perpetual agitation, jerking, shaking, twisting in sudden convulsion. Seated in the rear of the room, Lafayette past directly through the crowd, and quietly seated himself by his side; to him he devoted his undivided attention. He looked steadily and watchfully upon him, and when agitated and moved,, he would lay his hand upon the limbs of the subject. Thus closely observing him at all times, embarrassed Abijah greatly. He said he felt him to be a powerful spirit, that brought him into great bondage. Wishing to break thisdisagreeable spell, and find relief from the singular freedom thus taken with his gifts and person, he said to Lafayette, 'You seem desirous of obtaining this power,' but the only answer received was, 'It is desirable.' THE MANIFESTO. 181 By this time, Abijah became so disconcerted, that he suddenly arose and walked out of the door, but Lafayette rose as suddenly, and iollowed him. Determined to make good his escape from Lafayette, he cast about in his mind to determine what he should do next, and finally went down to the barn ; but his investigator followed. The condition of the pursued was rendered more awkward, in every movement the pursuer made, and to make it appear to the latter that he had business there, he seized the broom and went to sweeping the barn floor; taking all the pains to clean and put the place in order that was necessary, but the patience of his inquisitorial friend was not to be exhausted, for speechless and motionless, he serenely waited to see what the next move would be. The sweeper of the threshing floor now started for the house but close in his footsteps followed the man. Resolved to escape at all hazards, he lifted the hatchway and walked down into the cellar, Lafayette still following. The confusion of Abijah at this period of the chase, may be imagined, but not easily described, but resolved upon one more effort to escape, a rude ladder extended from the cellar to the room from whence they started; Abijah, ascended hastily, but as hastily was he followed up by the unrelenting Lafayette. In all these moves, turns and round turns nothing like levity or ridicule was apparent in the man, but a settled determination to learn what power or impulse controlled Abijah and caused these slrange movements. When they returned, Mother and some of the Elders and others were in the room, and by these Lafayette was soon drawn into conversation. Abijah seized a favorable moment to slip away from the company. What followed, he learned from those who were present at the interview. Lafayette enquired what the nature of the religious movement among them was, that brought so many people together. Mother Ann described to him the work Believers were engaged in. That the kingdom of Christ was gradually opening upon the earth, and many were awakened to see their lost con dition, and were coming to judgment. That after passing through a preparatory work they received the spirit of Christ and became inspired with the true light and power of salvation. Lafayette enquired why he could not share in this power as well as others. Mother Ann now under inspiration, plainly declared to him, that his time had not come to share this blessing. She seemed to understand his plea and informed him that a great work lay before him on the earth plane, and that he would have to pass through a wide field of suffering before he could ever receive this gospel of salvation. In after years he may possibly have recalled the words of this singular prophetess, when what was promist under inspiration became a fact in his sorrowful life. It may often have come back to his meditations as he lay bound for years in the cold dungeons of Olmutz and Magdeburgh. However this may have been, in the bloody struggles of the French Revolution or in 182 THE MANIFESTO. his exile in foreign lands something of this kind was unquestionably revived in his recollection when his spirit took its flight from the noble earth form of the Marquis de Lafayette. Many, I think, remember the startling intelligence that reacht America of his sudden death. After his decease was reported in Paris the first packet that came to America, brought the sad news, but ministering spirits at the time of his death, honored Believers with the first reliable dispatches. The night after his death, one of the Brethren at New Lebanon saw Lafayette and others near him in a vision, and from his own spirit he learned that he had past into the regions of immortality. Daniel's vision was no more certain to him than this was to the more modern visionist. From the impiession made, the dreamer was so confident of the fact, that when he arose with the morning, he stated without qualification that Lafayette was dead. The statement made its impression; the dream of course was remembered ; the date recorded; and when the tidings reacht this continent the statements were proved. Washington was born to break the strong chains which bound the colonies to the old world. Lafayette was led by that power which guided the destiny of nations, to join hands with Washington and pass through this first fiery struggle and be taught by his genius, and to drink deeply of his inspiration. Their leal labors lay in two hemispheres. Washington ever cherisht the same tender recollection of Lafayette, that a father would for a beloved son. In the bloody struggle of the French Eevolution the sympathy of Washington was the strongest power which supported the Marquis; and while suffering through gloomy years of prison life, the toil he had shared and the good he had done under the Father of our Country, were among his most sustaining recollections. After he obtained his liberty, he still toiled for the welfare of France, and died, as he lived, imitating the example of the man he held dear and who had long used his influence to obtain his liberation. On the hard fought fields of the American revolution, he formed a tender acquaintance with the old patriots and heroes, who gained for America her independence. When his tried soul was releast from the fetters of mortality his spirit instinctively turned to his dearest friend Washington, and to his old associates in arms, of revolutionary notoriety in this hemisphere. When his stormy life was closed and he was awakened to realize his entrance into the abodes of the departed dead, the first consolation he 'sought, was the sympathy aud friendship of the noble patriots who first found a place in his youthful affection in this far-off nation. Inspiration teaches that many of these spirit friends were then in the work of God in the spirit land. At the head of these stood Washington, who like a guardian angel stood ready to gather into the order of redemption all who had suffered and bled with him in defence of the rights of man. It would seem certain that many of these early friends hovered over the dying couch to soothe the last agonies of the noble French hero. No doubt they were anx- THE MANIFESTO. 183 ious to conduct him to that resting place, where they had found the treasures of immortality and eternal life ; and when his soul had broken the fetters of clay they tenderly conveyed him to their own resting place. Under these considerations how singular appears to have been his first attraction to Mother Ann and the Elders, while he was a soldier in arms, a man of earth, and destined to act as the champion and leader for long years, in some of the most thrilling scenes which man ever suffered. How simple are heaven's mysterious providences, that such a man could be thus inspired and touched by hallowed fire, in the morning of life, in his attraction to Believers, to fix his attention upon the great fact which was to secure his salvation, when scenes of earth should close upon him forever. From your brother, William Leonard.