My Dear Good Elder Brother... Boston, Oct. 14, 1898. [ I would be pleased to have you insert the following letter in The Manifesto, as the writer is an interested reader of our publication. J. W.] My Dear Good Elder Brother ;I received two charming letters, filled with the love spiritprest down and overflowing from you. I have been to the Fair twice and find much there to interest and instruct. It is wonderful what progress has been made in the present century to promote man's comfort and convenience. What a stride in electricity from Benjamin Franklin's bringing electricity from the clouds, which was deemed little short of a miracle, to what is being accomplisht in the present time, by its means, and we as it were standing upon the shore looking out upon the limitless ocean of its possibilities. How the assurance 'he gave man the dominion over them' is being verified daily. Truly He who through the ages led man upward and onward, will in these latter (or as Theodore Parker would say these) .older days surely watch over and protect his children for the Mother love, that wonderful gift that cometh from above, will never weary. Oh! that the ages of the past had dealt more with the Mother God whose heart always yearned for the cry of her children. It would not have taken poor humanity so long to have learned that the Father of us all is not a God of wrath, 'an angry God and an avenging one' but filled to overflowing with love, who searches for the sheep that has strayed, and resteth not until it is safe again, and then his angels rejoice! So my beloved Brother, go on in your uplifting work preaching love in God and love in man. The seed may appear to fall in barren ground, but it has not, and does not, but will bring forth fruit abundantly! With what pleasure do I look back upon that quiet Sabbath morn when it was my privilege to meet with the Believers and receive into my soul a love spirit from the good Father and Mother, that the world can not give or take away. And 184 THE MANIFESTO. inasmuch as then, you caused it to enter into one of the least of his children, ye did it unto Him, and into your heart will come 'well done good and faithful servant, 'inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.' May God's blessing and Mother's love rest on you and yours is the sincere wish of your friend and brother.