CHANGE THE MIND. By Elder Henry C. Blinn. 'Repent for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.'Matt. Hi. THERE is something very interesting in the manner in which John introduced himself to his audience. He came, it is said, preaching in the wilderness, and the beginning of his sermon was a lesson full of life. The crowd that came to hear him must have listened with astonishment as he, without any preliminary words called upon them to repent,to change their minds,to begin to think differently from what they had been thinking, for the Kingdom of God was at hand. There was no time to waste in foolish excuses, nor in telling him what they expected to do. The Jews already understood that they were a people peculiarly favored of God, that Abraham was their father and Moses and the prophets their inspired directors. In all probability, John had made himself familiar with the Jewish history, and did not hesitate to tell them wherein they had neglected to keep the Mosaic Law, and were worshiping false gods. The traditions of men, in many cases, were more readily accepted while the commandments from Sinai had been carelessly thrown aside. In their anxiety to be and to do like the idolatrous nations around them, they had turned from God, only to be lost in their own selfishness. The Douay translation of the text prefers to have John say,Do penance for the kingdom of God is at hand. The Catholics and Protestants are a little at variance in regard to some few Biblical expressions, but the difference 178 THE MANIFESTO. is very trifling. Whether we repent or do penace it seems quite necessary that we should change the order of our lives and do better in the future than we have done in the past. One commentator thinks it should read,'Reform because the royal majesty of the heavens has approached.' The making of a change in the life of an individual seems to have been the essential feature, as Jesus used the same language on the introduction of his first sermon. John and Jesus must have been very much in harmony in their revival work. Both taught their followers the necessity of leading a new life and of walking more uprightly before God. John not only considered it necessary that his converts should be baptized in the water, but that it was equally as necessary for them to confess their sins. While the Protestant church seems to hold tenaciously to the baptizing of the new convert in water, the last, and we should say the most essential part is wholly neglected. East Canterbury, N. H.