Shakers, N. Y. Nov. 1898. We have been reminded of the words of a good old hymn commencing, 'Let names and sects and parties accost our ears no more.' The reminder came while comtemplating the fact that even if used aright they were only temporary instrumentalities in the development of life; in the advancing of its ideal to a higher plane and causing it to more fully understand the universal scope of the power of truth, but its ultimate triumph does not depend upon the success or failure of any 'sect or party. We have increast in hopefulness and had our conscious knowledge of the progress of truth strengthened by the perusal of 'The New Man,''A magazine devoted to the mastery of sin, disease and poverty.' Truly the testimony of the everlasting gospel is going forth in the earth, not in the forging of creeds that only cause the human soul to place a limit to its advancement, bvit in the proving that the universal brotherhood of the race is not afar off but is even nearer than our limited vision and understanding is willing to admit. The literature that has been placed before the public and is constantly renewed dealing with the questions of the responsibility and obligations of human society to more intelligently understand what is its duty and how to proceed in the elimination of the wrongs that have largely been transmitted from the past as well as those which the present age must be responsible for, is increasing at a ratio never before known. We have had placed in our hands for review a work entitled, 'The New and True Religion,' by Charles M. Stebbins. It deals vigorously with the questions that are calling for reform in the Political,. Social and Religious world. We certainly can not help but be encouraged to keep toiling for an increasing light on the lineswhich as an organized body of religious communists we believe is right, when we realize that all who with an honest heart are seeking for a more perfect understanding of the truth are being blended together in spirit as the heart of one, regardless of external environments. November records the first snow of the season, on the 7th. inst. and tho of that amount it needed the operation of the imaginative powers to help in the observation, enough to say we had a flurry of snow. Our autumnal season has been very fine giving us beautiful weather for harvesting our crops, of which on the whole we can not complain, tho some have fallen short of the average. Hamilton DeGraw.