Enfield, N. H. Nov. 1898. No other event ever cast the pall of THE MANIFESTO. 189 gloom over our town as did the suicide of Bertha Huse, on Oct. 31, when she left her home at early morning and last seen on Shaker Bridge, spanning Mascoma Lake. Divers from Boston were engaged and spent two days inspecting both sides of the bridge. Failing to discover the body, dynamite was purchased with the purpose to dislodge the body. Large companies of men explored the hills thinking she might have strayed there. On Nov. 3rd. Mrs. Geo. Titus of Lebanon, N. H., a clairvoyant and a stranger to the Huse family, appeared upon the scene and stated that she could locate the body. She walked to the middle of the bridge on the left side, and said the body would be found there, the head in a hollow and the feet upward. With many scruples, and amid the hum of skepticism of the people, the diver went to the place indicated and returned with the astonishing news that the statement of Mrs. Titus was correct. He had previously made what he considered a thorough search of the locality, but owing to the brush and logs which comprise the foundation of the bridge, failed to discover the body. Is not this wonderful case one more impeachable fact in proof of Spirit power? Is it unreasonable to believe that the unfortunate one, forced to her rash act by the power of inherited blood, after the receding waves of diseased materiality had rolled away and she came in contact with incoming waves of spirit life, her first awakened thought was to relieve the heavy burden of anguish from her grief stricken relations? and through the sensitive organism of Mrs. Titus, found the channel of so doing? The closing of the harvest season records 300 bushels of apples dried, 1400 weight of beet seed, 300 weight of onion seed, 20 barrels of seed corn, 26 barrels of pickles, many hundreds of heads of cabbage, beside other products of consecrated labor which merits praise and helps to keep in circulation the spirit of goodwill and blessed faith that sanctifies and hapGeorge H. Baxter. pifies life.