Shakers, N. Y. Dec. 1898. The year has transmitted to the Accountant of Time a record of its trans- actions. We hope and trust that in the compilation of the balance-sheet, the credit side will have the supremacy; and that the weary and burdened hearts opprestby the antagonistic forces of life have had those blessed angels, hope and courage, enter into the innermost chambers of their soul as loving companions to cause their despondent lives to renew their strength and purpose to grapple with the questions and problems of the coming time which will demand a solution, with earnestness and strength. While the principle of peace, and the arbitration of all disputed questions is the highest and most civilized method of dealing with the affairs of life both at home and abroad, we have seen our beloved country employed as the instrument of ^ higher intelligences to overthrow the adverse conditions that have existed for centuries and proclaim religious and political freedom to those who were in bondage. As Believers in the higher law of peace on earth and good-will unto all of the human family; giving our earnest prayer and labor for its blessed consummation, we can endorse the results that have been accomplisht while deploring the necessity for the arbitrament of war as an instrument used in its consummation, tho recognizing the fact that the seed which nations as well as individual entities have sown must have a harvest-time. Father James Whittaker once remarkt 'that the time would come when all wrongs would be righted,' and tho the mills of God grind slowly they grind exceeding small. As we are entering upon the burdens and pleasnres of the New Year we wish all of our friends and enemies too, (if it is admissible to recognize the fact of such an existence) a happy and prosperous year. May its close witness the successful advance of human thought and life one step farther toward the desired result, the universal unity of all races in the bonds of a permanent fellowship and an abiding peace. Hamilton DeGraw