West Pittsfield, Mass Dec.1898. When this message shall have reacht the members of our Home Circle another year will have opened to us. O that we might pause on its threshold to cast a glance backward at the pathway along which the old year has led us, and forward, into the way which stretches before us—the new. But nay! the pendulum ceases not its endless swinging as each moment passes; nor does the sun pause in its constant journey, all nature pushes onward, and we must join the moving throng. Let 'onward' be our motto, throughout the New Year. Even as we journey we extend the hand of fellowship to our comrades on the march, with loving greetings for the Year, for tho our fields may be widely sepai-ated we are following one great leader who has said, 'Lo I am with you alway.' To friends in northern, pine-scented forests; or beneath southern palms; or on bioad prairies of the west; or verdmt mountains of the east, we send our best wishes for a blessed New Year, and glorious march in the battle of life. We know that victory crowns the efforts of valiant soldiers in the cause of right, and so we press on 'for the prize of the high calling in Christ Jesus,' trusting in the fulfillment of the promise for 'strength according to our day.' Thanksgiving morning came, bringing to mind our many blessings, illustrated by the myriads of snow-flakes filling the air. From the next day to the present, sleighing has been quite satisfactory. This snow also drove the live stock from the pastures, indeed they had predicted its arrival and sought shelter about the middle of November. This wise company numbers two hundred cattle including eighty calves that were bought last June. Fifteen horses and colts have also been purchased and commenced the task of emptying our large barns of the immense mows of hay; Our saw-mill has been undergoing rerepairs, preparatory to its winter's work. A new pen-stock 16 ft. long and G ft. in diameter, made of steel, with connecting gates etc., has been erected, and other improvements made. The steam-boiler at the Office, which for years h is faithfully performed its work, of heating the halls and rooms, suddenly collapst and consequently a new one is in process of construction. But while these workers have been so busy out-of-doors, equally as busy have been the active fingers within. The house-work with its necessary details, form the prominent points of each day's picture, but the many corners and empty places are filled with the work upon fancy articles manufactured, and we are now busily sewing the seed for next summer's harvest. Let us determine to make this year, 1899, a glorious, crowning year in the history of our lives, our homes, our cause. Glorious, because filled with the radiance of the 'life hid with Christ in God.' Fidella Estabrook