DAYS OF YORE By Oliver C. Hampton IN the long ago, when we used to have our good and pleasant Union Meetings, Brother R. W. Pelham and I were sitting one evening in one of them, near a table, on which lay a slate. I wrote on it the following couplet and handed the slate to him, viz. 'How fondly clings the mind, To days and scenes of yore,' He replied under them,---------------'But we must leave these scenes behind And press to scenes before.' O. C. H.------------------------'But what if they were sweet, And pleasant to the mind ?'. R. W. P.------------------------'Yet their results they did complete, And must be left behind.' 7 8 THE MANIFESTO. And so we went on for some time, each saying the best he could for his own side. Since that ancient time I have come to think he was not far wrong in his sentiments on the subject. Altho there is no harm in the memory of good that has past, yet it is well to depend upon the good of the present, and the hopes of the future, for our peace and consolation. But to learn this is a great and almost invaluable attainment. What we want to gain, is a com- plete dominance over our environment, so that no vicissitude of the present, can interfere with, or destroy our peace of mind. Let us suppose we were there now. What then? Why it would make no difference how much vituperation might be uttered against us either truly or falsely ;—our tranquillity would not be interrupted at all by any amount of it. All the ordinary vexations and annoyances (and they are legion, to the undisciplined mind,) of this present existence, would flee away forever and leave us in the possession of invulnerable tranquillity. Suppose we had arrived at the condition of mind and spirit, that Jesus declared himself to be in when he said, 'I and my Father are one !' This must be possible, for our Savior said,—'Verily verily I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do, shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do.'—John xiv., 12. . Now we know that the Father is ever tranquil in mind and can not be annoyed or affected with pain, sickness or sorrow. So from this promise we ought to be thoroughly convinced, that this tranquil condition is possible for us ; not only the spiritual perfection, but thaumaturgic element of power, by which he healed all sickness and even raised the dead. This is a most glorious promise set before us and can we do better than to travel into it as soon as possible and really come into the possession of the peace that is in Jesus the Christ? If we shall be so happy as to gain it, then how soon will all the little contemptible silly annoyances of this life, (and all future existence) flee to 'the uttermost parts of Egypt,'' never more to return. O let us as one, direct all our efforts and energies to that one point: that is, let us learn to be one with the Father and try to feel just as he does in every vicissitude. I read an article in a little book of religious precepts and admonitions, one chapter of which was headed 'God's Chariots.' The author called all trials, great and small, and all sufferings so many of God's golden chariots, for our safe and pleasant conveyance away from all sorrow and suffering. And that if we would only get up into them and ride with him, (that is become positive to, and dominate and reign over them,) we should soon dissipate all the sting of their character and feel the same as the Father did toward them. This was setting forth the virtue of resignation in a new and interesting light and since that, I have tried it, and find it a very comfortable policy to pursue under all circumstances. Once more;—if we will take a little trouble to daily retire into the recesses of our Divine Inmost, (where Jesus THE MANIFESTO. 9 located the kingdom of heaven,) and there concentrate our minds upon the counsels there to be communicated from the Infinite fountain, we may at least seal our peace and trauquility for that day. And our Savior said it was best to take one day at a time. Union Village, Ohio.