A VISIT TO EAST CANTERBURY, N. H. [The following article was sent to us, by a dear friend, from the far away city of Los Angeles, Cal. but the writer comes only the distance of five miles, from the Village of London. We publish it in part. Ed.] The writer, a poor, sick old Boston musician, whose health has greatly suffered by years of battling with the inconsistent freakiness of the elements, and his purse equally so by speculating in, that is to say, in buying and disposing of many and various medical compounds termed 'sure cures,' has been summering in the little town of Loudon, N. H , just three miles from the Shakers, at Canterbury. May I hope to entertain a few of the readers of these columns with a brief description of trips numbers 1 and 2 with a small party to Shakerdom? Now here, as did we, is what the visitor rryist do. After hitching your pony, go direct to the trustees1 office. After registering you will probably be met by Brother Arthur Bruce, who is one of the trustees, a kind and courteous gentleman, and, as well, a musician. But do not be surprised should you find him drest, not as your mind had previously pictured all Shakers, in broad-brimmed hat, stiff neckwear, high straight-cut vest, long gray coat and homespun trousers. Oh, no! the younger Shakers do not dress so now; nor do they wear their hair banged in front and long behind; but on the contrary, they just dress as they please, like us world's people. Brother Bruce will kindly procure for your party a guide, who is, I think, always a Sister; who may be a typical Shakeress, sedate and prim, but always the courteous lady. Or it may be a Sister younger in years, intelligent and sprightly, but in any and all cases the Sisters will be found to be kind and faithful guides. Our visit No. 1 was what is usually termed a flying one, we having no definite aim. Upon this visit we were taken in charge by Eldress Eliza Stratton, a beautiful woman, rather on the shady side of life, but whose sweet face was plainly indicative of purity and love, and whose soft speech was golden. A grand and noble lady, and patiently and faithfully she performed her duty. Visit No. 2 was more of a business one. Now I could tell of lots of things that we saw, but space in these columns is valuable, as is time to the reader. Moreover, Shakerism is old and its origin dates far back, to France in 1689. To the time of Ann Lee, born 1736 in England, and died in America in 1784; to the time of the first community in America, at New Lebanon, N. Y., 1787, and to the time of the Canterbury, N. H. Community formed in 1792, Shakerism has been much talkt and written about by able minds. I could have much to tell of the great barn, length 250 feet; of the forty splendid cows that give forth sixty to sixty-five gallons of milk daily; of numerous—as the ladies remarkt— darling little bossies; of the three silos, capacity of each one hundred tons. Of the neat and tidy creamery and dairy, with its tiny cream separator, its churn and its butter worker, all run by steam-power. At this point I would remark that every known labor-saving device is in use in the various working departments. I could tell of the lovely opera cloaks made by the Sisters. It does look strange 10 THE MANIFESTO. in print. Shakers and opera—but there are many of them that would—mind I only think this—enjoy a fine opera. Of the knitting room, where are made—much Australian wool being used—sweaters of the finest, also golf and bicycle stockings. Of the laundry, with all the latest improvements. Of the printing office where are many presses, both of ancient and modern construction, and where are printed their paper, their magazine and many pamphlets, and even their church music is set up and printed here, the Sisters doing the work. Of the kitchen work, its patent ove.is for baking bread, pies, etc. Oh yes! they eat pies, but not pork apple pie. Of the immense stove, in the oven of which could be stowed away a ten-year-old boy. And such nice bread as they make! We bought some. Of the dining-hall, where one could literally eat from off the floor. We know that'Shaker neatness is proverbial. I could tell of the bright, sunny and cosy little schoolroom and its blackboard sketches in colored chalk, one being our ill-fated ship Maine. Of the sewing and music rooms, where were seen many bits of landscape and flower pieces in oil, the handiwork of the Sisters. Here we come to the crowning feature of our visit. At our special request we were kindly permitted to enjoy the excellent singing by the so highly praised quartet of Sisters, who kindly sang three admirable and pleasing selections. To illustrate their musicianly qualities, I would say that one piece was a beautiful and intricate arrangement by the Sisters themselves. Being a musician, I would, space permitting, like to dwell longer upon this subject, but will close it by saying that one would have to travel far and wide in order to hear better singing than that which afforded our party so much delight, and which was so beautifully and tunefully rendered as a quartet by Sisters Sarle, Fish, Wilson and Evans, and as a quintet with the addition of Brother Arthur Bruce's admirable baritone voice. Thus ended our visit to the Shakers, and all agreed to the fact that it was an instructive and a most enjoyable one. Before parting we were cordially invited to call again. Much has been said and written of these quiet people that is unfair, unjust, and, as well, untrue; still, they plod along in their inoffensive way and say nothing. It is true that in many ways they are peculiar, but not more so than those of various other sects. I would ask, how many of their faith are to be found in our penal or pauper institutions? For all moneys received from the world's people they return a fair equivalent. The rules which govern them are not so inconsistent as many may imagine. Neatness, tidiness and perfect system are forcibly evident at every turn one makes. Now the question is often askt, 'What if all the world were Shakers?' Well, all the world are not Shakers, nor ever will be. Yet when we read of the misery, vice and crime, all of which are so common with the world's people in densely populated places, one might be led to think that it w.ould be well if at least one-half of the world could be Shakers.