Books &amp; Papers The Cosmopolitan Magazine 'What do I fear?' Is a question worth asking by each man or woman. Perhaps without recognizing it the reader of this paragraph is being influenced in his ov her daily life by groundless fears that are ruinous to character. The Cosmopolitan Magazine has taken up this subject and is obtaining the views of a great many prominent people, where they are willing to open their minds frankly. A great ¦many other prominent people have refused The Cosmopolitan's request, being afraid to tell the public what they fear—perhaps even afraid to confess to themselves what they fear. The December issue includes statements from Wm. Dean Howells, Richard Choker, Admiral Ghkrakdi, Chauncey M. Depew, Viola Allen, Mne. Janauechekand Ella Wheeler Wilcox. The second series will, it is promist be even more interesting. Leavitt's Farmer's Almanac for 1899 Leavitt's Farmer's Almanac for 1899. Publisht by Edson C. Eastman, Concord, N. H. More than a century has already past since Dudley Leavitt sent out the first copy of his now indispensable Almanac. It has become a household companion, an oracle for consultation by those who travel by land or sea, or by those who remain quietly in their own homes. The Kingdom of Heaven is at Hand The Kingdom of Heaven is at Hand by C. W. Wooldiiilge, M. D. The book is publisht in the interest of the Cooperative Commonwealth, and as it is very interesting and instructive a great many persons will take pleasure in reading it. Publisht by Charles H. Kerr &amp; Co. 56 Fifth Ave., Chicago, 111. Uncle Ike's Idees Uncle Ike's Idees by George McA. Miller. This is in theinterest of the Co-operative Commonwealth but the author has taken the happy view of writing his little book of sixty pages in verse. Uncle Ike reads the Bible and so does Parson Toady, but they do not see eye to eye in regard to it. Publisnt by Charles H. Kerr &amp; Co. Chicago, 111. Word and Works Annual Almanac and monthly paper, Word and Works, are now known from sea to sea. We are pleased to call the attention of our readers to the Almanac for 1899, now ready. It is a splendidly printed and illustrated book of 116 pages and the storm forecasts and diagrams and astronomical and scientific matter are Superior to anything that has ever been seen before in a 25 cent book. His monthly journal, Word and Works, is one of the best literary, home and scientific magazines in the country, besides containing his monthly storm forecasts with explanations. The subscription price of Word and works is $1 per year and a copy of the Hicks Almanac is sent as a premium to every yearly subscriber. Single copies of Word and Works, 10 cents. Price of Almanac alone, 25 cents. Send your order to Word and Works Pub, Co., 2201 Loctiit Street, St. Louis, Mo. Popular Monthly The complete story of the sinking of the Merrimac and the capture and imprisonment of her crew at Santiago, will be graphically told in an article by Osborn W. Deignan, U. S. Navy, late helmsman of the Merrimac, in the January Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly, now ten cents, and to be publisht December 24th. The story will be fully and richly illustrated with authentic portraits of Hobson and all the crew, besides many new drawings specially prepared under Mr. Deignan's personal supervision. Other features promist for the January Frank Leslie's are: Bret Harte's new story. Jack Hamlin's Meditatit n; Joaquin Miller's In a Klondike Cabin; and Thomas B. Dawley's Campaigning with Gomez.