PEACE By Hamilton DeGraw 'Angel of peace thy white wings o'er shadow us, Thy hand scatters blessings around, Thy power hath stilled the whispers of strife, And thy chain in its golden links bound us.' WHEN General Sherman was requested to describe war he replied, 'War is hell.' 'Oh Consistency thou art a jewel,' but if we have it not in possession how can we estimate its value? The assertion is made, and it can not be successfully contradicted, that there is not a Christian nation on this earth acting in its oflicial capacity. Here are some of the proofs. In time of apparent peace there are in Europe three million armed men, ready at a moment's signal to commence the horrid din of war, maintained at the yearly expense of a billion dollars. When such an eminent statesman as Gladstone expresses his views ou this subject and points to the shoals on which the nations are drifting as the lvsult of these expensive armaments, there must be occasions for thoughtful consideration as to the result. There are individuals among all nations who understand and obey the teaching of Christ when he said, 'Put up thy sword, for all they that take the sword, shall perish by the sword.' That is the condition of our modern civilization. It is perishing; the result of fostering the war spirit represented by her mighty armies and formidable navies, and profession of peace has become a hollow mockery, an insult upon the name of civilization; and the maintaining of the armed truce is in many respects not any better than open hostilities. The chip which the pugnacious boy places on his shoulder accompanied with 1 be challenge that whoever molests it will get a whipping, illustrates the condition of so-called Christian nations. They stand to-day as instructors in the art of modern warfare. The skill of her inventors is exercised in devising more effective weapons of destruction. But the wrath of man will be made to redound to the glory of that time of which only a few have caught a faint glimpse. General Grant voiced it when he said, '•Let us have peace.' There is a growing sentiment which favors the settlement of misunderstandings between nations by arbitration rather than the sword. The desire for peace is gaining a foot-hold and its influence is being felt, but the factor which has been largely instrumental in bringing about the result is the awful destructive power of the modern enginery of war. The intelligence of man has, by perfecting those forces placed a check upon them. The race is not yet ready to plead guilty to the inditement of being fools; both sides are becoming anxious and are calling quit. Let us hope that the limit of those destructive forces has been reacht; certainly before the great nations of the earth have been roused and a conflict precipitated, the result of which would be awful to contemplate. 6 THE MANIFESTO. Conmencing the forepart of the present century and continuing to the present, an active interest has been taken to Christianize the Asiatic nations of China and Japan, and to-day Japan has taken her place in the ranks of the modern nations. She has a well-organized army and a navy of modern war vessels, well-equipt with the most perfect implements known for destroying her foes. Remember she has taken these lessons from those nations professing to be followers of the Prince of Peace,—believers in the Christ of the new dispensation. While not as one who is hopeless of better conditions believing that the war demon will forever be the curse of life, resting like an incubus upon human energies, turning the current of life downward ; but that in the good time coming nations will learn war no more and their strength will be used for the upbuilding of the stiucture. Everyone who loves peace and is anxious to see its principles become a permanent factor in human society must be saddened when he realizes how little an incident will stir the war spirit, even with the results so apparent which will follow in its wake. Europe to-day is over a volcano, ready at any moment to burst forth in a continental war. Longfellow in the poem, 'The Arsenal at Springfield,' asks ; 'Is it O man with such discordant noises With such accursed instruments as these, Thou drownest nature's sweet and kindly voices, And jarrest the celestial harmonies?' Rev. C. A. Dickinson spoke words of truth when he said, 'The only thing which will settle the turmoils and wars which agitate the world to-day is a proper respect for one another.' When the divine Master prayed that his disciples might not be taken out of the world, but be saved from its sins as they had a mission to perform in presenting to the world a better way ; its appropriateness to the present time is apparent, especially to our own Church. The testimony that Believers have held forth has been, first pure, then peaceable. The causes producing war are in their primary origin the results of the violation of the law of divine purity. If any one doubts these statements or thinks them over-drawn, let him peruse the criminal records of our newspapers and he will be con- vinced. The prayer that can with propriety be offered by all who have been shown a better way is that the temple of life may be cleansed from its unrighteousness, and then will be heard the beautiful benediction pronounced by our Lord,—'Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you.' 'Down the dark future through long generations, The echoing sounds of war grow fainter and then cease; And like a bell with solemn, sweet vibrations I hear once more the voice of Christ say peace. Peace! and no longer from its brazen portals The blast of war's great organ shakes the skies! But beautiful as songs of the immortals, The holy melodies of love arise.' Shakers, N. Y.