NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. November. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1897. 38.13 7.25 8 in. 1898. 39.07 3.125 11 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 60 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 18 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 6 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 3 ' ' clear ' ' ' 8 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 13 Dec. 1898. The tv heel of time pursues its annual round, Revolving seasons in their order placed, By the Omniscient Ruler of all worlds And systems infinite; and gave to each Its periodic revolution, so Wisely planned, that ne'er a clash occurs in All the circling universe of globes. To earth, First came tloreacent Spring with life replete, Unfolding beauteous germs of flowers and fruit Prophetic of perfected sheaves of golden grain And luscious fruit on plants and bending boughs. Next came the glorious, gladsome Summer Enlivened by the sun's effulgent rays; Crowning the teeming earth with harvest field And gardens robed with plants and fruits To recompense the faithful laborer's toil. Next came fail1 Autumn with perfected stores Of earth's abundant produce, ready to Be safely stored for our support, through all The dreary, cold, inclement winter hours. Yet 'Winter has its rightful place in the Great wheel of time's unceasing revolution ; Giving rest for Earth's recuperation. Thus every season acts a part in the Grand circuit of each perfected year, Declaring thus the wisdom, power and skill Of the great Architect Omnipotent. When the wheel of Time has made twenty-seven more revolutions we can bid adieu to the year 1898 with its visitations of storms, cyclones, tornadoes, volcanoes, typhoons, electrical disturbances, floods and destruction of lives and property on land and water. Seldom does a year contain such an amount and variety of sad catastrophies as the year 1898 chronicles. In ages past, when superstition over-awed the human mind, calamities great or small were held to be dispensations of chastise- ment direct from the hand of God as a special punishment for obdurate, sinful humanity. Why these dispensations had no respect for persons but swept all. both good and bad, into the great malevolent abyss of destruction, was a problem they could not solve. Progress has made people wiser and more scientific. 1898 is indelibly stampt upon the memory of millions of earth's inhabitants. Who can fail to give thanks that escaped these terrible convulsions? W7e have a State Road in line of con • struction, that is intended to make our transit over the Berkshire Hills easier than in the past. The road is not where we would like it nor where we would have it. Much of the travel will be out of the village, especially the rougher characters. So far, so good. An improvement is in 12 THE MANIFESTO. anticipation in our cemetery by placing honorable head-stones to the graves. Tho multitudes have past from earth to the Spirit world the present year, yet in our ranks we have no deaths to record. Calvin G. Reed South Family Dec. 1898. The last days of the Old Year are fast approaching and soon we must say our hurried good-byes and pass on to welcome the New Year with its blizzards and showers, its sunshine and flowers. Ofttimes with a flood or a drouth, but we'll welcome it here the happy New Year that smiles on the north and the south. The first snow-storm of the season came this way Thanksgiving morning like a silent benediction, frequent showers of snow have fallen since and many merry sleighing parties have improved the snowy op- portunity for making 'music in the air.' The skaters too have gone on their wintry travels around the ponds spending many mirthful hours in the healthful pastime, thus each rising son becomes a Knight of the Skate and the ice. We are busy indoors repairing and preparing for the spring-time, for 'old things must pass away and all things must become new.' We've no time to lose, for we must work while it is day and faithful be to watch and pray. Eepresentatives from the Granite State have added much to the brightness of the fall. Nov. 15th Eldress Emeline Hart of East Canterbury and Eldress Kosetta Cummings of Enfield honored us with their presence for a few hours. Our doors will ever stand ajar for their return when the good time comes. Genevieve DeGraw Shakers, N. Y. Dec. 1898. The year has transmitted to the Accountant of Time a record of its trans- actions. We hope and trust that in the compilation of the balance-sheet, the credit side will have the supremacy; and that the weary and burdened hearts opprestby the antagonistic forces of life have had those blessed angels, hope and courage, enter into the innermost chambers of their soul as loving companions to cause their despondent lives to renew their strength and purpose to grapple with the questions and problems of the coming time which will demand a solution, with earnestness and strength. While the principle of peace, and the arbitration of all disputed questions is the highest and most civilized method of dealing with the affairs of life both at home and abroad, we have seen our beloved country employed as the instrument of ^ higher intelligences to overthrow the adverse conditions that have existed for centuries and proclaim religious and political freedom to those who were in bondage. As Believers in the higher law of peace on earth and good-will unto all of the human family; giving our earnest prayer and labor for its blessed consummation, we can endorse the results that have been accomplisht while deploring the necessity for the arbitrament of war as an instrument used in its consummation, tho recognizing the fact that the seed which nations as well as individual entities have sown must have a harvest-time. Father James Whittaker once remarkt 'that the time would come when all wrongs would be righted,' and tho the mills of God grind slowly they grind exceeding small. As we are entering upon the burdens and pleasnres of the New Year we wish all of our friends and enemies too, (if it is admissible to recognize the fact of such an existence) a happy and prosperous year. May its close witness the successful advance of human thought and life one step farther toward the desired result, the universal unity of all races in the bonds of a permanent fellowship and an abiding peace. Hamilton DeGraw West Pittsfield, Mass Dec.1898. When this message shall have reacht the members of our Home Circle another year will have opened to us. O that we might pause on its threshold to cast a glance backward at the pathway along which the old year has led us, and forward, into the way which stretches before us—the new. But nay! the pendulum ceases not its endless swinging as each moment passes; nor does the sun pause in its constant journey, all nature pushes onward, and we must join the moving throng. Let 'onward' be our motto, throughout the New Year. Even as we journey we extend the hand of fellowship to our comrades on the march, with loving greetings for the Year, for tho our fields may be widely sepai-ated we are following one great leader who has said, 'Lo I am with you alway.' To friends in northern, pine-scented forests; or beneath southern palms; or on bioad prairies of the west; or verdmt mountains of the east, we send our best wishes for a blessed New Year, and glorious march in the battle of life. We know that victory crowns the efforts of valiant soldiers in the cause of right, and so we press on 'for the prize of the high calling in Christ Jesus,' trusting in the fulfillment of the promise for 'strength according to our day.' Thanksgiving morning came, bringing to mind our many blessings, illustrated by the myriads of snow-flakes filling the air. From the next day to the present, sleighing has been quite satisfactory. This snow also drove the live stock from the pastures, indeed they had predicted its arrival and sought shelter about the middle of November. This wise company numbers two hundred cattle including eighty calves that were bought last June. Fifteen horses and colts have also been purchased and commenced the task of emptying our large barns of the immense mows of hay; Our saw-mill has been undergoing rerepairs, preparatory to its winter's work. A new pen-stock 16 ft. long and G ft. in diameter, made of steel, with connecting gates etc., has been erected, and other improvements made. The steam-boiler at the Office, which for years h is faithfully performed its work, of heating the halls and rooms, suddenly collapst and consequently a new one is in process of construction. But while these workers have been so busy out-of-doors, equally as busy have been the active fingers within. The house-work with its necessary details, form the prominent points of each day's picture, but the many corners and empty places are filled with the work upon fancy articles manufactured, and we are now busily sewing the seed for next summer's harvest. Let us determine to make this year, 1899, a glorious, crowning year in the history of our lives, our homes, our cause. Glorious, because filled with the radiance of the 'life hid with Christ in God.' Fidella Estabrook Narcoossee, Fla Nov. 1893. In times of depression or when competition has grown too heavy,—the cultiva- tion of staples may cease to be remuneiative and the unfortunate producer be com- pelled to adopt some other means of livelihood. Such a misfortune may overtake the farmers of the United States. The western farmer who relies on his crop of wheat or corn for a living, is met with an overloaded market and to save the crop from utter ruin, he lets it go at a reduced price. It may barely pay the expenses. Such is competition the world over. The expences in Florida to get the produce into the northern market is exorbitant. This has killed all the courage of the producer. There is but little compared to what ought to be in the fruit and vegetable line, shipt out of the State. The It. It. are 14 THE MANIFESTO. held by two monopolists,—Flagler and Plant system. The prices are fixt to meet thfir demands, instead of an encourage- lii'. nt to the labeling people. Some of the leading minds are now wci'kin.'!,1 i(ir ;• change. They see that unless this one ti ing can be changed, Florid i is doomed for another set-back in civilization. All through the state we can seo people tilling the soil for a iiving, and the increase is small compaied with the labor. For that little increase they want some compensation if they keep the wolf from the door. As many are miles away from the market where they would be-glad to dispose of their produce, they are forced to accept the mercy of the railroad Corporations. As the inhabitants are so few and their means so limited but very little can be obtained through that channel. I understand that one of our neighbors sent a car load of melons to some northern city, and when everything was settled he realized twenty-five cents. Many acres of melons are left on the field, just for this reason. Through the goodness of some leading minds of the State, a Bill has been brought before the Legislature and Commissioners have been appointed to correct the error. There is still a hope for the poor man in Florida. Andrew Barrett Sabbathday Lake, Me Dec. 1898. The words of the Quaker poet seem in keeping with the present times wherein he says; 'Let tlie north wind strong And golden leaves of Autumn, be Thy coronal of victory, And thy triumphal song ' Most certainly it seems that the victims of the wreck of the Portland who were destroyed by the furies of the North wind, a short time since, must need some assurance ; some coronal of victory, which no doubt they received after their souls were wafted to a more friendly port, where the furies of such fearful tempests are unknown. While we are enjoying the winter holidays we will not forget to extend greetings over the banks of snow to our precious kindred in other homes, neither will we forget the needy who are always with us. We are deeply interested in the account of the visit of Lafayette to Watervliet, as narrated in the December Manifesto which has just arrived. Sister Genevieve gives a delightful description of her visit to the Church family, which makes us feel envious as we have no other family near us to visit. WTinter has set in uncommonly early and cold; bringing some sickness, but we trust all are convalescing. Ada S. Cummings Enfield, N. H. Dec. 1898. 'Home sweet home, God's precious gift to me Home sweet home, my life shall honorth.ee.' As we look at our home, not viewing especially the lovely picturesqueness of nature's associations, but at the more precious treasure ,—its inmates, we may well waft heart pseans of gratitude to God for the many blessings that are ours. For kindred, as beautiful in character as the flowers we admire, as solid in principle as the rocks of the hills about us and as constantly serving good as the stream that courses down the mountain side. Souls tested by the power of divine truth and affliction, ever self-sacrificing for the good of home's inmates, transmitting influences of pleasantness and bespeaking wisdom's works as genuine as the stars spangling the blue dome of the heaven above. As works advertise our condition and faith, to enrich home, we must blend with the realities of to-day. Dissect, construct and adjust matters in harmony with principles that lead on to victory over sin. The mortal so working has a sacred treasure more beneficial and more worthy of THE MANIFESTO. 15 adoration than any sacred relic incarcerated in cathedral, palace or institution. Our Thanksgiving Service was 'brim full' with soul-inspiring testimonials, which with the hymns, added strength and good cheer. In the evening an hour and a half was given to an entertainment by twenty-eight home folks. A beautiful feature of the event was the numerous pictures of arisen ones of our other Communal homes, decorating wall and piano. The last of the month we had with us, friends, Dr. G. Goding, of Christian Science school and Mr. Galen Fish, of Randolph, Vt. Mr. Fish a student of the Detroit Training School of Elocution and English Literature, gave us an excellent entertainment, rendering many dramatic and humorous recitations. As intermissions, the modern marvel Gramophone afforded pleasure. George H. Baxter East Canterbury, N. H. Jan. 1899. God bless the survivors of 1898! May they realize a prosperous 'Happy New Year' is the fervent wish which sounds through our ideal 'Alpine horn,' as we seek to communicate with our sister societies east, west, north and south, across the snow-clad Union. Yea, let the message of good cheer reach from New England's hill-tops and vales to the heights and levels of Kentucky. Let it wing its way to New York, thence to far Narcoossee, thus wafting a breeze of comfort to every Christian home between these distant points, and finally reaching out to the 'whole, whole world' to which we ever have a duty. The busy old year is gone—its material harvests are stored—but we have many benefits to recount as we reflect upon the past. Were we to try to number the common blessings of a day even, how futile would be the attempt! The blessing of daily association with a large household of true friends, is not of small value. Plenty of honorable employment always at hand precludes the necessity for soliciting work which yields the 'daily bread.' Toiling at our several tasks by our own pleasant firesides, where are none to 'molest or make afraid,' is certainly an added mercy. Greater than this is the conscious integrity of striving daily to grow in grace by the unselfish performance of duty in its varied aspects, helping the many rather than the few, thus gradually outgrowing the narrowness of innate selfishness. Let New England, therefore, breathe the 'home notes' of musical content, even though the blizzards have come and the summer warblers have flown. We love the birds, the summer breezes, and the flowers, but—listen! A chickadee is singing even while we write his name. Every syllable of his evening hymn is enunciated as clearly as a profest elocutionist could utter them. He seems to say, Chick-a-dee dee-dee-dee, The drifting snows don't trouble me, There's Jots of fun in yonder tree, Chick-a-dee-deedee-dee The bobolink can't rival ine, and so he seems a perfect impersonation of content. Truly, 'A contented mind is a continual feast.' The storm which proved so disastrous around the coast of the Biy State reacht us on the 27th ult., but no loss of life or property is recorded for this vicinity. Asenath C. Stickney