NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. November. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1897. 38.13 7.25 8 in. 1898. 39.07 3.125 11 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 60 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 18 ' ' Number of rainy days ' ' 6 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 3 ' ' clear ' ' ' 8 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 13 Dec. 1898. The tv heel of time pursues its annual round, Revolving seasons in their order placed, By the Omniscient Ruler of all worlds And systems infinite; and gave to each Its periodic revolution, so Wisely planned, that ne'er a clash occurs in All the circling universe of globes. To earth, First came tloreacent Spring with life replete, Unfolding beauteous germs of flowers and fruit Prophetic of perfected sheaves of golden grain And luscious fruit on plants and bending boughs. Next came the glorious, gladsome Summer Enlivened by the sun's effulgent rays; Crowning the teeming earth with harvest field And gardens robed with plants and fruits To recompense the faithful laborer's toil. Next came fail1 Autumn with perfected stores Of earth's abundant produce, ready to Be safely stored for our support, through all The dreary, cold, inclement winter hours. Yet 'Winter has its rightful place in the Great wheel of time's unceasing revolution ; Giving rest for Earth's recuperation. Thus every season acts a part in the Grand circuit of each perfected year, Declaring thus the wisdom, power and skill Of the great Architect Omnipotent. When the wheel of Time has made twenty-seven more revolutions we can bid adieu to the year 1898 with its visitations of storms, cyclones, tornadoes, volcanoes, typhoons, electrical disturbances, floods and destruction of lives and property on land and water. Seldom does a year contain such an amount and variety of sad catastrophies as the year 1898 chronicles. In ages past, when superstition over-awed the human mind, calamities great or small were held to be dispensations of chastise- ment direct from the hand of God as a special punishment for obdurate, sinful humanity. Why these dispensations had no respect for persons but swept all. both good and bad, into the great malevolent abyss of destruction, was a problem they could not solve. Progress has made people wiser and more scientific. 1898 is indelibly stampt upon the memory of millions of earth's inhabitants. Who can fail to give thanks that escaped these terrible convulsions? W7e have a State Road in line of con • struction, that is intended to make our transit over the Berkshire Hills easier than in the past. The road is not where we would like it nor where we would have it. Much of the travel will be out of the village, especially the rougher characters. So far, so good. An improvement is in 12 THE MANIFESTO. anticipation in our cemetery by placing honorable head-stones to the graves. Tho multitudes have past from earth to the Spirit world the present year, yet in our ranks we have no deaths to record. Calvin G. Reed South Family Dec. 1898. The last days of the Old Year are fast approaching and soon we must say our hurried good-byes and pass on to welcome the New Year with its blizzards and showers, its sunshine and flowers. Ofttimes with a flood or a drouth, but we'll welcome it here the happy New Year that smiles on the north and the south. The first snow-storm of the season came this way Thanksgiving morning like a silent benediction, frequent showers of snow have fallen since and many merry sleighing parties have improved the snowy op- portunity for making 'music in the air.' The skaters too have gone on their wintry travels around the ponds spending many mirthful hours in the healthful pastime, thus each rising son becomes a Knight of the Skate and the ice. We are busy indoors repairing and preparing for the spring-time, for 'old things must pass away and all things must become new.' We've no time to lose, for we must work while it is day and faithful be to watch and pray. Eepresentatives from the Granite State have added much to the brightness of the fall. Nov. 15th Eldress Emeline Hart of East Canterbury and Eldress Kosetta Cummings of Enfield honored us with their presence for a few hours. Our doors will ever stand ajar for their return when the good time comes. Genevieve DeGraw