I WILL BE WHAT I WILL TO BE. [Contributed by Ezra J. Stewart ] I mean to tread this narrow way, Whatever may betide; I care not what my flesh may say, In all its lordly pride; I will be what I will to be; From all the chains of sense set free. I will to be at one with God— And that and nothing less— In everything with full accord I will in His ways press. E'en tho He say the flesh must die; At once that flesh I' 11 mortify. 16 TEE MANIFESTO. If I am weak, what matter that? The Master's leal and true. His spirit's leadings have begat What can but bringme through. Ne'er as a coward will I flee The strife which sets my inmost free. I am determined to pursue The course I have begun; And with abounding life in view All clown that course I'll run. Hinder me not, you fearful crew; To all that's good I will be true. Sel. A DREAM OR VISION [Contributed by E. B. Gillett.] Over two years ago I dreamed that I saw three beautiful cloudy pillars of pure white. I was so delighted I turned to call another person to see them, when I lookt again the pillars had assumed the shape of a most entrancing white city surrounded by a high wall of pure white. Overcome with delight I dropt to the floor exclaiming 'O my God, I love thee.' Oft have I grieved as to the signification of the three pillars. Lately it has come clearly to me. The three pillars are significant of the three aspects presented in the true spiritual family. First, parent to child. Second, child to child. Third, child to parent. All was pure white. Selected A Discipline that has life —The Catholic University of Notre Dame, at South Bend, Ind. with 1500 students is in Prohibition Territory. 'Two students while on a visit to the City, became intoxicated. It came to the ears of the President who expelled them by telephone. They were not permitted to return to the College and their trunks were immediately sent to the depot.'—The New York Voice. The Episcopalian bishops are at variance on the subject of Marriages and Divorces. The church tries hard to make it a divine institution, but it still remains in the hands of the civil law. OUR EXCHANGES The Student's Journal, is devoted to Graham's Standard Phonography. • Publisht by Andrew J. Graham &amp; Co., 744 Broadway, N. Y. The Student's Journal is the oldest and best phonographic Journal in America. Each number has eight pages of lithographed phonography. News of importance to phonographers, portraits, biographical sketches, and facsimiles of the reporting notes of prominent phonographers are frequently given. One book firm advertises for sale, 'A Shaker Bible,' and the statement is quite misleading. The Shakers use the same version of the Bible as is used in all the Christian churches. The Book which some are pleased to call a Shaker Bible is largely a history of the Catholic and Protestant churches. 'Kind words are the music of the . world, they have a power which seems to be beyond natural causes. It seems as if they could almost do what in reality God alone can do, soften the hard and angry hearts of men. No one has ever been converted by a sarcasm, crusht, perhaps, if the sarcasm was clever enough, but drawn nearer to God, never.' Those who write for 'Home Notes' should not forget the order of that department, and write an essay on either religion or domestic duties. An article of 350 words will do quite well. The above is from The Manifesto of May 1895, page 119.