A NEW BOOK By Jessie Evans WEARY of the blotted page, the frequent mistakes, the unsatisfactory penmanship and the war of words over irksome subjects, the child in the schoolroom hurries to pen the last word on the last line of the closing page, and with a sigh of relief turns to the teacher that he may receive the promised 'new book.' How lovingly he fondles it, how especially attractive seem the clean pages in contrast with the soiled ones so willingly hidden from view, and how restfully he settles his little mechanism of brain and body to transcribe upon the first page something 'just perfect—my very best, teacher!' Just so, methinks, it is with us in this larger schoolroom of ours. The volumes of our life are handed to us one by one by the great Guide of human destinies, and whether we approach our daily lessons cheerfully or reluctantly, write we must—just so much each day. If the human side revolts in its submission, there is an invisible current within that, tho involuntarily, throbs to the inexorable will of the great Law-giver. So, as the moments slip by, their record glides into place; as thoughts rush through the mind, each registers itself upon the unerring bathometer; tho words take wing, their vibrations touch the life page as they pass and the key-note records its true or false ring; each heart throb takes up a little space in this strange volume —thus our history files itself away where the 'angel of the years' stands guard. 4 THE MANIFESTO. We have all been at these varied tasks from day to day, the once spotless leaves of the 1898 issue are spotless no longer. Strange events, unlookt-for pleasures, weary trials, sincere resolutions quickly formed and as quickly broken, conclusions unwillingly accepted yet nobly maintained, hopes and fears whose birth and death write themselves side by side, sunshine and long shadows, have crowded into our book linking themselves into language best translated by each author. We are writing our last line, but like the child we can not resist the impulse to turn to the first page whereon we put 'our very best.' God knows we meant to carry those firm lines all through the book, the heavenly Teacher understands how disappointed we now feel that the blots are so many, the curves so irrelevant as to make us wish to hide it away. But 'like as a father pitieth his children, 'so the divine Parentage is moved with compassion at our waywardness and weakness now so noticeable as we trace it from page to page, and the New Year book with its stainless pages slips into our eager grasp as a balm and benediction. God's school is beautifully graded, tho, no class work here to force or retard individual development. Instead of many pupils under one teacher, here are rather many teachers molding the character of each pupil. The lessons presented to us for study or recitation are nicely adapted to our needs and abilities. If we found the lessons so recently mastered difficult, the future work will demand greater effort. We can not look forward with certainty to the future, 'we know not what is folded there, we know not whether joy or agony, whether life or death is writ within the fearful scroll—but 'tis enough to know the gift is God's.' The old book is an excellent landmark. Like the little one let us put the finisht volume out of sight with all its defects for a while, while we pass on buoyed with profitable repentance in the guise of new-born courage and aspiration to engage our minds with the new themes which God has already assigned to each one. Then 'some sweet day by and by' when the vital glorious issues of our consecrated life are inscribing themselves in unbroken rhythm upon the unblotted page, we will turn again to the unsightly work of the past and amid our tears of sad remembrance praise God for the New Years that rise so mercifully from the ashes of the old. As a loving greeting to the New Year of 1899, let us say with William H. Channing;— 'To bear all cheerfully, do all bravely, Await occasions, never hurry,— In a word to let the spiritual life Grow up, through, and above the common,— This is to be my symphony of life.' East Canterbury, N. H.