THE ORDER OF MEDIATION. By Elder John Lyon. f I ^HE order of the old creation was entirely different from that of the new. JL The second dispensation of the old creation was one of types and shadows, while the mediatorial office was the foundation of the new creation and established in the first appearance of the Anointed. 'If the foundation be destroyed, what can the righteous do? 'Psalms, xi., 3. The order and foundation of the old creation : Man was created a rational soul, and this made him a free agent and lord of creation. How did God make known his will to man? Man was not made to plan for himself what he should do, or what he should not do. Had he been made to be his own director he could not have been an agent for another. That he was made for an agent, under God, to rule the natural world, is evident. Not being endowed with omniscience, he was provided with attendant spirits, to suggest to him how to act without controlling his free agency. On the other hand man was more or less influenced by spirits from the opposite source who were trying to seduce him from his dependence upon the Creator. Being placed between these two agencies, gives man a fair opportunity to exercise his volition and free agency in choosing which to follow. If he chooses to follow the good, the evil agents must step aside, but if he chooses to follow the evil, the good agents will withdraw. Herein lies the accountability of .man, and the freedom or his choice makes the action his own. Man was made a free agent, but it does not appear that there was any visible order of mediation. That patriarchal authority was established by the law of nature, is very true. It was established in the law of nature, both in the human and brute creation, for the parents to have dominion over their offspring. Jacob could no more expiate the sins of his sons before God, for their murderous attempt upon Joseph, than could Isaac that of his son Jacob for THE MANIFESTO. 21 his deceit in relation to his brother Esau. God made the vine of the earth to bring forth its fruit in clusters, and it was designed by the Creator that man should leave father and mother, and cleave to his wife, and they should becoine one fle-.li. As soon as the human race had borne children, under their parents, they became parenis themselves, and the head of their respective cluster. This was, and still stands as the order of nature for all the children of the old creation. When the time arrived for the opening of the second dispensation, about 1491 years before that of the new creation, God chose one people out of all the branches that sprang from Noah, and he made them a type of this new civation. He appointed Moses a mediator to stand between himself and the people, and to him the will of God was made known. Moses was anointed thp Messiah with all the elements and principles of that day, so that there were no further requirements made by God, nor by angels, nor by prophets. When the people had gone astray, they must return again to the commandments. Moses was appointed the perpetual mediator as long as that typical work should endure. Through this medium a soul could find access to God. Moses was something more than a manhe was an anointed man. And God said to Aaron and Miriam; 'Hear now my words. If there be a prophet among you, I the Lord will make myself known unto him in a vision, and will speak unto him in a dream. My servant Moses is not so, who is faithful in all mine house. With him will 1 speak mouth to mouth, even apparently, and not in dark speeches; and the similitude of the Lord shall he behold; wherefore, then were ye not afraid to speak against my servant Moses?'Num. xii., 6, 7, 8. Aaron was the high priest, and Miriam was a prophetess, the highest, visible officers that ever stood among the Jews after Joshua. What was Moses that these two high functionaries could not claim an equality with him? Moses was the Lord's anointed, God manifested in the flesh, to typify the great mediator, the Author and Finisher of eternal salvation. God chose one people through whom to show, in a figure, how he would lay the foundation of his work, to save man from his lost state and raise him to an order above that which is earthly. All the rest of the human race were left under the universal laws of creation or nature to be directed or influenced by spirits, to regulate them according to the law of nature, or else to be influenced to an opposite course. This typical nation was to be led by invisible spirits, but God placed his requirements in an earthern vessel where they had his will continually before them. He required them to adhere to the person he had appointed, and to obey the law given through the human mediator. In doing this they were serving the one living and true God. They were forbidden to turn from the order of God's appointment after other gods, angels, spirits or their own ways for a director. But 'were all under the cloud, and all passed through the sea, and were all baptized unto 22 THE MANIFESTO. Moses, in the cloud and in the sea. And did all eat the same spiritual meat and drink the same spiritual drink, for they drank of that spiritual rock that followed them, and that rock was the anointed.'1 Cor. x., 1, 2, 3, 4. They were all baptized unto the anointed mediator to whom they were to look if they would receive anything from God. This people were not left to set up for themselves a god to serve, agreeably to their own inclinations, nor to seek after spirits to direct them in a way congenial to their corrupted propensities. They were placed in a situation where there was no alternative for them if they would enjoy the blessing of God. If they turned from it they fell under his displeasure. After God had anointed a mediator in whom he could deposit his requirements, he gave his laws and ordinances through this earthen vessel which was calculated to curb their immoral desires. These laws typified a work that could consume the element of the flesh, the fountain from whence all immoral desires and actions proceed. The great desire of the people was to know whether it was God who required obedience to these laws, or whether it was the man Moses. All they knewr of these laws and requirements was, that it was the man Moses who required obedience, and while he was in the mount receiving the law, the people began to show that opposition which reigns in man, against submitting to God through a mediator. The people gathered themselves together unto Aaron and said to him, 'Up, make us gods which shall go before us; as for this Moses, the man that brought us up out of Egypt, we know not what has become of him.'Ex. xxiii. All that had been done for them from the time that they left Egypt until that day, they ascribed to the man Moses, not to God, because it came to them through a mediator in human form. They could make for themselves a god of their jewels and through this acknowledge all the benefits that they had received. 'These be thy gods, O Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.' There is nothing so repugnant to man's nature, as to acknowledge God in his order of mediation. They could accept God in a piece of wood, in a stone, in gold, silver, brass, and lastly in themselves, where there is no submission or reverence of any kind required, but to acknowledge God in a mediator of his own appointment was too humiliating and an opposition to the mediatorial order of God was the point at which all their rebellious and derelictions from the order which God had appointed commenced and was the source of all the misery and calamities which afterward befell them. (To be continued.)