Shakers, N. Y. Jan. 1899. The Christmas and New Year celebrations, in their active manifestation, have past away, but their remembrance and the joy of their participation will last through the year. Christinas evening we had an Entertainment of one and a half hour's duration which was both instructive and entertaining; and as our beloved Editor and assistants were not here to share in its pleasures, we will, if not crowding other members of the home circle, present the program. [It would have given us all much pleasure to have been present.Ed.] March.'Coronet Band.' Cantata. 'Birth of Christ.' Recitations'Gentle Words.' by Ethel. 'The South Wind.' by Byron. 'Boy's Suggestion to Teachers.' by Arthur. 'The Snow's Masquerade.' by Lottie. 'What Time is it?' by 28 THE MANIFESTO. Chester. 'Drum Corp's March.' Music, by Lulu. March, 'Coronet Band.' by Esther. 'A Model School.' by the Class.' Recitations'Kittie Knew.' by Nellie. 'How the Squirrel got his Stripes.' by Fred. 'The Two Orphans.' by Agnes. 'It was Clucked Before.' by Ella. 'Ring, Ring, Ring.' Song by All. Recitations 'The Sweetest Charity.' by Jennie. 'Not So Easy.' by Eddie. Dialog, by Arthur and Wright. Recitations'Patrick's Colt.' by Louise. 'The Yankee Boy.' by Robert. 'Carve That Possum.' Song by J. L. L. C. Recitation'A Lost Type.' by Daniel. DuetInstrumental Music, by J. and L. Recitations'A Discourse on Apples.' by Charlie. 'How to Cure a Cough.' by Luella. Dialog'A Minister's Donation Party.' Recitations 'At Christmastide.' by Mabel. 'Always Some One Below.' by Samuel. Cantata.'The Sister Graces.' 'Joy! Joy!' Closing Song by All. On the evening of the 26th we met to receive the distributions from the Christmas tree, and hearts were gladdened by the mementos from dear friends. Such seasons of pure enjoyment bring those who are striving for the right into a oneness of spirit, and make them strong in their efforts for good. While listening to the recitations of our Christmas party and realizing the ability manifested, our thought in prayer was, Heavenly Father and Mother, bless the rising generation! May their affections be inclined toward Thee, that they may be the ministers of the new dispensation; for only a little while and they will be the directors of that spiritual power which will be called upon to wrestle with the mighty problems which the twentieth century will present for solution. Hamilton DeOraw.