Sanitary. A physician who is connected with an institution... A. physician who is connected with an institution in which there are many children, says: 'There is nothing more irritable to a cough than coughing. For some tiine I had been so fully assured of this that I determined for one minute at least to lessen the number of coughs heard in a, certain ward in a hospital of the institution. By the promise of rewards and punishments I succeeded in inducing them simply to hold their breath when tempted to cough, and in a little while I was mys-elf surprised to see how some of the cliildren entirely recovered from the disease. Constant coughing is precis lv like scratching a wound on the oi.tside of the body; s long as it is done the wound will not heal. Let a person whin templed to cough draw a long breath and hold it until it warms and soothes every air cell, and some benefit will soon be received from this process. The nitrogen which is thus refined acts as an anodyne to the mucous membrane, allaying the desire to cough and giving the throat and lungs a chance to heal. At the same time a suitable medicine will aid nature in her effort to recuperate.' San Francisco Examiner. Nansen, the greatest living explorer... Nansen, the greatest living explorer of the extreme North-land says: 'My experience leads me to take a decided stand against the use of stimulants and narcotics of all kinds, from tea and coffee on the one hand, to tobacco and alcohol on the other. The idea that one gains by stimulating body and mind by artificial means betrays, in my opinion, not only ignorance of the simplest physiological laws, but also want of exp?rience or perhaps want of capacity to learn from experience and observation.' When overcome by bodily fatigue... When overcome by bodily fatigue or exhausted by brain labor no stimulant, so- 32 THE MANIFESTO. called, serves so well the purpose of refreshment and rest, both bodily and mentally, as milk. When heated as hot as one can readily take it, ib may be sipt slowly from a tumbler, and as it is easily digested one feels very soon its beneficial effect. Few persons realize the stimulating qualities of this simple beverage. Ladies' Home Journal. The Medical Record, an English Journal... The Medical Record, an English Journal, thus comments on the injurious effects of anger. Anger serves the unhappy mortal who indulges in it, much the same as intoxicants constantly taken do the inebriate. It grows into a sort of disease which has various and terrible results. Sir Richard Quain said, not long ago: 'He is a man very rich indeed in physical power, who can afford to get angry.' This is true. Every time a man becomes 'white' or 'red' with anger he is in danger of his life. The heart and brain are the organs mostly affected when fits of passion are indulged in. Not only does anger cause partial paralysis of the small blood vessels, but the heart's action becomes intermittent, that is, every now and then it drops a beatmuch the same thing as is experienced by excessive smokers. Selected. We have pity for the Spanish youth... We have pity for the Spanish youth who have been compelled to fight and die in the Spanish army and navy, and we have had, with thousands of others, great sorrow for the sufferings inflicted on our own soldiers and on our army horses and mules, to large numbers of whom death has been a happy releaseand we wish there could be posted in every schoolroom of our land those words of James Russell Lowell:'War is Murder!' and these words of Gen. Sherman:'War is Hell!' Our Dumb Animals.