THE DISCIPLES OF JESUS. THE CHRIST, ARE NOT OF THIS WORLD. By Elder Henry C. Blinn. THE above statement seems almost paradoxical, as the disciples were 1 taken from the walks of life common to all other people. Most of them, probably, were poor fisherman living near the sea of Galilee, and as their laborious work for a frugal living kept them so closely confined, they gave but little thought to anything higher, or interested themselves in a spiritual experience. They were in this world and had never thought otherwise. Suddenly, as they were engaged in the mending of their fishing nets, a man salutes them in these words.'Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men.' Such a remark no doubt, astonisht them, as fishing for men must have been a novel idea, and a perplexing enigma. At this time they were subjects of King Herod and living in the kingdom of Judea. So interested, however, were they in this invitation of Jesus and expecting, withal, to find an increase of wealth, they at once left their nets that they might accompany Jesus and secure the promist treasures that he so liberally proffered. It must have been quite a sacrifice to these poor fishermen to leave their boats and nets to engage in an enterprise so beclouded in their minds, and which at this time they could not understand. Possibly, these Jewish laborers may have the vague idea or rather the exalted thought that Jesus would be a new king, as he told them that in return for every sacrifice that they made, they should receive an increase of an nunFEBRUARY 18 THE MANIFESTO. dred-fold. If they gave up their one house, with its acre of land, they would receive through him an hundred houses and an hundred acres of land. Such an offer with its subsequent explanations was not to be slighted, and there is evident reason to believe that they became deeply interested in the new mission. This may have changed somewhat as days past on, and the lessons of a spiritual life were unfolded to them. The hundred-fold of houses and lands, and boats and nets did not materialize so fast as they had anticipated. At this anxious moment they must have interrogated Jesus, as he soon makes this remark, while speaking of those who accompanied him as disciples, 'They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.'John xvii., 16. Then he gave them to understand that his kingdom was spiritual, and altho his followers might, by some, be considered as soldiers, they were harmless, as their warfare was wholly spiritual and on this account his soldiers would not fight. Gradually, the disciples accepted the ministration of Jesus and learned that their mission was to be one of peace and not of war. That there was a higher life for man to live than the cruel and merciless killing of each other, for an avaricious gain. It is generally conceded, however, altho in very loose terms, that Christ's people or his church are not of this world, and that there must be some sacrifices to ensure a fellowship in his company, .vhile very few may have a fixt thought to bear any distinguishing mark to the mind. The first sacrifice of Peter and Andrew, as they left their boats and fishing nets on the shore of the sea to follow Jesus was more than many would care to make even at this present date, while assuming to understand fully the whole mission of Jesus. When he informs his disciples of the different relations that exist between his people and the world, and that to be a Christian they must deny themselves and take up their cross daily and follow him, they soon find that he is leading them where the children of this world can not go. As the world loveth its own, it would not be expected to favor that which manifests an opposition to its worldly course. As it was bitter and envious in its remarks about the divine Teacher, it could not be expected to be otherwise in regard to those who accepted a communion in his life. Jesus understood this so well that he informed his disciples that as the world hated him without a cause, it would also hate them after the same unreasonable manner. There was no occasion for dislike of him as an individual which so often culminated in persecution, as Jesus is said to have increast in wisdom, and even grew in favor among men. But it was the doctrine of the cross, and the system of self-denial which he taught that was so intensely hated. It was the establishing of a new religious belief, and the preaching of righteousness that if they would be the children of God they must accept the fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man. That his doctrine would establish peace on earth and good-will toward all. That wars and rumors of wars would THE MANIFESTO. 19 c?ase, and that the vision of the prophet would be gloriously fulfilled when men should beat their swords into ploughshares and their spears into pruning hooks, and the nations should learn war no more. We are well assured that the church of God must have a living testimony and that there must be a discriminating line between that church and the people of the world. This will be so distinct that all doubt will be obliterated as the faith and the works become manifest in their presentation. It may not take much time for any class of examiners to determine the position that is occupied by the church. Those who reject the first Adam with his Godgiven works of generation, and have put on Christ, through the baptism of the holy spirit, will according to promise, be raised from the dead by the glory of the Father and at the same time be able to walk in newness of life. And if ''we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall be [raised] also in the likeness of his resurrection.' It is not at all singular that the world loves its own, or that it has a hatred to that testimony which destroys its influence on the minds of men. Following the course of nature in which it was estaVilisht, its life is the fulfilling of the desires of the flesh and of the mind. It is the work of the first Adam and can not otherwise than lead the children of this world to marry and to be given in marriage. This is quite different from the manner in which the followers of Jesus are led. As they are with him in the resurrection, they neither marry nor are given in marriage. These two classes are placed in sharp contrast with each other. One is called 'The children of this world,' and they are engaged in the selfish work of mine and thine. Their foundation is laid in a life of generation and they are married to sustain it. The other class like Jesus have consecrated their lives and all they possess for the peace and prosperity of their fellow-men. Their foundation is laid on the principle of righteousness, and having put on the Lord Jesus Christ they make no provision for the flesh to fulfill the lusts thereof. Many who through profession have renounced the first Adam and entered into Christ, are still actively engaged in the interests of the world and can manifest no discriminating line between the flesh and the spirit, and none between the church of Christ and the world. 'The Angel of Mercy flew over the church And whispered, 'I know thy sin:' Then the church lookt back with a sigh and longed To gather her children in; But some were off to the midnight ball, And,some were off to the play, And some were drinking in gay saloons So she quietly went her way.' We are quite well assured that the separation of a man from the spirit of the world is in his acceptance of the cross of Christ, and in the living of a 20 THE MANIFESTO. new life, free from sin and from sinners. It would be as impossible now as it was in the days of Jesus for a man to serve two masters especially if Christ is to be one, and the world is to be the other, 'for he will hate the one and love the other, or he will hold to the one and despise the other.' But a new day is dawning upon us and it comes as a precursor of light to lead us into the beautiful pathway of righteousness and man will care for his brother man, as he will by nature care for the interests of his own personal existence. East Canterbury, N. H.