Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. December. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Kain. Snow. 1897. 29.97 4 in. 2 ft. 9,', in. 1898. 30.2 .75 lV ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 54 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 4 below' Number of rainy days ' '. 1 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 7 ' ' clear ' ' ' 7 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 16' Jan. 1899. The closing day of 1898 gave a farewell serenade to the exodus of the expiring year. The incipient ceremonies opened with rain, which changed to sleet, and then to snow which at New Year's dawn was a foot in depth, which has given us a diversified storm as a farewell to the retiring year, and a pure white robe to adorn the infant New Year. We willingly bid a long and eternal farewell to 1898 with its tornadoes, whirlwinds, hurricanes, typhoons, volcanoes, floods, electric bolts, sun-bursts, and all its destructive machinations of life and property of every kind on land and by ocean's foaming, dashing billows. Columbia County has had its full share of destruction by the angry elements and many thousands of dollars will fail to repair the damages. The storm apparently spent its fury in prostrating S. J. Tilden &amp; Co's new steel smoke-stack to their New Laboratory. The N. Y. State Road is less than one half done. At the present time, preparation for putting an iron bridge across the gulley east of our machine shop pond is being executed. The intention is to have it accomplished before Spring opens. There is some physical inability among us, but no death to record. I ran a narrow chance of passing the fatal ordeal but I feel at present that lean stand quite a brush with the grim monster. Even so let it be. Calvin G. Heed. North Family. Jan. 1899. Christmas has come and gone and standing on the ridge dividing the Old from the New Year, we sniff some of the savor of saltness from the dawning century just beyonda century of whose coming the poets and prophets have written. The usual religious Services marked the morning and the usual festal entertainment the afternoon and evening of Christmas Day. At 10 o'clock a. m. we met our friends of the Church family in their pleasant chapel, spending about two hours in singing, reading and speaking. All the services partook more or less of the spirit THE MA NIFES TO. 27 of the day. In the afternoon a number of the Church family made our entertainment the more enjoyable by their presence and showed a cordial appreciation of its program, with the usual Christmas features, singing, recitations, etc. At the close of the exercises, a simple luncheon was served to all. We must not omit to mention that our beloved Eldress Harriet and Eldress Augusta were among the welcome guests. Altogether our Christmas day was full of Jesus, His life, His work and we trust His spirit. G. Ada Brown. South Family. Jan. 1899. The Old Year 1898 was completely frozen out, while the New Year of 1899, has become thoroughly frozen in, with the mercuiy ranging from 10 to 12 deg. below zero. Our years they come amd go All too quickly here below, But we wish they long might stay For the good they've sent our way. Leaving blessings at our door Daily giving more and more, So the years they go and come Benefitting ev'ry one. The holidays, as usual, were scenes of spiritual and social communion, Santa Claus &amp; Co. made their annual tour of gift distributing; each member was remembered by good old Santa and his honored staffSt. Nicholasnoted for benevolence and a marvelous memory. By invitation from our Second family friends, a delegation from this family were present at their Christmas festival on the afternoon of that day. The chapel was decorated with evergreens. The vocal and instrumental music was highly commendable. The reading and recitations were conducted most admirably. The singing of a German Christmas song with an autoharp accompaniment was pleasingly executed by Brother Albert, who not long ago hailed from that far away land of music and song. At the close of the entertainment a bountiful repast was served in the family dining-hall and all were merry as the Merry Christmas. The following is the program given; 'Words of Welcome,' by the Elders. 'Round the Christmas Fire.' Song by the Congregation.' Recitations'Lo! I Am With You Always.' by Lillian. 'Know Thyself.' by Lena. 'Fear Thou Not.' Song by Congregation Recitations, 'Family Greeting.' by Henry. Dialog, 'Daily Hints.' 'Peace and Praise.' Song by the Quartet. 'Whispering Hope.' Song by Eugenia and Alma. Recitation, 'Hope Why Mockest Thou.' by Alma. 'Evening at the Farm.' by Three Little Girls, 'Four Little Sunbeams.' by the Little Girls. 'Any How.' by Earle. 'Tale of a Sun.' by Curtis. 'Song of the Months.' by William. 'Christmas Bells.' Song by the Quartet. Recitations,'Man :md His Shoes.' by Mabel. 'Beiring Other's Burdens.' by Lena. 'Natural Laughter.' by Clarissi. 'Little Nut People.' by Bessie. 'A Little GiiTs Wish.' by Flora 'Babe of Bethlehem.' by Jennie. Gmeviei e DeOvw.