From the Bible Classs. WANDERING IN THE WILDERNESS. By Eva Walcott. It took the Children of Israel forty years to reach the land of Canaan. Some writers say they might have reached it in much less time had they obeyed the commandments of God. The journey of the Children of Israel is a type of the journey of the soul. Every soul must take this journey in order to reach the land of Canaan, but it depends on the obedience rendered to the landmarks given by the heavenly guide, as light and understanding increase, that determines the length of time needed for the journey. When a soul is convicted that living in Egypt, or being a slave to an earthly, sensuous life does not bring him peace or satisfaction, the first words of comfort that he hears are,'Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest; take my yoke upon you and learn of me, for I am meek and lowly in heart and ye shall find rest unto your souls.' When realizing the peace that is enjoyed in the Christ life, which gives those who live it an eternal home in the land of Canaan, he longs for that life more and more. Here the first guide appears, 'The first, step of a Christian life is obedience.' After reading this he finds he must obey the convictions received and leave Egypt, or the worldly life he is living, but he is still uncertain what to do. He desires the enjoyment of the higher life, yet he is not reconciled to give up the pleasures of the lower. He wants to enjoy both. Here the guide says,'Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these things shall be added unto you.' Having obeyed this counsel he receives strength to take the next step. Though he has decided to serve God and seek the righteousness of the kingdom of Heaven, and has started on his spiritual journey, yet when he sees the sins and passions, (his enemies) to which he yielded in Egypt following him, he, like the Israelites of old, murmurs and doubts, and longs for his former slavish life; yet warnings again appear,'Agree with thine adversary quickly.' 'The way of the transgressor is hard.' 'Except a man forsake all that he hath he can not be my disciple.' By prayer to God he is able to cross the Red Sea of doubt, and conquer his enemies. With new courage he presses forward with the comforting assurance, 'Lo I am with you always even unto the end of the world.' To him, this is the cloud by day and night. Happiness is insured to him when he continues to watch and pray lest he be lost in the desert of sin. Feeling a loss of the support of the eternal presence he may become hungry and thirsty; losing faith in the promised help, he murmurs; but through divine mercy water is sent, reassuring him that God is ever near. By lack of faith the water is bitter; not until he fully obeys do the waters taste sweet, THE MANIFESTO. 31 for'Whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased, and whosoever humbleth himself shall be exalted.' Being careful to put on the whole armor of God, with earnest prayer and supplication for mercy and strength, he passes victoriously on his way, with the assurance that now, all is well. He takes little thought lest he fall, and becoming weary in well-doing, returns to worshiping the idol of selfish ambition, the golden calf of the Egyptians. For a time this gives him the pleasure sought, but how bitterly he now understands the Savior's words; 'Wide is the gate and broad is the way that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat.' Through the strength of temptations resisted and victories won, he is able to advance more swiftlj to the Land of Canaan. By sending out the spits of Truth and Light to view the land he sees the successes and failures to be met in the way, though lie hears the report from Doubt and Fear who tell him that he will not be able to conquer the land. Still, he hears the good report from the Caleb and Joshua of Light and Truth who assure him that the land is equal unto the promises of God. Before he can reach that land, however, he must cross the river Jordan. As the pure in heart only can enter, he must first pass the Jordan and be cleansed from all impurity by an honest confession, and through his humility the waters divide and he is led forth, forgiven. Before he can gain a final victory he must become repentant. This means a conscientious walk in right and duty until at last he will have 'Come up out of gre^t tribulation,' and will stand crowned as a victor and rejoice in the presence of the Eternal Father, for 'Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God and he shall go no more out, and I will write upon him the name of the city of my God which is New Jerusalem.' East Canterbury, N. H.