NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. December. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Kain. Snow. 1897. 29.97 4 in. 2 ft. 9,', in. 1898. 30.2 .75 lV ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 54 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 4 below' Number of rainy days ' '. 1 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 7 ' ' clear ' ' ' 7 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 16' Jan. 1899. The closing day of 1898 gave a farewell serenade to the exodus of the expiring year. The incipient ceremonies opened with rain, which changed to sleet, and then to snow which at New Year's dawn was a foot in depth, which has given us a diversified storm as a farewell to the retiring year, and a pure white robe to adorn the infant New Year. We willingly bid a long and eternal farewell to 1898 with its tornadoes, whirlwinds, hurricanes, typhoons, volcanoes, floods, electric bolts, sun-bursts, and all its destructive machinations of life and property of every kind on land and by ocean's foaming, dashing billows. Columbia County has had its full share of destruction by the angry elements and many thousands of dollars will fail to repair the damages. The storm apparently spent its fury in prostrating S. J. Tilden &amp; Co's new steel smoke-stack to their New Laboratory. The N. Y. State Road is less than one half done. At the present time, preparation for putting an iron bridge across the gulley east of our machine shop pond is being executed. The intention is to have it accomplished before Spring opens. There is some physical inability among us, but no death to record. I ran a narrow chance of passing the fatal ordeal but I feel at present that lean stand quite a brush with the grim monster. Even so let it be. Calvin G. Heed. North Family. Jan. 1899. Christmas has come and gone and standing on the ridge dividing the Old from the New Year, we sniff some of the savor of saltness from the dawning century just beyonda century of whose coming the poets and prophets have written. The usual religious Services marked the morning and the usual festal entertainment the afternoon and evening of Christmas Day. At 10 o'clock a. m. we met our friends of the Church family in their pleasant chapel, spending about two hours in singing, reading and speaking. All the services partook more or less of the spirit THE MA NIFES TO. 27 of the day. In the afternoon a number of the Church family made our entertainment the more enjoyable by their presence and showed a cordial appreciation of its program, with the usual Christmas features, singing, recitations, etc. At the close of the exercises, a simple luncheon was served to all. We must not omit to mention that our beloved Eldress Harriet and Eldress Augusta were among the welcome guests. Altogether our Christmas day was full of Jesus, His life, His work and we trust His spirit. G. Ada Brown. South Family. Jan. 1899. The Old Year 1898 was completely frozen out, while the New Year of 1899, has become thoroughly frozen in, with the mercuiy ranging from 10 to 12 deg. below zero. Our years they come amd go All too quickly here below, But we wish they long might stay For the good they've sent our way. Leaving blessings at our door Daily giving more and more, So the years they go and come Benefitting ev'ry one. The holidays, as usual, were scenes of spiritual and social communion, Santa Claus &amp; Co. made their annual tour of gift distributing; each member was remembered by good old Santa and his honored staffSt. Nicholasnoted for benevolence and a marvelous memory. By invitation from our Second family friends, a delegation from this family were present at their Christmas festival on the afternoon of that day. The chapel was decorated with evergreens. The vocal and instrumental music was highly commendable. The reading and recitations were conducted most admirably. The singing of a German Christmas song with an autoharp accompaniment was pleasingly executed by Brother Albert, who not long ago hailed from that far away land of music and song. At the close of the entertainment a bountiful repast was served in the family dining-hall and all were merry as the Merry Christmas. The following is the program given; 'Words of Welcome,' by the Elders. 'Round the Christmas Fire.' Song by the Congregation.' Recitations'Lo! I Am With You Always.' by Lillian. 'Know Thyself.' by Lena. 'Fear Thou Not.' Song by Congregation Recitations, 'Family Greeting.' by Henry. Dialog, 'Daily Hints.' 'Peace and Praise.' Song by the Quartet. 'Whispering Hope.' Song by Eugenia and Alma. Recitation, 'Hope Why Mockest Thou.' by Alma. 'Evening at the Farm.' by Three Little Girls, 'Four Little Sunbeams.' by the Little Girls. 'Any How.' by Earle. 'Tale of a Sun.' by Curtis. 'Song of the Months.' by William. 'Christmas Bells.' Song by the Quartet. Recitations,'Man :md His Shoes.' by Mabel. 'Beiring Other's Burdens.' by Lena. 'Natural Laughter.' by Clarissi. 'Little Nut People.' by Bessie. 'A Little GiiTs Wish.' by Flora 'Babe of Bethlehem.' by Jennie. Gmeviei e DeOvw. Shakers, N. Y. Jan. 1899. The Christmas and New Year celebrations, in their active manifestation, have past away, but their remembrance and the joy of their participation will last through the year. Christinas evening we had an Entertainment of one and a half hour's duration which was both instructive and entertaining; and as our beloved Editor and assistants were not here to share in its pleasures, we will, if not crowding other members of the home circle, present the program. [It would have given us all much pleasure to have been present.Ed.] March.'Coronet Band.' Cantata. 'Birth of Christ.' Recitations'Gentle Words.' by Ethel. 'The South Wind.' by Byron. 'Boy's Suggestion to Teachers.' by Arthur. 'The Snow's Masquerade.' by Lottie. 'What Time is it?' by 28 THE MANIFESTO. Chester. 'Drum Corp's March.' Music, by Lulu. March, 'Coronet Band.' by Esther. 'A Model School.' by the Class.' Recitations'Kittie Knew.' by Nellie. 'How the Squirrel got his Stripes.' by Fred. 'The Two Orphans.' by Agnes. 'It was Clucked Before.' by Ella. 'Ring, Ring, Ring.' Song by All. Recitations 'The Sweetest Charity.' by Jennie. 'Not So Easy.' by Eddie. Dialog, by Arthur and Wright. Recitations'Patrick's Colt.' by Louise. 'The Yankee Boy.' by Robert. 'Carve That Possum.' Song by J. L. L. C. Recitation'A Lost Type.' by Daniel. DuetInstrumental Music, by J. and L. Recitations'A Discourse on Apples.' by Charlie. 'How to Cure a Cough.' by Luella. Dialog'A Minister's Donation Party.' Recitations 'At Christmastide.' by Mabel. 'Always Some One Below.' by Samuel. Cantata.'The Sister Graces.' 'Joy! Joy!' Closing Song by All. On the evening of the 26th we met to receive the distributions from the Christmas tree, and hearts were gladdened by the mementos from dear friends. Such seasons of pure enjoyment bring those who are striving for the right into a oneness of spirit, and make them strong in their efforts for good. While listening to the recitations of our Christmas party and realizing the ability manifested, our thought in prayer was, Heavenly Father and Mother, bless the rising generation! May their affections be inclined toward Thee, that they may be the ministers of the new dispensation; for only a little while and they will be the directors of that spiritual power which will be called upon to wrestle with the mighty problems which the twentieth century will present for solution. Hamilton DeOraw. Narcoossee, Fla. Jan. 1899. Leaf turning on New Tear's day is somewhat conducive to good habits. Doubtless there are many to-day holding a rehearsal over their life's book. As page after page is reviewed, and the blots and blemishes stand for account, new resolutions are made to be more careful the coining year. To turn over a new leaf is not an easy task, when erratic conduct has blotted many pages. Strong and determined resolutions and long and continued efforts will help us to succeed. We may turn the pages of each Year book with pleasure. On Christmas we sang a hymn in remembrance of our friends in the homes of our childhood. We hoped that the same inspiration that overshadowed them would reach us in our wilderness home. We would wish that it might help us, with them, to usher in the New Year with such strong resolution of heart that the pages of life's book will not be sullied by one blemish. On the 1st of January we dug our fall crop of northern potatoes, and on the 6th we planted the same ground for another crop of the same kind. What a contrast! Our friends who write us from the north, tell us of the snow banks that cover the land, and of the task of keeping the paths open from house to house. Here we are basking in the sunshine of summer weather. The thermometer ranges from 60 to 80 deg. almost every day. We have had but one frost that has done any damage. Then the mercury fell to 40 deg. These occasional frosts make winter gardens very uncertain, and for this reason many do not plant after September. We send greetings to all. Anrfreiv Barrett. Enfield, N. H. Jan. 1899. New Yeab's day dawned bright, 16 deg. below zero, yet, despite the frosty air our morning Service was well attended. With the new resolves given to be and to do what duty demands the Service was more of a memorial, sacred to the memory of our arisen, noble, gifted coworker, Eldress Joanna Kaime, who for THE MANIFES TO. 29 about thirty years, was closely connected with our Society's welfare. To give full recognition to so complete a life of righteousness, no poem or eulogy could tell the half of her richness of character and worth to the cause of human regeneration. A life, so fruitful of good virtues, qualities and thoughts, all forming a noble, intellectual and strong individuality, can not be minimized to 'Well done good and faithful servant.' Eldress Rosetta Cummings and Sister Nancy A. Morse, carried to our sorrowing kindred at East Canterbury, our wreaths of respect, fastened with the bow of fellowsympathy. Personally, I think that if articles were inserted in The Manifesto, referring to the experiences, capabilities and graces, acquired and cultured by the truths of the Christ spirit, of such souls as Eldress Joanna Kaime of East Canterbury and Eldress Ann Taylor of Mt. Lebanon, and others who have honored our Church, they would scintilate sparks of spiritual encouragement to the young people of our Societies. We commenced Christmas festivity the evening before, with a social gathering, the unlading of a well-stockt tree of gifts, for the young people, and a supper of fruit, assorted cake, ice-cream and coffee. Sabbath morning's Service was rich with messages of the Spirit of Christmas, telling of the beauty and benefit of the Christ spirit and mission, also that spiritual and industrial action are the culturing forces of life, as well as the means of spreading peace and good-will to man. In the evening, a concert, appropriate for the day, afforded profit and pleasure to invited friends and home relations. To all our friends who dwell In torrid or frigid sphere, We send a New Year's message; May you have a glad New Year. . George H. Baxter. Sabbathday Lake, Me. Jan. 1899. Christmas cheer and good-will reigned in our home during the holidays, and the good-will we hope to retain throughout all the days of the year before us. On the eve of the 26 ult. the young people gave an entertainment which pleased all who attended, most especially our good friends from Poland Springs who favored us with their presence. Sister Aurelia is now in Farmingron, Me. where she is superintending the publication of her book upon the life and light of Believers. We wish her every success as she has always been earnest in her efforts to have the life of a Shaker better known. School is in progress and the Singing Classes are working with untiring zea! to further the work so nobly started last winter. We extend kind thoughts and loving sympathy to our dear friends in Canterbury who are now suffering the loss of their good aud.faithf il Leaders, E.dress Joanna and Eldress Dorothy. Ada S. Vmnni'ngn. East Canterbury N. H. Jan. 1893. In hushed tones the New Year's gleetings past from lip to lip in our saddened household, for the last moments of 1898 bade us lay to rest our beloved Eldress Joanna J. Kaime. At the funeral service held in the afternoon of the 31st ult. Eldress Eosetta Cummings and Sister Nancy A. Morse were present in behalf of the Society at Enfield; and grateful tributes, written and unexpressed, rose from the hearts of all. But the current of true appreciation for the beloved Mothers called from our midst, runs deep in the hearts of their people, who hest understand the solemn burden of the withdrawal; yet we feel the pulse of our Zion in sympathy and kinship. The old year passes on, its foot-prints lie deep in our memories, yet we clasp hands with the New Year, realizing that whatever the grief or burden, 'underneath are the everlasting arms.' ******* 30 THE MANIFESTO. The storm of Dec. 31 and Jan. 1 covered the line of demarkation between the old and the new years, hut the newly printed calendars put everything right; and by the 3rd inst. the ice harvest optned in cold earnest with m irking and ploughing. Within the three days devoted to the bus- j iness, a January thaw and a snow-storm crowded themselves in, but at the close of the 5th an ample bulk of ice, tho not of A No. 1 quality, was in place of storage. With the mercury slipping down to 10 deg. below zero, we do not feel the immediate need of King Winter's bounties, but by Independence Day we can tell better whether we are really dependent or not upon these wise provisions of nature. It is well that this is not the visiting season, for even the horses turn a 'cold shoulder' to us. School closed on the 11th inst., the winter term of sixteen weeks having drawn to a successful close. Jessie Evans.