ELDRESS OF THE HARVARD SHAKERS. [The Boston Sunday Globe of Oct. 30, 1898, has publisht a very interesting article having reference to Eldress Eliza Babbitt, who is now in the ninety-third year of her age.] In the several Shaker communities in the country, there is one venerable Shakeress who is especially well knownEldress Eliza Babbitt of the Harvard community. This particularly gifted woman is highly regarded by those of her faith for various reasons. She is appreciated because of her long association with the community, with which she has been identified nearly all her life, having been a member quite seventy-nine years. Eldress Babbitt is now in her ninety-third year, and retains in a remarkable degree those characteristics which have made her presence so unmistakably felt in the administrative and executive affairs of the Harvard Shakers. Eldress Babbitt received The Globe reporter with that graciousness which to those who know well the average Shakeress seems so much a part of their nature. She talked very entertainingly of her life in the community, evinced a deal of pleasure in tracing some of the humorous phases of affairs, and manifested a keen and witty disposition. A warm, sympathetic and conservative nature has made her a woman greatly admired by her associates, who have showered upon her such positions of trust and responsibility as were within their power to bestow. When it was intimated that in her prosaic life there could not have been much room for the romantic or the dramatic, she replied with energy that there had been both, and then referred in a very interesting manner to the rise and decline of the community, to the radical departure from the volume of business at one time carried on at the settlement to the comparative quietude of to-day to the change in the methods and customs of those of her faith, to the kaleidoscopic transitions which have taken place in the outside world, all of which, she remarked, must, to the keen observer, seem both romantic and dramatic. 24 THE MANIFESTO. She is said to be the oldest Shakeress living. When she was fourteen years old her mother, with six children, came to this community from Norton, where they had been living-. Her father died five years before. The eldress said that her mother, having visited in Harvard, learned much concerning the life of the Shakers, became greatly impressed with their ideas and mode of living, and so took up her abode with them. She volunteered the information that so far as the financial standing of the family was concerned there was no necessity for such a course, as there was sufficient to support her mother and her children comfortably, but her mother believed devoutly in the ideas of the Shakers and decided to cast her lot with them. In her early life Eliza Babbitt learned the tailor's trade, and for twenty-three years she cut and made all the clothing worn by the male members of the community, of which she was for m-my years one of the trustees. So ably did she discharge the duties of that position that she was chosen to fill a vacancy among the elders. Her success in that order so thoroughly stamped her as a woman of exceptional abilities that she was installed into the office of the ministry, a position which she has held for quite forty years. She became superior eldress in 1872. It is the duty of Eldress Babbitt to know all about the financial affairs of the community, which she does thoroughly, having received not a little of her business training during the seven years slip was in charge of the office of the community. It is a part of her duty as minister to decide questions relative to the conduct of affairs, and to determine who are eligible for admittance into the little settlement. She is the balance power of the community. Her sagacity and keen insight into business matters has made her an invaluable member of the little colony. With her it has been a cardinal principle never to venture an opinion upon any matter which involved differences of thought until she had fully heard all sides, and her decisions upon vital questions touching the community's welfare have ever been satisfactory. She has been retained in the ministry, as was frankly stated by her associates, because there is no one to equal her in judgment and in nice discrimination as to what is right and just and for the best interest of all. This venerable woman finds not a little pleasure in showing some of the results of her handiwork of the past three years. In that time she has made twenty-eight logcabin quilts, and because of severe trouble with her eyes much of the sewing was done by feeling the seam as the work progressed, but the quality of the labor does not indicate that it was performed under other than the most favorable circumstances. These quilts are to be left as legacies to her friends. Besides making these quilts she has done much in the line of crocheting. Aside from failing sight her faculties are as alert as ever. Eldress Babbitt talks very entertainingly of this Shaker community when it was at the height of its prosperity, a condition which she aided materially in creating. At that time a lively business was done in making brooms, while a great amount of milk was sent daily to the Boston market. Herbs in immense quantities were collected, pressed and packed for the retail trade,and that branch of work is still carried on to quite an extent. Here were raised for the market in great quantity garden seeds, while the Shaker apple sauce is still well known as the best of its kind. In those days cloth for the dress of both sexes was all of domestic manufacture. At that time there was a large saw mill, a tannery, a blacksmith shop, there was much done in fruit preserving, braiding of palm-leaf and straw, and in supplying the market with wool. There never was occasion to question the weight, measure or quality of the articles sent out from the community. The community prospered then, and as the result of that time it is highly prosperous to-day. THE MANIFESTO. 25 Scu'xh Babbitt, a cousin oF the eldress, gave to the world the benefit of several inventions evolved from her active brain which revolutionized some branches of labor. S.irah, with liar fither and sister, joined this community. She became known as sister Tabitha. To her genius is due the introduction of the cut nail. She got the idea from watching the operation of making wrought nails. She conceived the idea of cutting them from a sheet of iron when it should be rolled to the desired thickness. Her idea was put into practical operation and found to be a success, and the wrought nail became a thing of the past. One day while watching the men sawing wood, she noted that one half the motion was lost and she conceived the idea of the circular saw. She made a tin disk, and notching it around the edge, slipped it on the spindle of her spinning wheel, tried it on a piece of a shingle and found that her idea was a practical one, and from this crude beginning came the circular saw of to-day. .Sister Tabitha's first saw was made in sections and fastened to a board. A Lebanon Shaker later conceived the idea of making the saw out of a single piece of metal. One can hardly believe that the people who comprise this community, at the head of whom is Eldress Babbitt, with their quiet, peaceful, unobtrusive ways, are the successors of others of their faith who helped make for Harvard the most exciting and sensational pages of its history. Here was one of the places in the east where Mother Ann Lee made her appearance, and here her great power was very forcibly felt. When she came she said she had some time before seen the place an ; the people in a vision. Many of the people of the town knew Ler as the female C.'i v\st. She had many followers, and whole families became imbued with her ideas. So powerful was her hold upon a certain element in the town, and to such an ex tent were the ceremonials of the sect carried, that the devout enthusiasts of other religious faiths became alarmed at what they termed the fanaticism of Ann Lee and her converts. A town meeting was held in response to a petition 'to determine on some means to remove the shaking Quakers.' The town voted to prosecute them and appointed a committee to cany the vote into effect. The local military company marched to the Shaker rendezvous of that time and warned Ann Lee and her followers to leave before a certain hour. Mother Ann Lee left and returned several times. Upon one of her visits a day was set when the Shakers were to be driven out. Notices were posted in the villages bidding people to assemble on Harvard common for that purpose, and two barrels of cider were furnished those who responded to the call, to stimulate their zeal. Heeding wiser counsel, it was decided to waive any demonstrations at that time, but later the threat to drive out the non-resident followers of Ann Lee was carried out, and over a route of ten miles, the Shakers were subjected to many indignities and cruelties. Scourging formed a part of the persecution on this memorable day. After one offender had received half the number of blows to be administered, James Haskell, a highly respected citizen of Harvard of that time, rode to the scene of brutality, dismounted, took off his coat, and offered to receive the last ten blows. His action so filled the persecutors with shame that they released their victim, who had borne himself with great fortitude. The feeling toward the Shakers greatly changed as the years rolled on, as attested by the fact that the late elder, Elijah Myrick, was a member of Harvard's school board for ten years, besides being honored in many other ways. To-day, no one is more highly esteemed in the town than that bright, lovable leader of this community, Eliza Babbitt, whose beaming face is an index of her philanthropic nature. , Oct. 30, 1898.