THE HOLY SPIRIT. By Alonzo G. Hollister. HOLY, set apart to the service of God, sacred. Free from sinful affections. Pure, guiltless. When about to leave the world, Jesus said to his disciples, I will not leave you comfortless. I will pray the Father and He shall give you another Comforter, even the Spirit of Truth that she may abide with you forever. I have yet many things to say to you, but ye can not bear them now. But when she, the Spirit of Truth is come, She will lead you into all Truth. She will glorify me, because She will take of mine and declare to you. She will show you things to come. People who uphold a system which excludes woman from all ministration in holy things, falsely represent the Holy Spirit in the masculine gender, whenever referred to as a personality. In Hebrew, the language of the people who first used the term, it is feminine, and so regarded by the Primitive Christians, as the best informed writers and scholars, like Farrar and Westcott, agree. The attempt to falsify the record is an'artifice of Antichrist to exclude woman from her rightful place and office in the work of redemption. 40 THE MANIFESTO. Any class of people that holds woman in bondage to man, whether by marriage or legislative enactments or by public opinion, do thereby prove that they are of the world, and the spirit of the Lord Jesus is not in them nor with them, for where the spirit of the Lord is there is liberty of body, soul, mind and conscience. The only free conversation which Jesus had with a non-Jew during his ministry, that we find recorded, was with the woman of Samaria. To her he confided this important truth,God is Spirit, not a spirit. The hour cometh and now is, when they that worship the Father, must worship Him in Spirit and in Truthor in the spirit of Truth, for the Father seeketh such to worship Him. The last sentence conveys the impression that such are few. They must first receive of His Spirit. Then only those who are thereby drawn to seek Him, will retain, or be found in it. He says in JoelI will pour out my Spirit upon all flesh created in my likeness. That is, after certain days, evidently after all our sins are purged away in the judgment. Jesus sent the woman of Samaria with a message to her people. It was a woman also whom he first commissioned to bear a message, after he came forth from invisibility to be seen only by witnesses, chosen before, of God. Ann Lee was a chosen witness, anointed with the Holy Spirit of Truth, who purified her own temple by the word of God and the daily cross, abolished in her own person the curse of the great transgression, brought life and immortal ity to men and women who had sought it in vain in the nominally Christian churches, and became the free, joyful Mother of spiritual children, who keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus against all sin. These are the woman's seed who crush the serpent's head of fleshly lust, or sexual attraction. For this is the grim giant which stands till conquered between every soul and its final inheritance with saints in light. It must be overcome and destroyed by the daily cross, or it will enslave the soul, prevent advance to the higher, and eclipse if not destroy all prospects of happiness in a life to come. All who have escaped victors from the Beast described in Revelations, through obedience to Mother Ann's testimony, do bear witness in their lives that her testimony is true, and they are many in one Holy Spirit of life everlasting. She did, what Jesus said the Comforter would do, convict the world of sin, of righteousness and of Judgment. Of sin, by reproving certain actions as sin which the world does not condemn. Of righteousness, by works of righteousness which she obeyed and taught others to follow. Of Judgment, by making souls feel the necessity of self-judging and confessing their sins before an appointed witness, and forsaking them forever. Those who do this escape the post mortem judgment of condemnation, because in so doing they pass from death unto life while clothed in mortal bodies. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.