Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. January. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1898. 25.45 1.25 in. S}4 ft. 1899. 26.8 1.125 ' 17 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 54 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 6 below' Number of rainy days ' ' 3 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 2 ' ' clear ' ' ' 12 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 14 Jan. 1899. It can not be said of this month, we have nodeaths to record,at 11 o'clock a. m. Jan. 15, Sackett Root. At 7 o'clock 45 min. Jan. 31, Sister Mary Hazzard. At 5 o'clock p. m. Jan 14, Sister Polly Lewis. January has been a very sickly month in our Community. Very few have escaped its malarial attacks. Once in thirty-three years or there abouts, our planet is subject to be afflicted with some kind of disease which ends the mortal life of an unusual number, as the records show. February is destined to be a sickly month and thus far it has been. Temporalities in the business line are prospering. We have the major part of our year's stock of fire wood at home ready to be sawed. We have 175 tons of ice securely housed ready, when summer comes, to cool our milk and broth. Men are working on the State Road, building the bridges and putting in the 4 ft. cylinders to conduct the water in the ravines under the road bed. Our highway roads are rather changeable, wheeling intersperst by sleighing; at times the snow would be dissolved and the sleighing would be destroyed. At present six inches of snow covers the ground and sleighing is used in transportation. Calvin G. Heed. South Family. Feb. 1899. Cold continues loud winds blow And anon comes down the snow, Shall be glad when winter's through, Wintry days are never few. Oh! for summer days to come When we hear the glad bird's song, When again the earth is seen Not in white, but robes of green. La Grippe has past through here and shaken hands with many in this section; we hope he will soon depart never more to return; he came uninvited, and uninvited he will go, an unwelcomed guest. Our dear Eldress Annie has been shut in for a few weeks; a patient La Grippe patient but through the skillful management of our local physician, Dr. Cleland, she is daily improving much to our satisfaction, we trust she will soon be restored to health and activity again. TERMS THE MANIFESTO. 43 Since our last writing we have witnest the ascension of three of the 'Ancients of the City,' Sisters, Polly C. Lewis, Mary Hazzard, and Sophronia Dole. Sister Sophronia was one of a noble family w ho united with the Community atSodus, and with them removed to Groveland in 1836, where she lived a long and useful life doing good to all around her. Sister Laura Dole is the last surviving member of that family; years of faithful service has rnarkt her record, we trust that peace and prosperity may attend her declining years. One by one they're passing on, Friends we long have known; But we'll meet them all again In our spirit home. Genevieve DeGraio.