Sanitary. FOOD AND TEETH. 'It is a remarkable fact,' said a prominent New York dentist recently, 'that the teeth of the poor are stronger and usually last longer than those of the well-to-do classes. The reason for this is that what food the poor give their children is of a variety that goes to make bones and teeth. This food consists of the outside of all the grains of all cereal foods, that contain the carbonate and phosphate of lime and traces of other earthy salts, all of which nourish the bony tissues and build up the frame. If we do not furnish to the teeth of the young that pabulum they require they can not possibly be built up. It is the outside of corn, oats, wheat, barley, and the like, or the bran, so called, that we sift away and feed to the swine that the teeth require for their proper nourishment. The wisdom of man has proved his folly, shown in every succeeding generation of teeth, which become more fragile and weak. Our modern flouring mills are working destruction upon the teeth of every man, woman and child who partakes of their fine bolted flour. They sift out the carbonates and phosphates of lime in order that they may provide that fine, white flour which is proving a whitened sepulchre to teeth. Oatmeal is one of the best foods for supplying the teeth with nourishment. It makes the dentine, cementum and enamel strong, flint-like and able to resist all forms of decay. If you have children never allow any white bread upon your table. Bread made of whole wheat ground, not bolted, so that the bran, which contains the minute quantities of lime, is present, is best. Nothing is superior to brown bread for bone and tooth building. Baked beans, too, have a considerable supply of these lime salts and should be on every one's table, hot or cold, twice a week.' Selected. BRUTALIZING AND INFAMOUS. Massachusetts has the first law prohibiting vivisection in the schools, and in defence of it W. W. Niles, the Episcopal bishop of New Hampshire, says: 'The torturing of dumb animals in the presence of a class of young people for the purpose of instruction is inhuman, brutalizing and infamous. Far better is it for both society and the individual that the scholar should know nothing that is taught in the schools than that he or she should be thus degraded and turned into a brute. The monster in human form who could give such an exhibition to young persons or defend it in another ought not one hour longer to be tolerated for a teacher of youth. He ought to be dismist instantly, and a superintendant of a school board who could tolerate such a wickedness ought not longer to be suffered to misrepresent a community of menand women. Words fail me to express the horror with which doings of this kind fill my soul.' Journal Transcript.