THE FOOD WE EAT. By Elder H. C Blinn. The position that is occupied by the human family in its claims for existence is, indeed, very peculiar. Just how far man has adhered to the original plan, will no doubt, be very difficult of solution. If we can entertain the thought that the race came into existence on the same plane as did all the beasts of the field, the birds of the air and the fishes of the sea, and that each order accepted the food that nature provided, then we only have to study the other animals to see what would naturally be the drift of the human. While the beasts, birds and fishes, in all probability, eat very much to-day as they did on the day of their creation; man by having a progressive mind, has made many changes. 48 THE MAN]FES TO. Tiiis may well become a quandary in the minds of those who are interested in what man shuu'd eat. If lie wns intended for an herbivorous or graminivorous animal he has ct rtaiivy departed to a sad extent from the oii.;inal plan. II it was nn'icip.ited that he would become an omnivorous aniiiial, and appropriate as food every thing that he could obtain on the land or in the sea, then his present position may be more readily understood. Specialists can easily work out a theory in accordance with their religious or scientific views, and after long and labored dissertations it may prove satisfactory, especially to themselves, that man was made to subsist entirely on the fruits, vegetables and grains. Another class, equally as religious, and no less intelligent, are positive that man was made to live on a mixed diet and to accommodate himself to that which happened to fall into his possession. The first theory is strengthened by Biblical authority, 'I have given you every herb bearing seed, and every tree in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.' It is also claimed in defense of this position, that the teeth of man are made for the eating of the varied kinds of fruits that are grown in the vegetable kingdom. The advocates of the second theory, place man among the omnivorous animals whose food is obtained from both the animal and vegetable kingdom. If an animal crossed his path, it was at once slaughtered for food, and if fruits were to be obtained, they also were accepted. This class also quote the Bible as a witness of the position they occupy, and say that one of the first acts after the creation of man, was the slaughtering of some animals, and the skins were made into garments for those who lived in Eden, and in all probability the Edenites ate the meat and Noah's first offering to God, on leaving the ark, was the fat and blood of slaughtered animals. Soon after this date man seems to have become a universal scavenger in accordance with the Biblical command,'Every moving thing that liveth shall be food for you.' Certainly all believers in the Bible and in flesh eating should have respect to this remarkable provision of food for man. Whatever may have been the divine plan in regard to the human economy, it is safe to say that we are quite well informed of the custom that prevails among us at the present time and our health and prosperity claim our earnest and special interest. Those human beings who inhabited the earth, on the first days of creation should have no more influence upon us in regard to our food, than in regard to our language or our general habits or customs. Mankind has grown, through thousands of years of valuable experience and the savagery of eating and drinking as those did, either before or after the flood, would hold us among a class of semi-civilized beings. The moral quality that has been developt in the mind of man, has given rise to many questions, and the subject of food preparation must find its legitimate place as essential and imperative for the prosperity of mankind as are the questions concerning right and wrong in civil cases or in matters of religious belief. If we look at the several classes of animals, we find them as they always have been so far as we may know; the herbivorous eating the same kind of food as in the day of their creation, while the carnivorous or flesh eating animals continue to devour all they can capture. Even this savage, animal nature has had a place among some of the races of men and they have signalized themselves as cannibals by even killing and eating their own species. Aside from the mere habit of taste, one creature may be as acceptable as another and essentially so as it was the command of the Bible, that 'Every moving thing that liveth shall be food for jou.' The world is not so old but this command still continues more or less in active operation, as the Christians and Heathen contend with each other to see which shall secure the largest number of moving things to be used as food. We have only THE MANIFESTO. 47 to interest ourselves with this subject, in order to iind that so late as the closing of the 19th century, but few things live and breathe that are not appropriated by man as food. Even tlio it should be proved, that man did for thousands of years live as an omnivorous animal in common with all other creatures of that same order, we are interested to know that a change came so soon as it did to give evidence of a better way. (To be conti.iued.)