GROWTH. By Fidella Estabrook. Ake you growing, daily growing in the likeness of the King? Does His love, so strong, so lasting in your heart with fervor spring? Does the life of Christ, our Savior, thro your life with brightness glow? Does His spirit dwell within you? Do you daily, hourly grow? Are you growing as the seedling, sending forth strong roots of prayer, Gaining strength and careful guidance from eternal sources there? Are you pushing to the sunlight leaves of earnest, Christ-like deeds, Are .your plants of worth and beauty, or but tares and worthless weeds ? Are you growing as the lily, trustful, pure, in grace each day? Caring not for coming morrows, pushing upward all the way, Leaving death, and doubt, and darkness, looking to the light above, Catching rays of richest blessing, and reflecting beams of love? Are you growing in the Savior? Are you drawing from the vine His own strength, His love and power, making truly His will, thine? Are your tendrils ever clinging to the promises, so sure ? Will the harvest yield the fruitage that forever will endure ? THE MANIFESTO. 39 Are you growing in His meekness? Are you growing in His love? Never resting, never doubting, pressing toward the realms above. We must die to selfish pleasures, die, that true life we may win, Only by complete surrender does the perfect life begin. Perfect life'tis found by growing, first the seed, then blade, then ear, Each one perfect in its forming till the perfect fruit appear. Growing, when the days are cloudy, growing when the hours are bright, Since we ever must be growing, may we grow but in the right. Growing thro' the bitter trial clean and pure, from self-life, free, Growing with each well-borne testing, moi'e, O Savior, like to thee. Growing, when the storms of sorrow beat in tempests, far and near, And when God's rich Bow of Promise writes above us, 'Do not fear.' Growing in His peace, so precious, rooted, growing, deep and free, E'er abiding in His presence, I in Christ, and Christ in me. Hidden in His life, forever, may my life His glory show, By His cross in daily bearing, I to perfect stature grow. And when dawns the day of harvest, and the reapers shall appear Gathering to the Master's garner souls from out earth's garden here. Tho ours may not be the blossom, or the fully ripened grain, Yet may we be found still growing, till perfection we attain. West Pittsfield, Mass.