NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. January. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1898. 25.45 1.25 in. S}4 ft. 1899. 26.8 1.125 ' 17 in. Highest Temp, during this mo. 54 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 6 below' Number of rainy days ' ' 3 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 2 ' ' clear ' ' ' 12 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 14 Jan. 1899. It can not be said of this month, we have nodeaths to record,at 11 o'clock a. m. Jan. 15, Sackett Root. At 7 o'clock 45 min. Jan. 31, Sister Mary Hazzard. At 5 o'clock p. m. Jan 14, Sister Polly Lewis. January has been a very sickly month in our Community. Very few have escaped its malarial attacks. Once in thirty-three years or there abouts, our planet is subject to be afflicted with some kind of disease which ends the mortal life of an unusual number, as the records show. February is destined to be a sickly month and thus far it has been. Temporalities in the business line are prospering. We have the major part of our year's stock of fire wood at home ready to be sawed. We have 175 tons of ice securely housed ready, when summer comes, to cool our milk and broth. Men are working on the State Road, building the bridges and putting in the 4 ft. cylinders to conduct the water in the ravines under the road bed. Our highway roads are rather changeable, wheeling intersperst by sleighing; at times the snow would be dissolved and the sleighing would be destroyed. At present six inches of snow covers the ground and sleighing is used in transportation. Calvin G. Heed. South Family. Feb. 1899. Cold continues loud winds blow And anon comes down the snow, Shall be glad when winter's through, Wintry days are never few. Oh! for summer days to come When we hear the glad bird's song, When again the earth is seen Not in white, but robes of green. La Grippe has past through here and shaken hands with many in this section; we hope he will soon depart never more to return; he came uninvited, and uninvited he will go, an unwelcomed guest. Our dear Eldress Annie has been shut in for a few weeks; a patient La Grippe patient but through the skillful management of our local physician, Dr. Cleland, she is daily improving much to our satisfaction, we trust she will soon be restored to health and activity again. TERMS THE MANIFESTO. 43 Since our last writing we have witnest the ascension of three of the 'Ancients of the City,' Sisters, Polly C. Lewis, Mary Hazzard, and Sophronia Dole. Sister Sophronia was one of a noble family w ho united with the Community atSodus, and with them removed to Groveland in 1836, where she lived a long and useful life doing good to all around her. Sister Laura Dole is the last surviving member of that family; years of faithful service has rnarkt her record, we trust that peace and prosperity may attend her declining years. One by one they're passing on, Friends we long have known; But we'll meet them all again In our spirit home. Genevieve DeGraio. Shakers, N. Y. Feb. 1899. We endorse without reserve all thatBr. George H. Baxter has stated in February Manifesto in reverencing the character of those departed saints, but would kindly suggest the following amendment. While it is beneficial to the individual soul to contemplate the example of those who have past over to the other side; be it resolved that we will not wait for that time to arrive but remember those pure and brave souls who are at present in the battle of life and gather from them that blessed inspiration which flows from those exalted lives and who are waiting patiently to be seen and appreciated. Those who have past to the evergreen shores faithfully performed their duty. We are here to perform ours; to be strengthened by their noble example. But to those weary and overburdened souls who are ready to give their lives for the truth, a kind word and a sympathetic look is accepted with a blessing; let us give it in overflowing measure. Day by day as we watch old Sol's advance as he moves northward, we are reminded that time is swiftly passing and soon Spring will be here with her inspiration in song-birds and flowers, and with toil on the farm and garden. The efforts that have been made in the later years to lift agriculture and horticulture out of the rut where it was supposed any ignoramus who was not fit for anything else could be a farmer or gardener, are bearing excellent fruit. Farming is classed with the most advanced scientific attainments, where brains and an intellectual training, as well as physical development are the factors that make the successful farmer and gardener. Hamilton DeGraw. Enfield, N. H. Feb. 1899. The past few weeks we have battled with humanity's enemy, La Grippe, who crept in among us and placed his debilitating power upon many of our folks. At date of writing, Feb. 8th, La Grippe has less weight and ve are seeking his speedy banishment. On Jan. 80th, the bell of Immortality pealed forth its notes of 'Come up Higher' for our loved Sister Zelinda Smith, who for many years honored our North family with Christ]y culture and faithful work. In her life we have an example of nobility safe to imitate. On the following day, our valued Brother Thomas Steadman, responded to the higher summons. Sixty years of noble consecration to our cause, forms his priceless diadem. As overseer of our large barn and stock, he ranked the best. In that realm where man is judged, not by scholarship, position or profession, but by his life acts, Brother Thomas will reap a rich reward. Two more vacant places. Upon the horizon of coming events, we perceive the on-coming messenger for others who must soon pass beyond Eternity's curtain that obscures from our sight the 'Land of Souls.' Even death has its message to us not only hope for better things, but also as old laws and materiality pass away work for the readjustment of society's conditions to the new changes less individual strength createth. 44 THE MANIFESTO. If we as a class are to keep our Godgiven estate free from the monopolizing greed of the world, and are to pass on God-ward, we must work as the heart of one for the good oi all. Waste no time soaring in the heaven of sentimentalism, predicting evil and debating upon non-essentials, to the neglect of the spiritual and industrial parts of our body politic. Let us train ourselves to greater endurance in fulfilling the responsibilities which the honor of our Church demands. George II. Baxter. East Canterbury N. H. Feb. 1899. Candlemas Day dawned 'fair and clear' so, according to the prophecies of the ancient weather-wise, we are still to expect winter. One storm came into line on the 7th, as if to verify the time-honored couplet; 'If Candlemas Day dawn fair and clear Beware, for winter has not been here.' At date, 14th, the elements are conspiring to furnish us with an old-fashioned blizzard, which opened its first act Sunday a. m. It brings one keen disappointment on its snowy wings, however, since it necessitates a postponement of the longanticipated visit of our beloved Central Ministry, who had agreed to be with us on the 15th. Still, 'the storm will not always last,' and our loving welcomes are safely deposited in the bank of Heart and Home, which issues all payments with compound interest. Despite the inclemency of the weather our worthy Brother, John Bradford, has found his way from Enfield, N. H., and ii now securely environed with us on the hill from which, happily, there is no escape for him at present. We are always much pleased when our good friends call this way, and when our influence is not strong enough to hold them we willingly accept foreign aid even when it takes the guise of huge snowdrifts. Jessie Evans.