THE ORDER OF MEDIATION. NO. 2. By Elder John Lyon. T is well known that every time the Israelites disregarded the law which God had given them through him, God manifested himself to them in displeasure and showed them by his judgments that inasmuch as they rejected His anointed mediator, they rejected Him. When God found his typical people outside of their order, He sent messengers to call them to their duty. He sent angels, spirits and prophets, and if they rejected these, He would send His judgments upon them until they were humbled enough to return to their duty. When they were found beyond the order of mediation and blending with the world, God visited them as He did the children of the world. They had no need to call in spirits either good or bad, to teach them their duty; this was given to their mediator in his anointing, and there was the place for them to look. The Lord said unto Moses, 'Gather unto me seventy men of the Elders of Israel whom thou knowest to be the Elders of the people, and officers over them, and bring them unto the tabernacle of the congregation that they may stand there with thee, and I will come down and talk with thee and I will take of the spirit which is upon thee and will put it upon them and they shall bear the burden of the people with thee, that thou bear it not thyself alone.' And Moses told the people the word of the Lord and gathered the seventy men of the Elders of the people and set them round about the tabernacle. And the Lord came down in a cloud and spake unto him and took of the spirit that was upon Moses and gave it unto the seventy Elders, and it came to pass that when it rested upon them they prophesied and did not cease.Num. xi., 16, 17, 24, 25. God did not say that He would send seventy spirits to take possession of the men, but told Moses that He would take of the spirit that was upon him. The order of mediation was the rock which followed them, and this rock was the foundation on which the typical dispensation stood. 'If the foundation be destroyed what can the righteous do?' It could not be destroyed as God had laid it, although the people of Israel could and did swerve from 36 THE MANIFESTO. the foundation and lost the blessing of God. God was faithful to his promises. 'You only have I known, of all the families of the earth ; therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities.'Aino;-, iii., 2. Moses told them that they would lightly esteem the rock of their salvation. He also told them that they would sacrifice unto gods whom they knew not. 'Of the rock that begat thee thou art unmindful, and hast forgotten God that formed thee.'Deut. xxxii. This the Lord saw and he abhorred them. When they disregarded the foundation on which they stood, they disregarded God, and if they attempted to worship God under the rites and ceremonies of the law, it was an abhorrence in His sight, as He spake by the prophet Amos, 'I hate, I despise your feast days and I will not smell in your solemn assemblies.' 'Though ye offer me burnt offerings, and your meat offerings, 1 will not accept them, neither will I regard the peace offerings of your fat beasts. Amos, v.. 21, 22. When this typical people disobeyed God in the order of mediation, they were left to reap the fruit of their own doings. Paul says,'Now these things were our ensamples to the intent we should not lust after evil things as they also lusted.'Cor. x., 6. We have the plain evidence in this dispensation of types and shadows that God was true to His promise. Moses did not sanctify the Lord before the people, by acknowledging that it was God through him that brought the water out of the rock ; instead of this he sanctified himself and his brother Aaron, saying, 'Hear now ye rebels : must vve fetch you water out of this rock?'Num. xx., 10. For this disregard he was debarred from entering the promised land. Eli was a high priest and his sons were ministering priests to the people, yet they were not suffered to go unpunished, any more than the lowest of the people. It will be said that Moses, Nadab and Abihu, Aaron's sons, and Eli with his sons were in the line of the anointed. Very true, and it shows clearly that God's order of mediation can not be trampled upon with impunity by any class of people. It also shows that each will be rewarded according to his works; to whom much is given, of him will much be required. Nadab and Abihu, soon after they were established in the priesthood, trampled upon God's law by disregarding the order given to them by the mediator; and fire came forth from the Lord and destroyed them. The sons of Eli profaned the anointing that was upon them and disregarded the law given by the anointed mediator. Their father knew this but did not restrain them preferring his affection for his sons above God, till God's wrath fell upon him and his whole house. 1 Sam. ii., iii., iv. The order of God could not be violated with impunity, but God would sustain the honor of the order of His appointment. God said to Eli, 'Them that honor me, I will honor, and they that despise me shall be lightly esteemed.' This was verified by judgments that fell upon him and his house. Eli fell backward from his seat and was killed. His sons were both slain in THE MANIFESTO. 37 one day. Abimelech also was slain with eighty of Eli's line of posterity, and all were driven from the priesthood. 1 Sam. xxii. (To be continued.)