TRIFLES. By Jessie Evans. 'Trifles make perfection, but perfection is no trifle.' DID it ever occur to you to trace the happiest moment in your life to its foundation, or to question the cause of the deepest sorrow you have experienced? Passing backward in thought, leaving behind the windings and ramifications, you may be surprised to find how slight was its source. The turning-point in many a life has been perhaps a smile, a hand-clasp of fellowship, when seemingly all others passed by 'on the other side;' a word of encouragement in the silence of despair, or a whispered prayer in the hour of danger. In our rushing, ambitious life, crowded with much that engages the mind only because it is beyond our power to attain, we often lose sight of the glory of our possibilities, often forget the value of so-called trifles. We are quite too busy to give attention to the little courtesies of life, too eager to be fortified against the great trials that seem likely to assail us to be mindful of the little vexations of every day, that consequently creep in and overpower usus who were so perfectly on our guard against less insidious enemies. It is one thing to be constantly anticipating what will never come, and quite another thing to meet what actually occurs, with patience and discretion. A pivot is but a trifle, so common parlance has it, but if perfectly adjusted it may balance a mighty weight. A helm is tiny compared with the bulk which is guided by its skillful manipulation. A word is but a breath, but it may be freighted with fragrance or with poison, with life or with death. MARCH, 1899. 34 THE MANIFESTO. Faultless we cannot expect to be yet, but the fault of underrating the value of little things will not long survive among the thoughtful. Thought urges upon us the responsibility which attaches to the ever present imnutiie of life. It takes great minds to recognize the magnitude of littleness, small minds seem to be ever dreaming of unattainable greatness. Nature is not at fault in this respect. Her smallest works are often the most wonderful. The beauty of the green sward is not marred by carefull}7 analyzing one blade of grass, indeed it is enhanced by the knowledge that the whole is a multiplication of just such wonders. The microscope reveals a world of beauties unknown to the naked eye. Note a snow-flake, au insect wing, a rain drop. Who can do so without looking 'through nature up to nature's God ? ' Campbell truly says, ' 'Tis distance lends enchantment to the view,' but there is a charm equal, if not greater, in the analytic when compared with the synthetic. The stem of an applehow tiny compared with the fully developed, juicy, red-cheeked fruit; yet by the soundness of its almost unnoticed fibres, the magical union is established between root and fruitage. Yet we grasp the fruit and despise the stem; and too often, alas, we carry out this policy in the daily growths of our human life, unmindful of the cause in our enjoyment of the effect, forgetful so often of the 'bridge that carried us over.' Only occasionally'does a Washington, a Lincoln or a Napoleon arise. To one Washington there are thousands of uutitled privates, but what could the General accomplish without that phalanx that merges its conflicting ind v,dualities, into the one electric stroke that vitalizes his verbal command ! A page in our national history ascribes the loss of a battle to the disobedience of one man. A trifle? Perhaps so, but (/' so then just such trifles have moved the world. The stroke of a pen is a little thing, but it may mean emancipation to thousands of suffering hearts 01 it may seal the doom of a waiting convict. A 'grain of mustard seed' is in itself a trifle, but this quantity of pure Christian faith is a remover of mountains. A sling and a stone in the hands of an unarmored David brought a sneer to the face of the mighty Goliath, but when they were exercised 'in the name of the Lord of hosts,' they accomplished no trifling work. Such trifles make history, such trifles make men. Our Savior showed a beautiful appreciation of small things. The lily, the sparrow, the little leaven, the cup of cold water, the branch iu the vine were great iu his divine sight; and while the proud and haughty were allowed to pass unaccosted, 'Jesus called a little child unto him and set him in the midst of them' as a text to that wonderful sermon upon true conversion, in which he let fall the words: 'Take heed that ye despise not one of these little ones.' The two mites cast timidly into the Lord's treasury by the poor widow did not escape the eye of the gentle Master ever so watchful for the springing up of the gospel seed which he had sown so liberally in the heart soil all around him. The spiritual much that hallowed the giving of the ma- THE MANIFESTO. 35 terial trifle called forth the approval: 'I say unto you that this poor widow hath cast in more than they all.' The significant lessons from Scripture, from history, and from the everyday battle fields teach us that no thought, expression or action should be deemed trivial until its effect proves it so. Someone has said, 'Fidelity in little things is the great Lest of life.' How true! Eisi Canterbury, N. H.