THE FOOD WE EAT. NO. 2. By Elder H. C. Blinn. FitoM a very early date the growing, moral state of mankind has revolted against this vulture-like system of eating, and Abraham has the honor of being the first reformer in dietetics. Following him on this same line was that wonderful plan of reformation under the Mosaic Law, and its faithful continuance bytthe Jewish nation. Through the influence of that law many of the most objectionable animals as well as birds and fishes were prohibited as food. And yet this moral discipline had no influence on the surrounding nations, as they continued the practice of an omnivorous diet, and we as children of those parents have largely inherited their tastes and appetites so that those who now profess to lead a Christian life, and those who make no profession are equally ready to justify the course that is taken in eating both fat and blood and also the flesh of all the clean and unclean Biblical animals. Certainly, it can do no harm to give this subject a passing thought as there is not much danger that one or two degrees more of moral elevation will do us any special injury. The New Testament has but little to say on the subject of food, for the simple reason that Jesus and his disciples were all educated under the Jewish Law and were thoroughly disciplined in regard to the food they should eat. At a later date a disturbance arose among the Gentile Christians that gave the apostle Paul some little trouble before he could restore peace to the church. When Peter fell into a trance and saw a sheet let down from heaven on which were all manner of fourfooted beasts, and creeping things and fowls of the air, and he was told to kill and eat he was evidently astonisht. He had up to this date received his inspiration from Moses and the prophets. We are not surprised that Peter was frightened at such an exhibition, as it would have frightened any Jewish Christian. It was enough for him to know the Law had forbidden the eating of unclean animals, but when he learned that it was intended only for a lesson to make him more charitable to the Gentile nation, he accepted the vision with good grace. A thoughtful writer H. A. Bradbury, in the 'World's Advance Thought' of Feb. 1895 writes as follows;'A reform is needed that has a regenerative force to raise the being to a higher key of desire, for man's desires are sensual, his appetites are depraved and he contracts unheard-of diseases; of passions and of worldly lust he is full. Animal flesh food stimulates the propensities from whose unbridled activity all the evil of the world results. If the thoughts are to be pure the environment must be pure. It will not do to mix dead flesh with live THE MANIFESTO. 63 fruit nor make the stomach a disinfectant to digesting animal bodies.' A writer of this reformed order is establishing himself as one of the saviors of the race, and his influence for good is of great value. The Apostle in his love for man writes;'To be spiritually minded is life and peace,' and the Christian should study what may help him to become spiritually minded. With the above illustrations we may compare that of the Hottentots of whom the African traveler, Barrow, writes;'Ten of our Hottentots ate a middling sized ox all but his hind legs in three days.' The same authority says; 'Three Bosjesmans had a sheep given to them at five p. m. which was entirely consumed before noon the next day. These people are equally filthy and gluttonous with the voracious vultures and are extremely sensual.' After such a picture of the human family we can very readily turn again to a class that stands on a higher elevation. Dr. L. Grossman writes in the Journal of Hygeio-Therapy, of Dec. 1894, as follows; 'We observe that civilized man lives on fruit only in exceptional cases; in the main, however, he lives on a mixed diet, consisting of meat and plant foods.' 'In the long run this must prove injurious and the ever increasing disease and degeneration of our age, although in part due to other perverse conditions of life, teach with appalling obviousness that a mixed diet can not be the one ordained by nature to man.' 'Nearly all slaughtered animals are diseased, for fattening is based upon the principle of the symptoms of disease.' Man is learning that with an immortal soul he needs a more disciplinary care for his life than do the beasts that perish. Head what was written by Dr. L. M. Holbrook in the December Conservator:'Is animal food necessary to health and the highest development of man? We do know that a very considerable portion of the race live without animal food, and even in those races of which a majority consume it, there are many individuals who do not seem to suffer very much, but rather gain by its non use.' 'We know that disease (dyspepsia) is most prevalent where most meat is eaten. The moral sense of the masses will never develop to that high degree of which it is capable so long as the slaughter of animals is considered necessary to supply our daily food.' After pursuing this interesting subject so far and obtaining so much that is valuable from these thoughtful minds, we accept this proverbial conclusion 'Man is what he eats.' This is also the opinion of W. H. Galvani who wrote an interesting article on this subject in the R. P. J. of Feb. 1895. 'The animals that subsist upon other animals are savage, spasmodic and lack persistency of effort, while on the other hand the animals that subsist on such food only as is obtained from the vegetable kingdom are comparatively mild, endure continuous labor and possess persistency of effort. The craving for animal food is due to the presence in its composition of certain extractives, which are the source of its being of a stimulating character. Stimulating foods demand of the system stimulating drinks, and so develop a taste for liquors.' (To be continued.)