Shakers, N. Y. March, 1899. Evidences are rapidly accumulating as proof of the fact that the gift, or if we may use a more modern phrase the science of spiritual healing has not become a thing of the past, unable to manifest its power as a beneficent factor in the regeneration and resurrection of life in both the physical and spiritual domain. The increasing number of magazines, weekly and monthly, which are advocates of the truth of the doctrine of spiritual healing and advocate'its application both for relief and cure of the many ills of life is proving the truth of the scriptural statement that 'man can not live by bread alone;' it being interpreted from the knowledge that the externalities of life's manifestation cannot satisfy the immortal spirit, neither are they capable of ministering the true resurrection to the physical, or can they place human life above the influence of drug medication whose advocates are at present seeking through legislative enactments to suppress the beneficent efforts of those who through the gift of healing are seeking to alleviate human suffering. From all points of the compass; from Maine to Oregon, California, Texas, Florida and many other sections of the country we have received literature advocating' the use of that beneficent gift and we can THE MANIFESTO. with joy exclaim, Lord our eyes are beginning to see the glory of thy salvation. May our days be long that we may witness the blessed fulfillment of thy promise, the healing of the nations. The editorial in March number on 'The food we eat,' can be given no higher praise from our feeble pen than that it has spoken the truth on that important subject. How few there are that are blest with a healthy digestive organization capable of assimilating the food needed to build up a healthy body? and how few there are that give that important subject the consideration that it deserves. Let the good work go on; we will cast our mite into the mighty caldron of constructive thought that it may help forward the good time coming when human life will stand upright in its physical and spiritual aspects, the highest embodiment of the creative presence. Hamilton DeOraw.