NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. February. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1898. 29.5 }4 in. 23 in. 1899. 24.43 % ' 37 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 50 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 10 below' Number of rainy days ' ' 1 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 7 ' ' clear ' ' ' 6 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 14 March, 1899. Lo! The winter is past with its cold chilling blast, but its direful effects still rest upon us, enfeebling many, among the group is numbered Eldress Dorothy Wright. Her first ailment was a sprained ankle. Her second is pleurisy. Hope this will be the last. 1899 thus far has been a season of affliction and sickness. Very few, if any, but what have had a draught of the bitter in some form. We are engaged at present in putting a new boiler in our Extract Laboratory and repairing the building otherwise. As Brother Alonzo G. Hollister will soon be in your midst, he can give you all the particulars. Snow, ice, rain and slush form our variegated highways, which make traveling very unpleasant. A few hands are working on the State Road, but the work moves at snail pace. I am putting the bit and martingale on my pen lest it writes more than 300 words and thus break the kind Editor's law. 'O, deem it not an idle thing A pleasant word to speak; The face you wear, the tho'ts you bring, A heart may heal or break.' 'I'lant blessing, and blessing will bloom; Plant hate, and hate will grow; You may sow to-day, to-morrow will bring The blossom that proves what sort of thing Is the seed,the seed you sow.' Calvin G. Reed. South Family. March, 1899. Time's on the march, the quick march too And April, May, the same thing do; To the march of time there is no end Eternity with time must blend. Our ice has proved a clear success, 'Twas clear as crystal, and the best; From twelve to thirteen inches thickT Gathered thoroughly and quick. When come the days of hot July, The healthful ice we'll not pass by, 'Twill have a place in drink and food, And all will then pronounce it good. Our fire wood is well secured For one more yearwe're well assured. Our blessings all, we can not count, To legions many they amount. Sometime we'll have a new 'high way,' 'Twill be cast up some future day, For builders work upon the road, While up and down men draw their loads. THE MANIFESTO. 59 And some will sing and some will swear The old road's steepthey just declare. Some to their horses they are kind While others, they are not, we find. But oh! we wish that they could see How wicked it is not to be. Of Eldress Annie we can say She is improving, day by day. La Grippe has lost its grip, at last, And gone with winter that is past. We hope our friends both far and near Have lost their 'grip' and found good cheer. We hope good health again may reign From Florida to breezy Maine. And to our Editor we send Our best of wishes without end. Genevieve DeGraw. North Family. March, 1899. Winter is usually considered a dull time, but this year, the latter end of it has been made almost too interesting for us by a visit from the grippe. Happily, he is now departing with the departing season, and tho he has done us little serious harm, we hope he will mislay our address, or do something or other that will prevent his ever returning. Out of doors snow has lately been very much in evidence, and so, little has been done that required open air labor. We have had some eighty tons of hay baled, as that seemed to be necessary in order to make room for next summer's crop: and soon we hope to begin sawing up our next winter's supply of wood, which up till now we have been hindered from doing, one thing and another coming in the way. Of spring's close presence we find ample proof in the arrival of plentiful lambs, white-faced some, and some black-faced, but all of them, chock-full of fun. Calves too are many just now. Our brother Floyd has some eighteen of them under his care at present, and is doing very well with them, and they are such clever calves too! On Christmas day, he informed us that they could eat hay when they were a week old, and added, that was more than we could do at that age; and we had perforce to admit such was the sorrowful case. Under Brother George's excellent care, our poultry continue to give a very abundant supply of eggs; considering the season of the year : and in such wise go our temporal activities. We try to find in them avenues or windows through which to look out into the eternal, for it is only half using this beautiful world we live in, to let our sight be stopped by the object that it meets, and make no attempt to see further. Frederic McKechme. Shakers, N. Y. March, 1899. Evidences are rapidly accumulating as proof of the fact that the gift, or if we may use a more modern phrase the science of spiritual healing has not become a thing of the past, unable to manifest its power as a beneficent factor in the regeneration and resurrection of life in both the physical and spiritual domain. The increasing number of magazines, weekly and monthly, which are advocates of the truth of the doctrine of spiritual healing and advocate'its application both for relief and cure of the many ills of life is proving the truth of the scriptural statement that 'man can not live by bread alone;' it being interpreted from the knowledge that the externalities of life's manifestation cannot satisfy the immortal spirit, neither are they capable of ministering the true resurrection to the physical, or can they place human life above the influence of drug medication whose advocates are at present seeking through legislative enactments to suppress the beneficent efforts of those who through the gift of healing are seeking to alleviate human suffering. From all points of the compass; from Maine to Oregon, California, Texas, Florida and many other sections of the country we have received literature advocating' the use of that beneficent gift and we can THE MANIFESTO. with joy exclaim, Lord our eyes are beginning to see the glory of thy salvation. May our days be long that we may witness the blessed fulfillment of thy promise, the healing of the nations. The editorial in March number on 'The food we eat,' can be given no higher praise from our feeble pen than that it has spoken the truth on that important subject. How few there are that are blest with a healthy digestive organization capable of assimilating the food needed to build up a healthy body? and how few there are that give that important subject the consideration that it deserves. Let the good work go on; we will cast our mite into the mighty caldron of constructive thought that it may help forward the good time coming when human life will stand upright in its physical and spiritual aspects, the highest embodiment of the creative presence. Hamilton DeOraw. Sabbathday Lake, Me. March, 1899. Makch came in like a lamb, but no doubt we shall hear the lion's roar before he goes out. Thus far some of the days have been very fine. We have commenced our spring work in the greenhouse; seedsowing, etc. The Brethren have lately put a No. 2. Baby Separator into our cow-barn and this will lessen the dairy work to some extent. They are getting over 32 gallons of milk per day. The Separator cream tested 32 per cent butter fat, while the old creamery cream tested 22 per cent. General Eepairs is stopping with us. I notice the window blinds, of one house and then another, missing and find on inquiry they are undergoing a reformation of a new coat. So are many of the rooms in the brick dwelling, also sleighs, wagons, etc., which have been in with the Oeneral and come out looking quite new. Our deserted Village, the Poland Hill Farm, has at last been sold to the Kicker Brothers, who will soon turn it into a very beautiful place which their guests will enjoy visiting. The family have been afflicted with much sickness the past month, which was a great hinderance to our fancy basketwork. Nearly all have had La Grippe in one form or another, but at last all are safe and that is much to be thankful for. Ada S. CumniinffS. West Pittsfield, Mass. March, 1899. We realize as the lengthening days pass that 'winter's reign is nearly over,' and that soon spring, the loved harbinger of birds and flowers will be with us, and with gentle smile and touch awaken nature's sleeping children to renewed life. We are willing to bid adieu to poor, overworkt winter. Surely his part has been performed faithfully and he should be awarded due praise. The snow has fallen thick and fast, the wind catching it has piled it in huge drifts here and there, the thermometer has reacht a lower point than for many years, and a genuine blizzard has been introduced to complete the record. But intersperst with this have been bright, sunshiny days when jingling sleigh-bells chimed merry times as the sleighs past over the smooth snow. The ice, of fine quality, and plenteous in supply, was promptly gathered, for we find in spite of our dislike for winter we enjoy a little of its preserved essence during the warm summer months. La Grippe laid seige to our home in February, and for a few weeks held us unwilling captives. Still we did not despair but rallying our weakening forces struck a final blow for liberty and rose to conquer. Day and night we waged warfare until the enemy beat a retreat, not being able to cope with our armed forces, who fought with pellets and plasters so skillfully. At present the wounded are nearly recovered and peace once more reigns. The busy mill at the foot of the hill, and the buzzing saw in the valley, are at work all day converting once stately trees THE MANIFESTO. 61 into boards and cords of wood for extensive uses. And so with its lights and shades time passes onward. Already nearly a quarter of the new year has become a part of the past. May the days yet awaiting be filled with blessing for our brothers and sisters in other homes, while unitedly we endeavor to raise aloft our banner whose motto is 'Purity and Truth.' Fidelia Estabrook.