Enfield, N. H. March, 1899. 'Nature is blazing with the light of thought And mind effulgent with divinity; For God alike through mind and matter wills, Works, ultimates himself forevermore.' Who, understanding the growth of nature and the laws of progressive intelligences, can doubt that 'God alike through mind and matter ultimates himself.' Do not the achievements in every moral, educational and scientific department of life, as well as the more universal spirit of national and international union existing, all bear impressions of 'mind effulgent with divinity' that evolves the crude into better; the triumph of right over wrong; of truth over error? In our national arena of life, President McKinley and Gov. Roosevelt stand as men of high prestige, character and Americanism, whose aim for political incorruption, bears one phase of 'mind effulgent with divinity.' They are worthy recipients of a nation's homage, yet there are thousands who, though not named on the nation's register of illustrious countrymen, are as worthy of the epistles of commendation for well-doing, pledged to bear the Christian cross of self-denial and to extend the staff of life to the needy and teach them the way of victory over sin and self. Over a century ago, our Church was founded by like Christly, stalwart souls, and to-day their noble successors fail not in receiving the coin of soul appreciation for merited work. Since last 'note' we welcomed our revered Ministry from Mt. Lebanon. They were accompanied by our valued Eldress Emeline Hart, lately appointed to the place made vacant by the ascension of Eldress Joanna Kaime, and Eldress Harriet Johns, appointed as associate with Eldress Emeline. A unanimous greeting was accorded Eldress Harriet. If we all blend with the eternal integrity and willforce of the Christ spirit as we feel its forces from within and from each other, we will know that 'God ultimates himself in our lives and to the work of blessing others.' Winter is preparing his dirge of decadence, at which we grieve not, as we all long to hear the new song of balmy spring. Snow enough to make sledding easy enough to draw from the hills 100,000 ft. of logs, 200 cords of fire wood, and 17 cords ^of ice from Mascoma Lake. George H. Baxter.