THE ORDER OF MEDIATION. NO. 3. By Elder John Lyon. iHHE new creation is clearly typified by this dispensation, not only in the _L laying of its foundation in a mediatorial order but in its being sustained1' as God's mediatorial order, both with those who lived in obedience, and with those who lived in disobedience. God always so adapted the means to the end that when He laid His plans, it was from an immutable source, unalterable, leaving no alternative for man. He must comply with it or suffer the penalty. Man was created an earthly being, and was endowed with all the animal propensities like the rest of the animal creation. He was also endowed with a rational soul, capable of spiritual existence, and God evidently intended that when he had faithfully fulfilled his earthly duty he should rise to a spiritual order. The law given to Adam was to govern the earth, and by ruling his own nature, he ruled the earth. Had Adam kept the law and remained in sub- 56 THE MANIFESTO mission to God, there could have been no possibility of the powers of evil leading him away from God. As man did not keep his rectitude it was necessary that a way should be provided to effect a resurrection. In the fullness of time, God introduced the creation of the new heavens and earth, by creating a new man, with all the animal propensities like Adam. God gave to him power to rule his own life, and left him to his own free choice, either to obey the will and command of his Creator, or rebel, and be subject to his animal inclinations. In the resurrection state he was called the second Adam, and became the resurrection to whom all souls must come, and was called Jesus (Savior) because he should save his people from their sins. Jesus said, 'I am the resurrection and the life.'John, xi., 25. When Jesus was about thirty years of age, God anointed him with wisdom and power, and gave unto him the elements of eternal life. 'Thou art my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.' It was at this period of his life that he began the work of regeneration, and for the space of three years he 'trod the wine-press alone.' God appointed Jesus as a mediator between himself and man. To qualify him for this office God put all things into his hands relative to the order of the New Creation. As Jesus said unto Thomas, 'I am the way, the truth and the life; no man cometh to the Father but by me.'John, xiv., 6. Jesus did not come in his own name, but God, his Father, sent him with the proclamation to the world, 'No man cometh to the Father but by me.' To show that the mediatorial agency was given to man, Jesus called himself the Son of man. Scripture, at length, might be quoted to show with what power God anointed him. Jesus declared that he had power to forgive sin. He is Lord of the Sabbath and of all things in relation to the New Creation. He declared to his followers that he who sowed the good seed was the Son of man, and that the harvest was the end of the world. When he should come, he would sit on the throne of his glory, and that all nations should be gathered before him, and that he would separate them, as the shepherd the sheep from the goats. THE FOUNDATION WORK. We will now take a view of the principles by which Jesus laid the foundation of his work. His kingdom was submission to that power by which he was appointed,'I came down from heaven, not to do mine own will, but the will of Him that sent me.'John, vi., 38. I can of myself do nothing, as I hear I judge and my judgment is just, because I seek not mine own will but the will of the Father who sent me. Jesus taught his followers the impossibility of entering this kingdom without submission to God and as God has appointed a mediator, how is it possible for anyone to be in submission to God unless he is in submission to the mediator? Whoever sets at naught those appointed in the mediatorial order of God, have no God. THE MANIFESTO. 57 Jesus said, 'Verily I say unto you, except ye be converted and become as little children ye shall not enter the kingdom of heaven.'Matt, xviii., 3. He taught them the importance of humility on entering the work of regeneration. 'If any man will come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me.' It is true that Jesus taught many moral precepts in order to prepare the people to enter the work of regeneration. 'Verily, verily I say unto you, he that receiveth whomsoever I send, receiveth me, and he that receiveth me, receiveth him that sent me.' After Jesus had established this foundation, no one who belonged to the order of regeneration, ever found access to Jesus or to God through him unless they found him in an earthen vessel. Perhaps some will, say that Saul found him on his way to Damascus when he saw a bright light and was struck to the earth. This agent was to put Saul in a situation to find the Mediator. {To be continued.)