THOUGHTS PENNED BY AN INVALID. [Contributed by Elder John Whiteley.] iLGive us this day our daily bread.' WE are too apt to dwell on the future rather than in the present moment ! How frequently we hear people say, 'I will do such a thing to-morrow' or next spring or fall or the coming year. I heard some one say a few days since, 'We are talking over our plans for next summer' and the THE MANIFESTOi 53 thought came to me 'Ye know not what a day may bring forth for in such an hour as ye think not the Son of Man cometh.' Man goes forth in the morning full of strength and hope, and before the evening comes, he is cut down and the place that knew him knows him no more ! How important then it is for us, my gospel friends, that we should guard and improve the present, for upon this day and moment the future must rest, for the noiv will soon become the past, beyond recalland as we reflect upon it we should ask ourselves 'if we have quit ourselves like men.' In order then to obtain a proper spiritual frame, our souls must be fed with that bread of life which cometh down from Heaven, seeking only for that which is highest, purest and best. Too many persons are apt to think that when we ask for our daily bread, it means simply, that which supplies our physical wants ! But it means more, for while we should see to it with scrupulous care that nothing enters into the 'temple of the living God' that would debase or weaken it, we should be all the more impressed with the great importance of having our spiritual natures furnished with proper food and nourishment, and that regularly and constantly. How often are we inclined to neglect to furnish by prayer and faith, the nourishment needed to fill our soul's requirements. We say we will wait for 'some more convenient season' which in many cases results in nothing being done. As the body becomes weakened and unfitted to do its proper work if it receives not proper nourishment, so must the soul that is neglected become dwarfed and enfeebled. We then can not too urgently or frequently ask the good Father and Mother to send love into our hearts, for if we are filled with that, we have indeed the bread of life which will enable us not only to enter into the joys of this life, but will help us to journey on cheerfully toward the joys that belong to the home above, the delight of which we can but faintly imagine. For there will be no tears, no separations, but love divine abides. May the daily bread of love, peace, faith and joy ever be found on our life's table, and the loving Father and Mother its constant guests.