Martha, Martha, thou art careful... By Rebecca A. Hathaway. 'Martha, Martha, thou art careful and troubled about many things: But one thing is needful: smdMary hath chosen that good part.'Luke, x., 41, 42. The above mentioned words were spoken by Jesus at one time when in the home of Martha and Mary. Martha, who we perceive was earnestly engaged with household duties, was troubled because her sister was sitting at the feet of Jesus, listening to the wise and beautiful words which fell from his lips. We may trust that she was enabled to help some other soul, from receiving this added blessing of strength. 64 THE MANIFESTO. 'But one thing is needful,'Martha was undoubtedly giving all her time and strength to the providing of perishable things, perhaps knowing no higher need, nor realizing the importance of the message being spoken by Jesus; Mary appeared negligent in duty, hence Martha's appeal to Jesus;'Bid her therefore that she help me.' Here was Jesus' opportunity to impress a lesson of the immortality of his teachings. 'Martha thou art troubled about many things; but one thing is needful; and Mary hath chosen that good part.' Had he not previously taught, 'Take no thought what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink, or wherewithal ye shall be clothed?'Take no anxious thought, let your first and greatest concern be to 'seek first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness, and all things needful shall be added.' We do not for one moment imagine that Jesus meant the needful things of life would be added to the indolent and selfish ; but the Kingdom of Heaven sought first, is a safe guide leading and guiding us in the daily walks of life to follow where the Christ can bless, speak as the Christ would speak, and thus so beautifully combine service with worship, as to render the whole life praise unto God. Later in the second manifestation of the Christ spirit we have the guide, 'Hands to work' and 'heart to God.' The first condition, 'Hands at work,' may only signify toiling for an earthly subsistence; 'heart to God,' added as a guide to the hands enables us to fulfill by word and work the Savior's prayer, 'Thy kingdom come, thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven.' East Canterbury, N. H.