AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF SISTER MARY HAZARD. I was born November 11, 1811, in Hancock, Berkshire Co., Mass. My first known ancestor, Robert Hazard, came from Wales, in 1640 and settled in Rhode Island. Some time in 1700, Jonathan Hazard, his grandson, and my great-grandfather with his family moved to Hancock, Mass., then a new country, where my father was born in 1775. My mother, Lucy Vaughn, was also born in 1775, and they were married in 1796. I was the youngest of eight children. My father, a Justice of the Peace, was called Squire Hazard. He represented the town and state and was for a time Senator of the state. During his term in office there was great excitement about war, and all must enlist as soldiers or pay a heavy fine; and it was through my father's influence that the 54 THE MANIFESTO. Shakers in Massachusetts were exempt, on account of religious principles, from learning war or paying the fine. The Brethren from the Shaker settlement frequently called to see him on business, and altho a child, I saw something in these Brethren which seemed so good and pure that I was very much attracted to them. About this time I became acquainted with Mary Fairbanks, a distant relative, who had children among the Shakers. She told me much about her youngest daughter Olive, how happy she was, and once when returning from a visit to the Shakers, brought me a letter from Olive in which she invited me to visit her at New Lebanon. This invitation pleased me, and I wanted very much to go there and attend school. I askt my parents but my mother opposed the plan. My father being better acquainted with the Shakers, made no objection but insisted if I went that I should return when the school term closed. Shortly after this two Brethren called on my father and he mentioned to them my desire to go to the Shaker school. They replied that he had done so much for the Shakers they would be pleased to have me come. 'But,' said they, 'what if she wishes to stay?' He said he would willingly consent, but my mother was opposed to my going even for a short time. Nevertheless I continued my pleadings until mother consented. In June 1824 two Brethren came again to consult with my father, and invited my parents to attend the dedication of their new Meetinghouse on the Sabbath, July, 4. They accepted the invitation and decided to grant my long cherished desire, to go with them and remain for the school term; and when I went to get my books I bade a silent farewell to my former school, feeling I should never return to it; which proved to be true. As soon as I arrived at the village I felt perfectly at home. The next day being the Sabbath we attended the dedication of the Church. Afterward, my parents visited with the Brethren and Sisters, and my mother's opposition changed into love for the people, and she readily gave her consent for me to remain if I chose to do so and my parents both promist never to take me away and their word was as good as law. Living so near my parents, at their request I often visited them, and sometimes my young companions, just entering into society, would plead with me to remain with them and held out many temptations of the worldly life; but my love for and interest in my Shaker home was stronger than all their enticements and they past me by as the idle wind. My parents always gave me good counsel and taught me to be industrious and prudent; be kind, and if it was my choice to remain with the Shakers, to live according to my profession. My father would say: 'Mary, if you want to be a Shaker be what you profess, and don't be a hypocrite. Be careful of the company you keep for there is danger everywhere of young people gathering to those of weak moral character instead of the strong.' My mother always said she took more comfort visiting me than any of her children, altho they were all well married and comfortably settled in life. I have always had a double love and honor for my parents that they were willing to give me up to follow my own religious inclinations, and to strengthen me in my belief and altho I had everything in my father's house that I could desire, it was not to be compared to the happiness I enjoyed in my Shaker home with so many like myself, who had sacrificed the world for the pure spiritual life. During the thirteen years I lived at the North family, my parents provided all my clothing or gave me the money to use as I needed. In 1837, there being several deaths in the Church family, I was askt by the Elders if I was ready for a fuller consecration, to leave my home at the North family THE MANIFESTO. 55 and become a 'Church member' which in those dajs meant more of a separation from my natural kindred. I replied that I would go. I then went with some of my Shaker friends to acquaint my parents with my proposed change, telling them I should not see them as frequently as I had done, all of which seemed right to them and when on the 7th of June I ascended the steps to my new home at the Church family, I felt like a virgin about to consecrate her life in the Temple of Holiness. In the year 1846 I was askt to assist in the Office and in 1851 was appointed one of the deaconesses, where I remained until December 1896. In all my years of service I have aimed to be just in all my dealings and true to the Community whose interest I was privileged to guard. Having signed the Church Covenant soon after my admittance into the Church, in all the years I have occupied as financial assistant I have never spent the value of a dollar for myself only as I shared with my Sisters. In my father's will which he often showed to me, there was much bequeathed me, but just previous to his death some who married into the family altered the will, in a way that I could ha\ e but a small portion unless I left the Shakers, and knowing I would not do that, they felt sure of being the gainers. By some unknown or unfair means they gained my father's signature to it. But the $1000 I did receive in money, according to the Covenant I had signed I freely devoted to the interests of Community, and felt happy in giving my little to the home I loved, while I pitied those whose conscience must be troubled with what they had gained by fraud. Now in my declining years I have a conscience void of offence before God and man. I have naught but love and blessing for those who bear the heavy burdens of Community in this day, and I pray that they may be blest with wisdom in all their duties. I love and bless all my faithful Brethren and Sisters, praying that my advanced age may never find me a burden where I have always determined to be a blessing. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.