Narcoossee, Fla. March, 1899. The lessons that the Florida farmers and gardeners are learning are both pertinent and timely. And every one who feels to come to Florida for a home and live by agriculture should read the last five year's experience of the state. It has taught those who are now living here that the greater portion of the state is unsafe for the culture of tropical fruits and winter vegetables with more chances against them than in favor of profitable returns, excepting in the sections below the twenty-sixth parallel or region not materially damaged by any cold up to date. There the orange, the lemon, the pine-apple, and guavas, with other tropical fruits, have never been seriously damaged by frosts. This is a small country compared to the area of the state and will always be until some of the great and noble minds who have the wealth feel enough for the good of humanity to open their purses as well as their hearts and spend a few thousand dollars in draining the Everglades. 62 THE MANIFESTO. We have suffered little compared with many of our friends north of us. As our greatest aim has been in cultivating the pine-apple, our greatest efforts were turned in time of the freeze for the salvation of that crop, and at this date we have the consolation of seeing our efforts rewarded by about seven-eighths of the crop. It is safe to say there is but little damage done to our cane field, excepting a small percentage of the stubble cane from which we made our last year's crop of syrup. It is generally expected that a reasonable crop will result from it the second year, but the crop we are depending upon was all planted before the freeze and received no hurt. We also have a large piece of cassava which was planted at the same time that is in good condition. These are our three staple crops and should we succeed in saving these we shall feel that we have come out of the blizzard with but little damage. True, our winter vegetables, with the exception of cabbage, onions and turnips were all cut down and we have had but very few, but we are thankful for what we have had. Andrew Barrett.