THE MIDDEN MANNA. By Jessie Evans. AMONG the breathings of God given for the courage and heavenward perseverance of souls, perhaps none is more precious than the sublime promise : 'He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches ; To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the hidden manna.' It seems to add a sequel to the Savior's words : 'Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness ; for they shall be filled.' Much has been experienced and written of the conflict through which the soul must pass in order to merge the selfish will into the divine will, sacred writ is flooded with light to lead the soul to an attainment of this all-important result, yet the desirable blessing remains to many still afar off. The world is full of wranglings and unrest, and the sea of human life is crested with many billows. Creeds are dissected and discarded, the church vainly seeks a remedy for its scant assemblies, the pulpit is derided for proclaiming too much or too little truth, or rather because it does not present that type of truth (?) which is elastic enough to circumvest personal pride and still ease the pangs of a sleepless conscience. But a revelation of this nature has not yet come from God, and those who defer the vital decisions of salvation untiL a day of legal compromise will wait in vain. The voice 'crying in the wilderness' awakened some who had 'ears to hear' and the 'Lamb of God' followed to find a few souls waiting for his immortal doctrine. Will this doctrine ever please the public ear? The text seems to point to the negative view. 50 THE MANIFESTO. The overcomer referred to is not a passive character who has acquired a title without toil; he is in every sense of the word a reformer, a transformer. Into his life has been received, willingly or not, a powerful, pungent testimony, which, received from the lips and life of the uncompromising Savior, and sealed by the Fatherhood which authorized the Christhood, puts to the sword all the enemies that refuse to surrender. Narrow, selfish affections dissolve in the broad universal love which the new commandment signalizes. Personal preferences are gradually, often painfully, merged into the all-absorbing yearning to follow the divine appointments. This is not the work of a moment, nor the bauble of a child. The sinews of his manhood are daily tested by a law before which human strength is weakness, in whose even balance the least shall be the greatest, 'a little one shall become a thousand and a small one a strong nation.' The fibres of his self-will vibrate with many a thrill of suffering unechoed by the world, the tears of his soul he conceals behind a placid countenance lest men should gain his spirit's secret and cloud the horizon of his pure sacrifice with their weak human sympathy. But the struggle escapes not the slumberless One, God is ever cognizant, and his perfect law provides for the safety of his wrestling children lest at any time they dash the foot against a stone, human or otherwise. Though of the earth, earthy, they have established in their hearts a new kingdom where an enlightened conscience is enthroned, to whom every faculty of body and mind gives honor in willing subservience. While resident on the earth, they are not 'of the world,' their minds have risen 'above the blue' into the hidden pastures by a path that 'no fowl knoweth, and which the vulture's eye hath not seen ;' and a ' highway shall be there, and a way, and it shall be called The way of holiness; the unclean shall not pass over it,' not because the redeemed guard the holy spot from intruders but because the force of God's law is inexorable. The overcomer enters into a wonderful inheritance. He finds himself, by divine promise, an 'heir of God' and a 'joint heir with Christ.' The fruitfulness of the earth insures the maintenance of the natural man, that which conduces to the health of the body springs up on every hand.' But the Lord is mindful of his own, he remembers his children,' and his grace is richly provident of the good things invisible that sustain and build up the soul. Famine comes only to the prodigal, husks are eaten in the 'far-off' countries, 'bread enough and to spare' is in the Father's realm. They who meet the discipline of sorrow and realize the blessedness of the ^refining processes outlined by the law of eternal right, enter into a community of soul, whose open doors 'no man can shut.' Kindred souls find each other sooner or later, a common bond attracts them, a freemasonry of spirit exists among them, and the signs and counter-signs invite a confidence never misplaced. To such, who are strangely always in the minority, if God's side can ever THE MANIFESTO. 51 be a minority, the prophets speak in comforting tones. The richest promises of God rise from the pages of sacred history for their consolation. The strife between practice and principle having ceased, the Christian feels the power of peace resulting from the relinquishment of his life forces to divine law. Surrounding influences exert a great power as he awakens to the responsibility of adapting his little life to the larger life around him that God's glory may he the issue of every hour. Godly lives corroborate his experience, holy counsel confirms his faith, thoughtful prayers strengthen his courage, and a brother's hand of fellowship communicates a vigor that gives a firmer ring to his voice, leaves a deeper furrow behind his plough of daily service, and imparts a richer hue to his consecration. Contrary influences, on the other hand, try and rivet his faith, they test the resisting capacity of his steadfastness, under the strong wind of adversity like a sound tree he strikes his roots deep and wide to withstand the force, and in the storm he best learns the use of his anchor, compass and sounding-line. So the Christian loves his friend and his enemy. Both foster his spiritual growth, both fulfill a wise design in the divine planning. One strengthens his virtues, the other exposes his weaknesses. Neither must be evaded if the growth be symmetrical. Truly, God's wisdom has provided good friends for the Christian. But all this points outward. Away from the strength that circumstances and associations bring to him, there is in the heart of the overcomer an abiding substance, a living presence, a divine entity, which proves true, at every mile-stone of his ennobling journey, the sacred promise quoted by the Revelator. His spiritual seuses recognize this invisible reality, this necessity. His soul accepts with avidity the blessed food, that tones up its tissues and empowers it for renewed activity, and looks never in vain for its constant bestowal. Every day the manna drops from heaven into the inner wilderness and his soul freely gathers it in according to its need. Once this precious manna puts vitality into a man's inmost being and the hunger is gone forever, for the supply never fails. He who feeds his soul energies upon this food shall live forever, for as the natural manna repaired the waste of the physical man, so this 'hidden manna,' bestowed by an all-wise Providence, contains all the elements for the upbuilding of the spiritual man. As he prays 'Give us this day our daily bread' and his hands earnestly labor for the 'meat which perisheth,' his soul reaches upward into the goodness of God's promise to secure its daily supply of that 'meat which endureth unto everlasting life.' If he gather much in his mental voracity he has 'nothing over,' and if in humble sorrow he gathers little he knows 'no lacks,' for He who sends the precious food supplies just what is needed, and the soul is permitted to appropriate only what is for its nutrition. Our Savior said, 'If any man eat of this bread he shall live forever.' But reception only is not sufficient. This must be followed by the slower, more permanent processes of absorption and assimilation, and where the 'stature 52 THE MANIFESTO. of the fulness of Christ' is maintained, the hygiene of the soul imposes fasting as well as feasting days. Spiritual law is wonderfully adapted to the health of souls, all so similar in need yet so strangely different in structure. 'One man's meat is another man's poison' as really in the spiritual as in the physical economy ; and the relish of the soul is directed intuitively toward that which is for its best good. Hence we can not follow with impunity the regimen of others. Were we dependent upon others' givings for our soul supplies, the problem of capital and labor might intrude itself upon the religious as upon the material world, but monopoly ceases when we enter the new birth. Here it is man for man. 'Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.' We may do good for and to each other, and the world cries out daily for more of this philanthropic spirit, but the law of eternal equity metes out to the giver the measure of his giving and to the receiver the measure of his receiving, 'God is not mocked.' Influence does much to fashion individual character, but when in the history of souls judgment is laid to the line and 'righteousness to the plummet,' the spiritual stature of manwill it not be determined by the ' 'measuring rod' of personal power, aspiration and attainment ? 'I have meat to eat that ye know not of,' the Savior said, and to the solitude of the mountain he repaired for his soul feast. As did he, so should his disciples do. Christian silence marks the hour of truest worship, for then the soul is eloquent, and in holy communion it feasts on the bread broken and blessed by its 'Author and Bishop.' All the real things of God are invisible to the natural eye, and unspeakable in human syllables. We may speak of them, but we can never describe them. So the heavenly manna is known only to 'him that receiveth it,' but the life which it supports, the eternal energy which it establishes is destined to people the Christian world with manhood and womanhood, citizens worthy the name and nerved to meet the crises of the times without blenching. Are you still hungering in spirit? Christ says to you, 'I am the bread of life ; he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst.' East Canterbury, N. H.