SELF-DENIAL. By Hamilton DeGraw. THE denial of self has been the great dragon that has frightened many timid souls when urged by the promptings of their higher sell' or the solicitations of friends interested in their welfare to reject certain conditions of life which, judging from the results, were derogatory to their best good. What is that self that must be rejected and cast out as an unprofitable servant? In answering it must be understood that human life has not advanced to its present condition only by first realizing the fact that there are conditions of life in advance of the present, and its interests will be promoted by their attainment. As the soul can not have its allegiance divided this advancement can only be made by the rejecting of those which are controlling at the present time, even if by thus doing temporary inconvenience and suffering is caused, for it is a law of the spiritual world that every effort made by the soul for advancement, a stepping on to higher vantage ground where the responsibilities and enjoyments of that state can be realized, causes pain to the lower self. Here is where the denial is enjoined, for, the soul desirous of ease, would iucline to that condition which produced it, but as true enjoyment can only come by progressing, growing, finding a field of more expansive culture where the environments that formerly controlled have ceast to exist, then so long as those conditions are present which prevent the soul from making those higher attainments there will be a necessity for the practice of self-denial, a rejecting of the inferior life for the superior. As life is a continous movement, no stopping on the way, it must either advance or recede and the fact must be recognized that there are forces existing in the soul that would strive to hold it down to its present level, and even lower the plane of life on which the soul is living. Sometimes it is made to realize that by a surrender to those lower promptings there will be certain pleasures granted that are not recognized by the higher self ; but the soul realizing that if it attain to these higher altitudes, it must be by a denial of those pleasures which belong to lower levels. 'Excelsior' must be the motto and watchword, and as the higher conditions of life are attained the attractions of the lower will be lessened until they cease to have a controlling influence upon the life, and self-denial will cease to be operative, as there is no affinity in the soul that would attract it to the conditions which it formerly was compelled to reject. There is a freedom of thought and action not understood nor accepted while dwelling on the lower planes of life. While it is admitted in all phases of life that the law of self-denial as a restrictive and directing power is a necessity, it does not bear upon all alike, THE MANIFESTO. 71 that which in one would call for an extra exertion of the will and conscience to keep the life within the limits of what the higher self has shown to be right; to another whose attractions lead in a different direction, the law of thus far and no farther shalt thou go, wou'd be inoperative, because unnecessary. It is a true saying 'we are not all tempted alike,' and while dealing with our own life, controlling its wayward impulses and encouraging its aspirations for an advanced growth, enforcing the higher mandates with an uncompromising sternness when it comes to sit in judgment upon the conditions that have made other immortal souls what they are, and who many times we are. incapable of understanding, then the gift of charity is best made manifest by self-denial of those inclinations that would work only harm. Many times reformers in their zeal to combat the false conditions and vices that are oppressing human life, condemn the individual more than the causes that have been productive of that state of being, forgetting the fact that the one afflicted is the subject of environments that have made his life what it is, and the first step in the reform of the individual life is to stimulate an effort to practice denial to the lower self, helping, by improving the conditions that surround its life, making it more in accord with the internal aspirations of the toul for improvement. Removing the temptations by placing before the tempted one, a life so superior to the old, so full of attractiveness and beauty that it be absorbed in admiration, even to the forgetting that there was a need of denial of the old life. It is possible for the soul to attain unto a condition of such supreme spiritual exaltedness that the necessity exists for a rejection of the lower emotions. This does not imply that the soul has arrived at the boundary line and can not progress farther; but it is evidence that, in the most perfect comprehension of the word it has just begun its spiritual journey. All former efforts were only preparatory, clearing the highway of the incumbrances which would impede its advancement. In the efforts made to attain unto this exalted state, great strength and help is given by avoiding those conditions that attract the soul to that lower life for, 'Vice is a monster of so frightful a mien, that to be hated needs but to be seen, but seen too oft, familiar with its face, we first endure, then pity then embrace.' There are times when it is wisdom not to try to avoid a conflict, but let the soul unfurl its banner and combat its enemy in its own stronghold. In evidence of the truth of this assertion we are reminded of the inebriate who, having his conscience roused to a recognition of the fact that if an effort was not made for his emancipation he soon would be where help was useless, resolved to make one mighty effort to release himself from the demon that had him in its grasp for so long. He seated himself before the table with a lighted lamp and a bottle of liquor, bid his family retire, as 'Jesus Christ and the devil were to meet that night and decide which should have possession of his soul.' We are told he met his enemy and conquered. By 72 THE MANIFESTO. a courageous self-denial he emancipated his life from the bondage to his former master. We who believe in the divine ministry of angels, know that the soul is not left in its battles alone ; that the inspiration of angels gives courage to work for the victory. The existence of that mighty host which the Revelator saw, who had come up out of great tribulation and made their 'garments white, is not a myth as some materialistic writers assert, but the number is being iucreast day by day, as hitman life is advancing and the soul, through self-denial, attains to that condition where it can say to the discordant and destructive elements of the lower life 'Peace be still.' Shakers, N. Y.