NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. March. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1898. 40.5 1.375 in 2 in. 1899. 29.52 1.75 ' 3 ft. Highest Temp, during this mo. 52 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 10 ' Number of rainy days ' ' 4 ' ' snowy ' ' ' 12 ' clear ' ' ' 6 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 9 March, 1899. March has been more like a winter month than spring. It has been full of bluster, snow and sleet. Less than half of the days have been warm enough to force the mercury above freezing point. Tracing back several years T fail to find a March that equals the present one in sterility, inclemency, and unhealthfulness; especially the last. Very few if any have escaped being prostrated by sonic epidemic. The entire year of 1899 thus far has been a sickly one. Sleigh-bells have played their signal music the entire length of the month. Snow-banks are still spread over the landscape from 3 feet deep down to now and then bare ground. By appearance it will be the middle of April before the fanners begin to plough, sow and plant, if not later. We have finished sawing, splitting and piling our year's stock of fire-wood. As unpropitious as the season appears we are religiously and conscientiously told: 'The seasons tell us that God is Love, for he gave us the seasons,Spring with its fresh green leaves and buds, Summer with its flowers and berries, Autumn with its grains and fruits, and Winter, with its frost and snow, that cleanse the air and prepare the ground to be more fruitful.' Calvin G. Heed. South Family. April, 1899. Hick's weather predominates, and April with its showers of rain and housecleaning has come to stay for thirty days. The summer birds are returning singing songs of the resurrection of life, fore-runners of the good time coming, when snow-banks and snow-shovels will be seen no more, when frost and slush will disappear, when the orchards will blossom, the gardens and fields rejoice in a newness of life, and the frozen streams renew their onward march oceanward. We have read with delight the biographical sketch of Eldress Eliza Babbitt, published in the Phrenological Journal for January, and The Manifesto for February. For ninety-two years the world has been benefitted spiritually, morally, intellectually, socially and scientifically by this THE MANIFESTO. 75 much gifted woman. The Autobiography of Sister Mary Hazard was also read with interest. She too was one of God's noble women and better has grown the world for her eighty-seven years of unselfish service rendered in the cause of human elevation. We are busy making and repairing garments, attending to the various household duties and preparing for the annual house renovation. The chair enterprise continues, and demands the beautiful 'Shaker Chairs.' We find plenty of work for hands and mind; no time for idleness, which is a great blessing on our journey heavenward. We recently received a 'Souvenir of Rochester' published by James Vick's Sons, of Rochester, N. Y. The fine scenery of the famous Genesee Valley was pleasingly familiar. The 'Flower City,' as Rochester is often termed, is one of the grandest in western New York. The Genesee Valley is noted for its healthful climate and fine natural scenery; it represents one form of God's handiwork, and the Berkshire hills another. Geueoieve DeGraiv. North Family. April, 1899. A slow March indeed! and to many a funeral march. But be of good cheer. Soon the snow will be gone, for already the voice of the bluebird and of the robin is heard in the land. Another sound not so cheering is also heard; that of the beating of carpets and adjusting of closets prophetic of the grand house-cleaning so trying to the souls of the unregenerate and unclean,the white woman's burden! In the meantime the frisky calves and lambs ought to be making pastoral poems of our hill-sides; but alas! who cares to write or act pastoral poems in sheets of snow? Not the calves and lambs surely. It is the poetry of action that is most appreciated now and the beacons are flashing their signal fires from peak to peak, calling us to the battle; and of all people we should be first and foremost in this war waged against the wrongs of humanity. Let us keep the cobwebs swept from our brain and our soul as well as from our rooms. Less protesting against evil and more practice at putting this evil down and out; fewer words, among us, and more works. G. Ada Brown. Shakers, N. Y. April, 1899. We would render thanks to Sister Jessie Evans for the excellent article from her pen in the April Manifesto. While perusing it we thought what a blessing it would be to those who were struggling for the light, and yearning for that food which would strengthen their spiritual life, if such gifts of the spirit could he sown broadcast with a liberal hand; be placed where they could reach the myriads of lives that are now groping in darkness. It is a grand and inspiring thought that we have the immortal life with us now. That notwithstanding all the environments of a repressive nature that surround multitudes of life's pilgrims, the desire to attain unto life's higher levels can not be wholly suppressed, though for a time it may slumber, the individual not being conscious of its existence. We are glad to see that our Manifesto is doing far better than even that, son of Erin who said he 'started in life with nothing and had held his own.' We hope it will be sustained. It is a medium through which the testimony of the everlasting gospel can be sent forth to those who are hungering and thirsting for the bread and waters of life; and regardless of what external appearance may indicate the conclusion that we have drawn from reading and correspondence is that the principles of the higher life are being unfolded in human life as never before, its necessity is being made apparent to the lives of a large body of thinkers interested in human progress. We were one of a delegation who at- 76 THE MANIFESTO. tended a lecture by Rev. C. IT. Mead, at Lothridge hall, Verdoy, N. Y. on March 14th. 'The Mills that Grind,' was the subject of the speaker. It was a powerful incitement of the curse entailed upon society by the liquor traffic. The literarystyle was excellent, but overshadowing all else was the tremendous earnestness of the speaker, his utterances fell like sledgehammer blows upon that accursed system. We give our hand of fellowship to all such laborers. Hamilton DeGraw. West Pittsfield, Mass. April, 1899. As to outward appearance at present, it is very muddy. Mother Nature is very late with her work, and we fear will now be obliged to do double duty in consequence. She slept so long and soundly during the winter night, and was so snugly covered with her white mantle, that it was a difficult task to arouse her. The sun commenced gently and gradually to awaken her, but failed. Then a fierce thunder storm tried its power and crashed and boomed, but to no avail. Then the crows came, a congregation of them, and tried coaxing and calling, and as a last resort, singinguntil they were hoarse, but still no sign of life appeared from under the drifts of snow. At last King Sol came to the rescue, and rising higher and higher, sent his beams down with such warmth that she began to move and then to throw off her covering, although she yet clings to patches here and there. She is fully awake now, and very busy, so we hope that by diligence, spring will not keep summer waiting long. The early birds are with us once more. The chickadees have hardly left us, and the Phebes have returned, but are still hunting for that unfortunate sister, for this morning they came under my window and called for her incessantly. The robins have come in a band and landed so suddenly in our midst that we were surprised when they perched around the house and commenced a full chorus of their merry melodies. Dear, friendly, hopeful, trusting robins ! How many lessons we may learn from your lives, how by your simple trust and cheery sonps you reprove our doubts and quiet our murmurings. The Father surely has revealed to you his wisdom, that from you we may learn object lessons of faith. Although most of our trees and plants are tardy in their growth, the wood piles have grown to their full size. The mill has been busily worked converting the pine logs into material sufficient for another winter. The eighty calves before mentioned, wish to submit their report occasional,y. They have flourished and grown during the winter, although the hay mows have suffered. The little, wild colts are fast developing into well educated horses; although they can not obtain a No. 1 diploma, yet can draw a carriage very nicely. The Ministry are with us once more. While receiving all of the good we may, let us also extend our tenderest love, our kind sympathy and loyal obedience. For he who lives only for self, finds only self at last, but he who gives all shall receive all in Christ. Fidelia Estabrook. Enfield, N. H. April, 1899. Easter day with its annual incentives to work for full resurrection from the tomb of earthly entanglements and pass into the light of God and partake of soul energies that embellish life with Christly attributes, was appropriately observed by our Church with a morning service full of short sermons and inspiring songs, and in the evening held a service of music, songs and recitations referring to the arisen Christ, and the immortal work of his followers. In reviewing some of the events of the past year our hearts waft notes of gratitude to the powers that have levelled the unrighteous forces that enslaved the Cu- TJ IE MANIFES TO. 11 ban and Philipino people; never again, we hope, to pass into the state of barbarity. The world wide resurrection movement seeks egress from the dust of material desolation into a sphere of better order and life, thus enlarging the silver lining of Christian affinity fringing the clouds of human grief and turmoil, and making it possible for the white dove of peace to fly from heart to heart, from home to home, and nation to nation with its spotless love, caroling notes of resurrection's truths, joys and works. The few days that Brother A. G. Hollister sojourned with us last month, and his visit was one of profit and pleasure. What tine testimonials in favor of mortal resurrection from error and evil are souls like our brother, who devotes his all to resurrecting laws, that raise the whole organism above earth's corruptions and pleasures. We also entertained our friend Kev. T. l^osco, of Rochester, Vt., who has lately accepted a call to preside over the Universalist church of Enfield. The bond of union made will be conducive to reciprocal associations that work for greater righteousness. George H. Baxter. Sabbathday Lake, Me. April, 1809. The robins gave us a welcome concert on the first inst. Although they made their appearance on 'All Fools' Day,' their notes were the welcome announcement of spring to us who have been surrounded by the drifts of snow for the past months. An old orchard which has stood for scores of years is now being laid low, and the gnarled trees that for a century, at least, have furnished the tables with the nice, spicy apples, are soon to be converted into fire-wood. We are glad to see the unsightly place cleared and to feel that new fruit trees are soon to take the places of the old ones. On the 8th inst. the family were surprised to find radishes on the the table, which were grown in the greenhouse in 40 days. Work in that department is pressing, just now. The hum of the wood saw has already commenced. Logs at the mill will soon be made into lumber. While the Brethren are thus employed, the skillful fingers of the Sisters are busy fashioning the pretty boxes, brushes and baskets to sell during the summer months. Housecleaning and culinary work also need immediate attention and there is no place for a drone in our hive of busy bees. 'O friends whose hearts still keep their prime Whose bright example warms and cheers, Ye teach us how to smile at Time, And set to music all his years.' Ada S. Cummhif/s. East Canterbury N. H. April, 1899. Our Notes were all tuned with becoming concentration last month to the happy themethe visit of our beloved Central Ministry. The pleasure of anticipation was exceeded only by the richness of realization. They brought us wealth from an ever full treasury, and the love and blessing of a grateful people echoed every footfall as they passed from our midss. Brother Alonzo Hollister paid us a visit on the 7th ult., leaving for Enfield, N. H. on the 15th. The brevity of the season was its only fault. The presence of a thoughtful Christian is a blessing everywhere. Truly the salt has not 'lost its savor.1' During March, a new boiler marched into line to share the burden of Laundry and knitting factory engine. New recruits are not to be despised, but we look with pride on the retiring veteran that for thirty-nine years has so nobly borne the heat of faithful service. Wood-sawing, which opened on the 17th ult., is progressing briskly. The spirit of thrift has flourished despite the severity of winter, and the quick-witted farmer is on the watch to turn nature's first upris- 78 THE MANIFESTO. ings into a useful as well as an ornamental channel. Our society has been signally blest with freedom from disease and accident during the long winter, and as we render thanks for personal and society blessings, we remember in Christian sympathy all who have shared in the world's serious calamities recently so numerous. .les$ie Evans.