A DISCOVERY. By Oliver C. Hampton. i4 A ND thine ears shall hear a word behind Thee, saying, this is the way, -/TX. walk ye in it, when ye turn to the right hand, and when ye turn to the left.'Isaiah xxx., 21. When sickness, pain, outward trials cr inward conflicts come upon us, what is to be done? Ah! sure euough what is to be done? I think I know considerable upon this subject, b-&gt;th by experience and observation. Sickness and pain can be relieved if not entirely cured in nine cases out of ten, by fasting. But inward conflicts and outward trials, can be made to cease, and peace can be restored, if we only know how to do it and will take the proper means thereto. The Bible says we are direct emanations from the Great Father (and Mother) of the Universe. Our inmost Being, then, must be exactly like His in all respects. Jesus also said that the Kingdom of Heaven is within us. What is the kingdom of Heaven? Jesus said it is righteousness, peace and joy in a holy Spirit. Suppose we should sit down in silence and solitude, and dismissing for the time all other thoughts, should pass into and explore this interesting region. As it consists of the aforesaid qualities, there can be no pain, sickness, sorrow or agony there, for none but The Father is there and He never suffers in in any way. So as long as we remain there we must be at rest and in perfect peace, for we are in the Kingdom of Heaven. This is not speculation, it is truth,for I have proved it by experience. The more this habit of inward retirement is acquired, the more is the peace and felicity thereof increased. Again, when we are tried from outward bad or unkind treatment, what is it that suffers in us ? It can not be the God that is in us for He is incapable of suffering. Well,whatever it is, if we will take Jesus' method, and say 'Get thee behind me, satan, for thou savorest not the things that be of God, but those which be of men;' it will surely leave us to the enjoyment of the. Inner Kingdom of Peace. Now by persistence in this method for a longer or a shorter period, all inward and outward troubles will gradually THE MANIFESTO. 73 pass away like the clouds in the sky, and leave us in a state of contentment and invulnerable peace. Once moreSuppose we are insulted as we call it. What is it in us which is insulted? Is it the Father in us? Not at all. He can not be insulted. Is it not exactly like that which insulted us? To be sure it is. Then if we are foolish enough to receive and be affected by the insult we take into our hearts two devils instead of the one which we had before, and our last estate is worse than our first. By determining that we will not be insulted, nor wounded, (the decision which is always made in our inmost Kingdom) we may parry all the anguish and agony which it was intended to inflict upon us, and our peace will remain as a river, and our righteousness as the waves of the sea. Now if we do not prefer discord and bad feelings, to peace and good feelings, we may enter into the Promised Land of Eternal peace at once, and by first confessing all our sins, and getting once for all rightly into gospel harness, we may soon possess a Kingdom wherein dwelleth righteousness, peace and joy in a Holy Spirit. Try it and you will surely become convinced that all that Jesus ever said on this important theme is trueUnion Village, Ohio.