THE ORDER OF MEDIATION. NO. 4. By Elder John Lyon. 'TT'T'HEN Moses sent for Dathan and Abiram, they said, 'We will not VV come up.' It is quite remarkable that the same spirit of rebellion should be found in every age, considering the punishment was so summarily executed. The Christian church met with the same experience, Nicholas, one of the seven deacons in the church at Jerusalem, laid' a selfish foundation and taught a doctrine of his own. Peter, Paul, James and Jude all tell us of the sins and enormities of this class of professors. But, said the apostle, 'There were false prophets among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you.' It requires different faiths, different doctrines and different opinions to make different sects. But it is possible that each of these sects might hold to some particular point of faith with them to crucify the flesh with its affections and lusts. History states that in the second century, the universal church formed its creed, faith and doctrines from Pagan philosophy, Pagan rites with Jewish ceremonies, and then adding some forms that had been practiced in the Apostolic church, to give it the name and appearance of a Christian church. In 325 A. D. they assembled a council of contending prelates and passed a decree, hy vote, that Jesus should no longer be looked to as a mediator, but that he should be considered as a very God. As Jesus said to his disciples, 'I am the vine, and ye are the branches. He that abideth in me and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit, for without me ye can do nothing.'John, xv., 5. When the fullness of time was come for the Son of man to make a second appearance on earth, he came as he promised, in an hour when the}7 wTere not aware. He found that faithful and wise servant who was watching for her Lord. He made her ruler over his house, to give them their meat in due season, and as he was crowned with two crowns, as was typified by Joshua, he gave one to his faithful servant who was a, co-partner with him in his work and kingdom. To him was given the principles on which the new creation was founded; the same he gave to her, with full power to dispense them to the human race in due season, when he had raised the order of mediation and laid it for the foundation of his work complete. During this work of preparation but little was known of submission. The people were like the Corinthians, who said, 'I am for Paul, and I for Apollos and I for Cephas.'1 Cor. i., 12. The people were in this state when Father Joseph Meacham and Mother Lucy Wright were chosen as mediums to carry the work of the church. They were empowered to establish an order of mediation in every place where a church was to be established. The law was a shadow of good things to come THE MANIFESTO. 69 and though not the very things itself, yet it typified the thing it represented as nearly as the type can represent the antitype. Whoever tries any other way except the one appointed by the spirit of God, will find his labor in vain. It seems that every one that has faith in the anointed, must see that the order of mediation is the foundation of the whole work of regeneration. (The End.)