THE NEW LIFE. By Lillian Phelps. 'Verity, verily I say unto thee, Except a man be born again he can not see the kingdom of God.' WITH the opening of a new year, oni' thought is called to the new life, which, as disciples of Christ, we are seeking to live. What is this new life, and how is it to be obtained? 'No man pntteth new wine into old bottles, lest the bottles break and the wine be wasted ; neither do we put a piece of new cloth unto an old garment for that which is put in to fill it up, taketh from the garment and the rent is mads worse.' So the new life can not be grafted into the old branch with its withered and gnarled conditions of worldliness and selfishness. Nicodemus asked Jesus, 'How can a man be born when he is old?' not realizing that the body may reach maturity, while the soul may never have been awakened by the spiritual forces that lead to a new life in Christ. To a soul that is born again, the old heavens and earth pass away; all that once absorbed the selfish love, and gave rise to a transient happiness, gives place to the new heaven and earth conditions, wherein the chief source of happiness lies in doing good and fulfilling the mission of Jesus Christ. The new law, which governs this new life, is the law of Loveof unselfish, sacrificing love. 'Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.' There is no limit to this love. It embraces all who are needy and suffering, the erring or repentant, as well as the good 'elder sou' who hath served faithfully these many years; none are orphans in the love of this heavenly Parentage, for the mission of Christ is to seek and save the lost. Broader, grander and purer than that which the world calls love, and which is confined to the few who form the circle of friends, is the love of Christ which is the crowning principle of this new, this divine life, and claims as brother or sister all who are seeking to do the will of God. To those who will leave all for Christ's sake, is promised the hundred-fold in this world, and in the world to come everlasting life, which may be commenced here, in this world, as we rise from the old life into the newness of Christ's holy doctrine. East Canterbury, N. H.