THE NEW LOVE. By Flora Rothtwell. Closely allied to the 'New Commandnu'nt' is the new love, which characterizes the disciples of Christ, who are ever ready to bear and forbear, give and forgive, and would willingly suffer pain to alleviate another's sorrow. It is written of those who love the Lord, that, 'their leaf shall be green and they shall not cease to bring forth fruit.' It is also recorded that love is as strong as death.' Surely this is no vague imagery, nor could it be classed with the love that 'waxeth cold.' Love is represented in the words: 'Many waters can not quench love neither can floods drown it.' This love is no fitful feeling which comes at extraordinary seasons, but it is a continual, abiding principle in the soul. St. John writes, 'This is the love of God, that we keep his commandments.' We often read of David's love to God in the words; 'As pants the hart for cooling streams, so longeth my soul for thee, O God.' Genuine love to God, calls forth similar desire; not as a child who loves and serves his parents, expecting the benefits which they can bestow; nor as the self-deceived one who loves God on account of blessings received from his hand, but who never would voluntarily make a personal sacrifice from the love of a Godlike life; or would suffer the good he might do, to stand unrewarded. But the true Christian loves and delights in the law of God, and his chief source of grief is, that he falls short of keeping it to its fullness according to his understanding. And if disappointment follows his efforts, he never wearies, for the 'fruits of humble trusting grace,' are offered as his tribute of love to God in this hour of testing. 'Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind; and thy neighbor as thyself.' Love to the neighbor is the fruit of genuine love to God and is the fruit of sellsacrifice. .Better still is that unalterable true love to God, which finds its source in our heart of hearts, dependent on no time or circumstance, place or emotion, to diffuse and circulate its power, but resting in our lives as an increasing substance, gaining in strength and depth with passing years and growing experience. The selfish love of the natural .heart is but an undesirable counterfeit of the love of God, for God's love is a creator of peace and harmony, rather than strife. The love of the old dispensation taught ''Love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy,' but Jesus said, 'Love your enemies, bless them that despitefully use you,' 'For if ye love them that love you what thank have ye.' 'Be ye therefore perfect even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.' For 'He maketh his rain to fall on the just and on the unjust.' 'Love one another as I have loved you.' How did Jesus manifest his love? He says, 'I lay down my life for the sheep.' This is the love of God. If we could 'look into the seed-time of life and say which grain would grow and which would not,' how mercifully we would extend the love of God, and how bountifully, according to our limited capacity, would we bestow our best efforts for the increasing good of others. East Canterbury, N. H.