THE FOOD WE EAT. NO. 3. By Elder H. C. Blinn. To show that the human race do eat of every thing that moves and breathes, may be a surprise to some, but when it is learned that the civilized and Christianized nations aie but a very short distance in advance of the most barbarous tribes, we may well be astounded. All reforms seem to move at a snail's pace. It has been more than 3000 years since Abraham delivered his reformatory lecture on dietetics, or that the rulers of Israel decided by law that certain articles of food were injurious. It required fully 4000 years before a messenger could say to the people, ''You must love your enemies, and pray for those who hate you.' But the Christians have not only ignored the message that was delivered by the Christ, but have equally ignored the wisdom of Abraham, and the Law of God through Moses. Many of the following curious customs, in regard to the preparation of food for the human family were taken from the writings of the Rev. J. G. Wood. We have made some of our first references to the uncivilized races as they live now, in a wild state, and really represent the omnivorous character of man better than those more advanced. Of the diet of the civilized Christians we shall speak more fully, before we close. 'The native Australians eat almost everything. For vegetables they cultivate the yam and eat the young shoots of the mango tree. They also eat the roots of the rush and fern, but the chief reliance is on animal food, as the kangaroo, reptiles and dogs, with fish, moluscs, lobsters, crabs and insects. Tadpoles are a favorite article of diet. The limpet is eaten as the English and Americans eat clams. The fish are thrown on the fire and turned once or twice and when the outside is scorched, they are eaten without farther ceremony. The Australian is fond of honey, but does not extract the honey from the THE MANIFESTO. 79 comb. He eats it just as it is taken from the hivewith the honey, bee bread and bee grubsall are consumed with equal satisfaction. The larva of the caterpillar is eaten as are the beetles and their grubs. They eat butterflies the same as the Egyptians eat locusts. Reptiles form a part of their diet. They will eat any kind of beast, bird, reptile or fish. They gather moths by bushels; these are baked, and then the legs and wings are rubbed off, when they are ready to be eaten. An Australian can go on a day's journey, and by hanging a small snake and a rat to his girdle, he has no fear of hunger at the hour of dinner. A snake is considered one of the greatest of delicacies and he is always easy in his mind, so long as he can catch one. 'The Digger Indians of North America are said to eat sand, rats and bugs. Crickets are pounded and made into a paste, and enjoyed as a rare feast. Worms, grubs lizards and horned frogs are also eaten.' This will not seem so strange when we refer to the Bible and to the command that was given to Noah. 'Every living thing that moveth shall be food for you,' and the worms and lizards and horned frogs did move. Some of the missionaries to Africa said they occasionally had white ants served as a delicacy. Dr. Junker says, 'After a while I could eat fried ants with as much relish as any of the natives.' Dr. Brazza sat down cne day to eat dinner with the natives. He was very hungry and enjoyed his palatable dish which he supposed to be fish, but when he told the delighted cook of this fact, he was informed that it was a snake. The information ruined his appetite. 'The Hottentots and Bosjesmans eat strongly tainted meat as eagerly as though it were fresh. They hunt the ostrich, and if lucky enough to get one bird and a nest of eggs they are made very happy. They are quite indifferent as to the quality of the eggs. If they should be addled or have a chick partly grown they think themselves in luck.' 'Blood and fat are used in medicinal preparations. They also eat the eggs and larva of the white ant. Some tribes keep their milk in bags made of skins and draw from them as often as it is wanted. These milk bags are never washed, but a little sour milk is left in them to aid in coagulation. If pieces of butter should luckily be found, they are valued, though not for eating; these are reserved for the more important office of greasing the hair or the skin. These nations eat corn, melons, pumpkins and many kinds of roots. They also eat dogs, cats, ants, mice, lizards, snakes, cs terpillars and other creatures. Many kinds of insects and their larva are also eaten. Ingenious hooks are make by which the larva are drawn from the hiding places in the ground or under the bark of the trees.' 'The Kytch tribe will eat mice without removing the skin. If the bonus aiv, too large, they are pounded and the whole mass is made into a sort of porridge. These people keep herds of cattle but never kill one to eat, but if it should happen to die they will use it as food. One tribe eats crocodile meat, also boiled monkej ; indeed, a well cooked monkey is considered a rare dish. They make a pudding of meal mixed with blood. A palatable dish is made of liver and the stomach chopped up fine and mixed with the half digested grains therein and this is flavored with the contents of the gall bladder and highly seasoned with pepper, salt and onions, and eaten uncooked. The dirt-eaters of South America seem to enjoy the eating of a species of soft and smooth clay. It is not their only food, but is eaten when other food, such as alligators and turtles begin to fail. The young turtles are eaten just as they are caught, without removing the bones or any other part.' (To be continued.)