STRANGE DOCTRINES. By Elder Henry C. Blinn. THE doctrine that I believe, can not be strange to me, as in that case I might not accept it, although all other systems may seem peculiar. The doctrine which Jesus taught need not be strange to any one, and yet the Christian church presents more shades of belief than there are points to the compass, and these shades are strangely opposed to each other. If we believe in the testimony of Jesus, we can accept it as the only door of hope. His mission on the earth was to teach men how to live soberly, honestly and righteously that they might in the resurrection share with him the blessings of eternal life. His authority for teaching and for pointing out to man the way in which he should go to obtain treasures in heaven, is not generally questioned. As we denominate ourselves Christians, we also claim a right to present those views which are published so fully in the New Testament. While we are anxious that none should be led away by strange doctrines, we are equally anxious that they should become steadfast in the ways of righteousness and manifest by faith and good works their confidence in God. To become a Christian, one must build on the foundation which was laid by Jesus the Christ. Paul has said, and truly,'Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ.' Now it becomes a matter of interest to ascertain how near we come to this Christian foundation and the kind of material that we are using as we build for ourselves a creed, a sect, a party, or a community. Possibly we may 66 THE MANIFESTO. find a near relationship to the old, caraally-minded Corinthians, who built with gold or silver, and a poorer class tried to build with hay, wood and stubble. Human nature is the same to-day as it was in Corinth and the churchal religion is kept just about the same, with gold and silver or hay and stubble. Men will try everything except the crucifixion of their own lives. Jesus says 'Whosoever he be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath, he can not be my disciple.' Did Jesus mean what he said? We believe he did, and this becomes the first, step in our Christian work. As no man can well perform any manual labor while fastened with heavy chains, so no man can well perform a Christian's duty while carrying along the sins of the world. The first sermon that Jesus preached was,'Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.' Every man who believes he is called of God to be a Christian should repent; should change his mind and make for himself strait paths in which to walk. He should then take an account of the stock that he has on hand. Bear in mind 'All that he hath.' All his gold and silver, all his houses, horses, oxen, sheep and goats. 'Sell all that thou hast.' Then the disciple must forsake all his worldly, generative relations and keep company only with those who do the will of God. Men will forsake all else to consummate their own wills in the obtaining of wealth, fame or sensual enjoyment, and the whole nation will shout for joy. The Christian must love his enemies, for Jesus has said, 'Love your enemies and pray for those that despitefully use you. If ye love them chat love you, what thank have ye? Sinners also lend to sinners to receive as much again.' It is said that the great preacher of Brooklyn advised the pioneers of Kansas to take with them the New Testarmnt, and also Colt's revolver. Both weapons have been used for conversion at an earlier date, or corresponding ones and why not at the present time ? Moses had taught his brethren to hate their enemies and they did it most effectually. The Christian church has used the same record to mark its own antichristian course. 'Love your enemies,' said Jesus. No man would harm that which he truly loved, and to be a Christian, one must be a loving peace-maker, a child of God. The army and navy can obtain no system of rules and regulations from the New Testament, and the lawful or unlawful fighters can not be the disciples of the Prince of Peace. Some assume to think that God encouraged the Israelites to fight against their enemies and utterly exterminate them, but as God is the same yesterday, to-day and forever, the old Israelites must have accepted a very crude conception of God's will. Peter said to Jesus, 'Behold, we have forsaken all to follow thee.' There are many Peters in this day who, after forsaking a few of their selfish possessions, ask 'What shall we have therefor?' Then some of the much mar- THE MANIFESTO. 67 ried divines, keen on the use of subtleties think that Peter, while a disciple, did not disturb nis family relations. That he and his wife became disciples of the Teacher and still lived in the little cottage by the sea. Peter tells his own story. He had forsaken all, and no man can call himself a Christian until he can say,'Behold, I have forsaken all to follow thee.' Peter's doubts were removed when Jesus said, 'Ye who have followed me in the regeneration shall receive an hundred fold and shall inherit everlasting life.' To believe in Christ one must believe in the resurrection of the dead. Martha, the sister of Lazarus says, 'I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day.' Many still believe with Martha, and our cemetaries fully testify to our traditionary beliefs. This resurrection of the physical body, however, belongs to the Pharisees, while Jesus taught a resurrection from dead works. He says, 'I am the resurrection,' and the Christian's resurrection is to rise out of the grave or state of selfishness and lust, out from the generative conditions of his own soul and live the new life with Christ. East Canterbury, N. H.