THE FOOD WE EAT. NO. 4. By Elder H. C. Blinn. The Zulus use for food many of the wild, as well as, some domesticated animals, and should an elephant be captured very little of this wonderful beast would be thrown aside. After cutting a passage through the side of the huge creature, several men crawl inside and pass out everything as they can cut it away. The hot sun helps them in their work as they seem to prefer the meat after reaching the tirst stages of putrefaction. The intestines are emptied of their contents and then filled with blood and subsequently made into a pudding. That is quite like more civilized nations who on slaughtering the swine, clean the intestines and then fill them with scraps of meat and eat them as sausages. 'The trunk of the elephant is cut into slices and baked, and the feet are taken off and roasted.' 'The stomach of the rhinoceros is considered a delicacy. It is cleaned and then filled with scraps of meat, fat, blood and other ingredients and then cooked. Scotch travelers say it is like a dish of their native land. Corn and millet are also included in the articles of food. Locusts are steamed in a kettle and then put in the sun to dry. They are then shaken till the wings and legs drop off when they are stored away in baskets, the same as they would corn. These locusts are eaten whole, and as a luxury they add a little salt.' 'Several of the tribes in South America are omnivorous eaters. They make no discrimination of the animals which they eat, and the carniverous are devoured as readily as are tlie others. Many of these tribes have no use for salt or spices in the preparation of their food.' The Fijians and New Zealanders were cannibals, and yet obtained much of their food from the ocean. They were not especially nice, as the Fiji chief invited us to dine with him and each person was served to a whole baked iguana or lizard. Shrimps are placed between pieces of bread and eaten as sandwiches. One account speaking of the Brazilians, says, they eat snakes, monkeys and iguanas. To dine on snakes and monkeys, might seem to be an her tic effort, even though they were served by a first-class cook, but an iguana pie or iguana steak, so much relished by the Brazilians would evidently be a little too much for a civilized stomach. The iguana belongs to the family of lizards and sometimes grows to a large size, measuring some four feet in length. This repulsive reptile, is quite at home either on the land or in the water. Rev. J. G. Wood writes;'From the aspect of this long-tailed, dewlapped, sealy, spiny lizard, most persons would rather recoil and the idea of eating the flesh of so repulsive a creature, would not be likely to occur to them.' They eat small fish, alive, without the trouble of removing any of the parts. They also eat rats and sharks, as they think their idol god dwells in them.' 'Dr. Kane in his arctic expedition says fiat Esquimaux take the stomach of the reindeer, just as it comes from the animal and cutting it into slices, place it upon the table.' An African king was invited to dine with some white people, and was presented a dish of beautiful strawberries with cream and sugar. This was a new dish for the King and he expressed his pleasure by saying, 'This, is very nice,' but as he thought of his rare dish at home, he remarked, 'But did the white man ever eat any baked ants?' 96 THE MANIFESTO. In the above we find two dishes of delicious flavor, and it is a matter for custom and the nerves of taste to decide which s all be acci pu'd. We copy some notes from the valuable work on ''Health,' by Dr. R. D. Mussey. This eminent physician was a professor of anatomy and surgery at Dartmouth College, N. H. and a professor of surgery in the Medical College of Ohio. 'Man is omnivorous by practice. Probably not a single species of animal was ever found that has not been tried for the food of man. Beasts clean and unclean, serpents, lizards, toads, grubs and spiders have all contributed to make out the variety, regarded as a necessity of the human appetite. Humbolt in South America saw the centipedes or 'thousand legs' as we should call them, some of them a foot and a half long, dragged from their holes and eaten alive by the children. The white ants of Africa are put alive into a dry kettle or frying pan, and when duly roasted over a slow fire, are eaten by handf uls as we eat parched corn. Spiders are eaten by the inhabitants of New Caledonia, and Lalande' a famous French astronomer ate the spider as a delicious morsel. Rattlesnake soup has furnished a rich and savory repast for the hunters of North America. The eating of much fatty food tends to corpulency, and this condition may be regarded as a form of disease. It was a divine injunction to the Israelites, that, 'It shall be a perpetual statute for your generations throughout all your dwellings that you eat neither fat nor blood.' Large eaters have become large men, and Krocher of Berlin weighed 450 lbs. Ultimately he became too fat to walk or stand alone. In our own country the annual feasts of Thanksgiving and Christmas, it may be presumed, seldom or never pass without extra work for the physician if not for the undertaker. Dr. Foote says,'Mexicans eat a large yellow worm found on the Maguey plant, and they call the dish Maguey butter. The Africans eat elephants, hippopotamus, giraffe, zebra, antelope, wild ants, leopard, lion, alligator, crocodile, eggs of reptiles, lizards, wild cats, panthers, wolf, opposum musk rat, porcupine, spiders, rats, locusts, biids' nests, and nearly every insect.' In Alaska the people are as saving of the whole reindeer as the A trie ins are of the elephant. The flesh is dried or smoked and can be kept indefinitely in Mich a climate The blood is drunk warm aud every part of the body utilized in some way. The surplus blood is preserved by freezing and then used for puddings. The stomach and contents are frozen foi special delicacies.Scientific American. (To be continued.)