NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. April. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. Snow. 1898. 42. 3.5 in 8 in. 1899. 47. % ' 2 . ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 80 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 20 Number of rainy days ' ' 3 ' ' 'snowy ' ' ' 1 ' clear ' ' ' 16 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 10 May, 1899. At present we breathe in the aroma of vernal bloom which forms the interlude to summer and autumnal fruits. Since the opening of April, we have had but seveneights of an inch of rain. Although the clouds are dry, giving but a sprinkling of rain, yet the vegetable creation is donning iis imperial costume. Although the winter and early spring were very trying to the human constitution, yet they proved a mantle of protection to the vegetable constitution. Strawberry vines are strong and vigorous. If the season is propitious we shall have an unusually heavy crop. Much depends on that little word 'If.' Cherry and pear trees are in full bloom. Farmers and gardeners are plying their vocation with might and main. If the weather is auspicious they should reap an ample harvest. It is excellent weather for killing weeds; clear, warm days cause them to shrivel and die. We had our first clipping of asparagus this year, May 2nd, a fortnight earlier than last year. We have cool nights and warm days. As warmer weather displaces the cold, the health of the people keeps pace. There is not anybody in the family at present registered on the sick list. Our Ministry anived at our station Thursday, May 4th, where they conclude to stop for a few days. A large company of men and teams are working on the New York State Road. The piers for supporting the iron bridge are well on the way. The Berkshire section is not commenced yet, Calvin ff. Heed. North Family. May, 1899. Spring has now fairly arrived. Winter tarried long, and departed as one loath to go, with tardy step, but there was no tardiness in Spring's movements. At the end of April she was far away, apparently. Then, one morning, the bare trees of the day before, were showing the least tint of green. A few days later cherry trees all about, fairly sprang into bloom, and now along with apple blossoms, make a right TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 91 brave show of beauty around our hill-side home. We are very busy, getting gardens ready for planting, and putting in a few early crops; repairing old fences, and building new ones; planting numerous fruit trees and bushes, the gift of a generous friend; destroying tent-caterpillar nests in the orchards. All these things claim our attention and help us to maintain our balance as inhabitants of a physical world. In addition to the ordinary spring work this year, we have had to make various re-arrangements of our water pipes, owing to the operations of the contractor who is building the New State Road that runs through our lands. It has been 'quite a job' for Brother Daniel to attend to this work, but the greater part of the work is now accomplished. We are trying bee-keeping once more, and have made a beginning with five hives. Further progress in this direction will be duly chronicled. Frederic McKechnie. South. Family. May, 1899. Birds, bees and blossoms, Blossoms, birds and bees, Form a merry trio Our old earth to please. Merry-making May month, Glad it now has come; Sad to part with April For the good it's done. Thirty days we've known it, Known it by its rain, But it glided onward With its loss and gain. We again record the departure of a veteran of our glorious cause; one more valued member of the household of faith has joined the ransomed army,Sister Lai ra Dole, another of God's noble women, has entered the immortal home, and heard the welcome 'Enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.' Sister Laura was one of the Sodus pioneers; she united with that Society in 1826. There are at present three surviving representatives of that Community, Br. Horace Holoway, Eldress Polly Lee, and Sr. Elizabeth Dell. And though feeble in body Their spirits are strong, They hope soon to join With the justified throng. They are anxiously waiting The time to draw near When angels will waft them To the bright spirit sphere; Where sickness and sorrow And all earthly pain Can never, oh never Afflict them again. The precepts of Jesus They love to obey; They testify plainly It is a sure way To keep us from evil, And help us increase In heavenly beauty, In union and peace. Br. John Strover is at present basking in the sunshine of Enfield, Conn. He left home Tuesday, the 2nd inst., for a visit among his old friends, the Canaanites. Sister Florence Staples, a member of that fraternity, is visiting her Mt. Lebanon friends. Joy and great gladness go with them. General good health attends our family, and all are active in securing the eternal riches. Gen.eviere DeGruw. Sabbathday Lake, Me. May, 1899. On this beautiful Sabbath morning everything is smiling, for Nature is fully awake having taken a long sleep and now she is busy renewing her robes of verdure and in like manner the inmates of our home are making ready for the coming seasons; preparing gardens, etc. Brother Washington Jones is at work among us in the fruit business, setting out trees and raspberry bushes, also assisting the Sisters in setting out a new strawberry bed of over 1500 plants. We find in him a faithful, interested worker, and although his tarry with us be long or 92 THE JvANIFES TO. short he has reared monuments of good- j will in the trees and vines which he has planted for our future benefit. The flowers, too, form an important industry. The Sisters have a large piece already planted to sweet peas, which, with favorable weather, we hope will yield an abundance of bloom. Later the seedlings asters, pansies, verbenas etc. which wrere planted in March in the greenhouse will be placed in the ground. The tomato business is pushing, and orders for the plants come in thick and fast. Luckily Brother Delmer Wilson has enough to supply the demand, that is, if the orders do not exceed over eleven hundred dozen. Brothers Chellis Wing and John Dorrington are busy planting early vegetables for market and home use. Brother Pliny Worcester is filling Brother Thomas Noyes' place in providing wood etc. for the cooks, and last but not least our good faithful Elder William Dumont has been assisting the Bicker Bros, in running the lines between the farms. The summer term of school is in progress with twelve pupils. Ada S. Gummings. Narcoossee, Fla. May, 1899. A better condition of things seems to be coming to the state of Florida. The present Legislature (styled the Iron Clad) have gone to Tallahassee fully clad in their armor, and determined to break down or make a change in the financial part of the Kailroad monopolies. The fare has been 5 cts. per mile and many think it should be only three. Express charges have been reduced. Now we think there is some hope for Florida. With all the floods and blizzards there seem to be ten righteous souls found to save the state. On the 17th of April, the writer of these Notes, visited our gospel friends at White Oak, Ga. I remained eight days, and found the little Community, like ourselves, struggling to establish a Communistic home on the basic principles, 'Purity of Life, Equality of the Sexes, and a United Interest.'' Our cause needs assistance. Needs members who are willing to be harvested from the generative order, and become as Brethren and Sisters. But with all our needs we do not propose to take any backward steps by coming down from the cross of Christ. On the 2nd inst. Br. Benjamin Gates and Br. Egbert Gillette, visited Jacksonville, to attend the Horticultural Convention, hoping to get a few notes of interest on the subjects of Horticulture and Agriculture in Florida. On May 3rd the mercury stood at 94 deg. Fahr. Amtreiv Barrett.