KINDNESS. By Henry C. Farmer. THE Christian religion enjoins, not only the loftier and move rigid excel lences of the human character, bat also those which are delicately amicable and tender; not only the masculine virtues, but also the feminine graces. It not only prepares its possessor to be a patriot in the great theatre of his country; a spectacle of heroic martyrdom to God, to angels, and to mankind, but a sympathizing friend in the social and domestic circle. Love can either expand benevolence to the claims of the whole human family, or concentrate its emotions on one individual object of pity or affection. Love is kind. Kindness means, a disposition to please; an anxiety manifested to promots the comfort of our species. Pity commiserates their sorrows ; mercy relieves their wants and mitigates their woes, but kindness is a general attention to their comfort. Kindness expresses itself in words that are calculated to please and to be useful. As not only our words, but the tones of our voice are indicative of our thoughts and feelings, it is important that we be careful both as to what we say, and how we say it. Half the quarrels which disturb the peace of society arise from unkind words, and not a few from unkind tones. We should sedulously avoid a sour, morose, chiding mode of speech, and adopt a soothing, conciliatory and affectionate style of address. A surly tone is calculated to wound, and offend, and love, which carries the law of kindness on its lips, will, consequently, avoid it. A snappish, petulant, scolding address is in the highest degree repulsive and dissonant in the intercourse of society. We may not have, it is true, the music of sound in our voice, but it is our own fault if we have not the music of love. We need not employ grimace, fawning, sycophancy, hollow and unmeaning compliments, but we may be courteous and affectionate, and we ought to 'let our speech be seasoned with salt, that it may minister grace to the hearers.' What a fascinating character is that of the man or woman of distinguished kindness; they are invested with indescribable loveliness ; they may not. have the glory in which the patriot, the hero, or the martyr are enshrined, but they are adorned, in no common degree, with the beauty of holiness. They carry about with them the majesty of goodness, if not the dominion of greatness. The light of their countenance is the warm sunshine to which the spirits of grief repair from their dark retreats to bask in its glow, and their gentle words are like soft melody to chase away the evil thoughts from the heart of melancholy, and to hush in peace the troubled reflections of the distempered mind. As they move alone, distributing the pleasant and efficient expressions of their regard, it is amidst the blessing of those who are ready to perish, and 88 THE MANIFESTO. the notes of the unfortunate which they have turned to joy. When tley come unexpectedly into the company of their friends, every countenance puts on the appearance of complacency, and it seems as if some good genius had come among them to bless the party. As they look around the circle with a smile of beneficence that has found an abiding place on their brows, they present the brightest resemblance to be found, in our selfish world, of the entrance of the Savior among his disciples, when he said'Pence be unto you' and breathed upon them the Holy Spirit. Although they neither seek nor wish an equivalent for their many acts of benevolence, their gentle spirit receives, in a full tid'1, the stn am of consolation which has ebbed from their own breasts to fill the empty channels of their neighbor's happiness. Who can be unkind to those who are kind to all ? What heart is so hard ; what mind so cruel; what spirit so diabolical, as to wound those who never appear among their race but as ministering angels? There is a magic in their tears to melt to sympathy the stubborn soul of cruelty itself, which has a tear for no one else; and no less a magic is found in their smiles, that will relax and soften the hard features of envy, and reflect for a moment the sunshine of their joy. While they live, every man and woman is their admirer. Wlvn they die every man and woman is their mourner. While they are on earth, the.r names have a home in every heart, and when they have passed away thi y have a monument in every memorythe record of their praiseand the ininscription is 'Kindness brings peace and happiness toothers than yourself.'' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.