KNOW THYSELF. By Elder Abraham Perkins. OUR days, weeks and months are rapidly passing away, but they leave an impress, a concern for properties not attained. Unto mortals, what are the benefits of life? Just what we make them in conformity to rectitude and truth. In the work of the Eternal, there was a design in bringing into existence man, and also all other creations. Evidently it was for greater glory, for celestial honor, for completion of perfection of the heavens. The earth with its creations were for man's use, and, held in possession, provisional means calculated to qualify him for the enjoyment and happiness of the heavens. So long as man is a tenant of earth, the things thereof are for his instruction and use ; his rights thereto, depending upon the acts and character of his life, the manner of use he makes of the provisions designed for his wants and his happiness. Our powers should be given to work out the problem of life in a manner to bring peace and justification to ourselves, and so universal our interest, that our labors be also devoted to the interests and blessing of others. Our existence is not alone for self-pleasure; our duties are not merely for personal beneGts; but as a link in the great chain of the universe, there is a responsibility to be manifested in life and a dependence upon the exercise of our powers for the maturing of the plan in the design of the All-Wise to accomplish a purposed end. With Deity man was to be a co-worker, obedient to the light and vision of duty revealed. Inability in man to conceive of all the devices of the Almighty, incapacity to fathom his creation and beginning, is without foundation of plea in favor of delin- 84 THE MANIFESTO. quency in duty or argument in support of our wills or any selfish passion. It is enough, (absolute requirement if we would become heirs of the kingdom) to make our meat and drink in doing the will of our Father in heaven, as from day to day we learn the true and protective lessons of life. Into our hands a sacred trust is committed; may we never be found to fail in loyal service. To study our personal creation that we may know ourselves, opens avenues to find that which we seek, to give entrance where we knock, and a baptism of the spirit through repentance, confession and consecration. The hand of the Lord is not shortened, that He is not as able to-day as in the past to lead and deliver Israel. All power is his to control and consummate his purposes and settle the destiny of man, when cometh the end of all iule, authority and power put down by the Messiah, and the kingdom delivered up to God. I Cor. xv., 24. East Canterbury, N. H.