LET YOUR LIGHT SHINE. By Elder Henry C. Blinn. t4~y~ ET your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works I J and glorify your Father which is in heaven.' Jesus. This testimony of Jesus is without doubt the light of the world. Above all, he wants the disciples to make a good use of it. It is wrong, after having accepted it of G-od, to hide it away. Those who live in the light are made very conspicuous, and all that they may do is easily seen. Jesus knew that his doctrine was of God and that it would save his people from their sins. He was anxious for his disciples to be stimulated, to let the light which they had received, so shine in their lives, in practical righteousness, that others not of his church, might be made better, by seeing these good works. This new life required a special spiritual light which would harmonize with the life of Christ, and be a blessing to all who saw it. A little light is much better than none, and even this small amount may have cost the owner a great deal of burden. If you have but little light, and with this have been able to deny yourself of a little ungodliness, have been able to govern the tongue two or three times during the week, or so modified the temper that the voice has not risen above the normal key, then you can let so much light shine, and God will see all such good, commendable works, and our friends and neighbors will also see the same. There may be those who actually hate the light, and instead, may prefer to abide in darkness. Of that class we can only repeat the words of Jesus ; 82 THE MANIFESTO. 'Verily, I say unto you, they have their reward.' This reward, or the result of wrong-doing, must be very unsatisfactory even to those who have received but a very few rays of light. It is quite evident that the disciples were to occupy a new position in the religious world. Their place in the Jewish church was in common with the wThole nation and no special reference had ever been made to them. Now all had changed. They had become the recipients of a new spiritual light, but had not, as yet, learned how to use it. Possibly they ma}' have been diffident, or may have been ashamed to be known as the followers of the Nazarene. It must have been a deep struggle in the minds of those illiterate, simple fishermen, to leave their life occupation and become the disciples of a refined, religious Teacher, who would lead them into the City of Jerusalem, and into the company of the Pharisees and Sadducees, and even into the company of the chief priests. We need not wonder that they drew back from such an ordeal, or dreaded the publicity to which their new life had introduced them. Without doubt they did draw back from this public investigation, and hesitated to speak of the 'good news' of the gospel. At this moment, Jesus meets them and says,Let your light shine that others by seeing your good works may be able to glorify God. He knew to whom he was speaking and that the disciples were able to testify to the truth of God with confidence. Those among whom they dwelt could hear their language and knew quite well that it was chaste, and its influence upon other minds was for the promotion of good. Their general character wras also well understood, and these were the good works so open before all people. This would inspire others so readily to glorify God, that it seemed but a simple lesson to learn. Let your light shine, can not be repeated too often, and especially among those who have accepted the mission work of the Christ. East Canterbury, N. H. .