CULTURE. By Frederic McKechnie. rTlHERE is such a thing as the lust of the mind. When intellectual JL activity is engaged in, for the sole purpose of enjoying the sensation it provides, without any regard to its effect upon the general welfare, and with no desire that it should do anything save provide this pleasurable sensation, we have what may fairly *be termed the lust of the mind ; and have, moreover, that which distinguishes beyond anything else, the educated classes of today. The activity of the press in providing the desired pabulum for these classes, is enormous. Every year sees thousands of books published, which have no other object than the gratification of this appetite, the desire for a fresh sort of emotion, a new species of intellectual delight, and their readers busy themselves all the time in cultivating a keener and keener susceptibility to the emotions arising from the contemplation of new phases of human relationship, or in develop- THE MANIFESTO. 89 ing the faculty of enjoying the cunning arrangement in words of the old phases. Such is what they caU ''culture,' and in the minds of the vast majority, there is no notion that culture need include anything more. But it is a mistake. We know what culture for a flowering plant, means. It means the perfect development of the perfect blossom. For an edible plant it means the perfect development of a perfect fruit. For both it is simply the bringing into perfect outward form, the best of which they are each capable. What then does the term culture mean, when applied to man? In his case, it can only mean what it means in the case of the plant, a full and perfect development of the best that is in him. And what is that best? Is it intellect, with its power of seizing and distinguishing the forms of the world of thought? Assuredly not. Those who have narrowly observed the workings of this principle, can not have failed to notice how arrogant, combative ana self-assertive it is. Its tendency, in all cases where it has sway, is to divide men, never to unite them. Nay, that in man, which is highest, is not intellect, but something that includes intellect and is superior to intellect, the Christ. The only culture that can rightfully be called culture, is Christ-culture. Intellectual culture may supplement this, but can never be a substitute for it, the perfect fruit of the human race is not a gigantic intellect, but a Christian, yea, a Christ. All the various phases of what the world calls culture, are significant, only as they indicate movement toward this standard. All the various products of modern civilization,railways, bridges, churches, ocean steamships, are of value only as they provide outlet for energies which will one day be turned toward the ideal. They have no value i-.i themselves. 'The cloud-capped towers, the gorgeous palaces, the solemn temples, the great globe itself, * * * * shall dissolve, and, * * * * leave not a wrack behind.' 'The grass withereth, the flower fadeth, but the word of our God shall stand forever,' and whoso hath that word in his heart, he shall not perish though all around him pass away. And so, when the world brings before us, as it frequently does, in these days, its many shining examples in the domains of literature and art, while we can not in justice withhold the praise, that in many cases is so well deserved, as disciples in the school of the Christ, to our word of admiration yet this other word we must add, 'one thing thou lackest.' Yea, one thing thou lackest, and that, the one thing best worth having, to gain which the world is well lost. 'Everything has its price, and if that price is not paid, not that thing, but something else is obtained.' Are we willing to pay the price? Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.