CHRISTIAN COMMUNISM. By Blanche L. Gardner. apparently had its origin in the days of Abraham, for in that early period men dwelt in tents and held their property in common. In Ancient History is recorded many instances where communities have been organized on some form of communistic principles. Among this number we find Chrislma, the Hindoo Christ. He was very successful as a communist and had many devoted followers. They held all their property in common and drew their expenses from one general fund, thus, all shared alike having equal rights. He taught many wise maxims which are worthy of remembrance,'There should be no disagreement between your lives and your doctrine.' 'Above all things cultivate love for your neighbor.' 'A good, wise, and benevolent man can not be rich.' And many more that proved he guided his people in wisdom, teaching them to love and have a care for the welfare of their fellow-men. Moses sought to introduce the spirit of communism among the Israelites when he instituted the year of the JubiLee. 'Ye shall hallow the fiftieth year and proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof it shall be a Jubilee unto you; and ye shall return every man unto his possessionthe land shall not be sold forever.' This prevented poverty among the people, for at least once in fifty years the property was divided and returned to the original owners. The Essenes were another sect of Communists. It is supposed that they existed for thousands of ages. They are first mentioned one hundred and sixty years before Christ. Although they were the descendants of the Jews, they separatCOMMUNISM THE MANIFESTO. 85 ed themselves from their nation and formed themselves into a community. Their fundamental principle was purity of life, and they did not countenance the marriage relation, yet there were some among them that were unable to live 'as the angels in heaven' consequently they were allowed to marry, but they could not be considered of the highest rank, and were obliged to observe special laws. Each person that joined the community was required to consecrata all he possessel for the support of the society. All expenses were drawn from the one treasury. Accordingly they shared equally, having neither rich nor poor in the community. There seems to be a similarity between Essenism and Christianity. Many have supposed and believed that Jesus received his early education among the Essenes. After Jesus was baptized he began the formation of a community. He selected twelve for his disciples who were willing to forsake all and follow him in the regeneration. One of this number was chosen to take charge of the 'money-bag' and keep account of the buying and selling of this little community. Jesus Christ was the origin of Christian Communism. When the rich young Ruler came to Jesus desiring to know what he should do to inherit eternal life, stating that he had observed the commandments from his you^h, Jesus replied, 'One thing thou lackest, go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in Heaven; and come follow me.' Was not this communism? All who became members of the Apostolic Church 'sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to all men as every man had need' for they 'had all tilings in common.' There were seven deacons appointed to look after the temporal affairs of the church. Many attempts of recent date have been made to establish societies upon a communistic principle with some form of religious belief as the bond of their union. Some have tried to maintain community of interests while retaining the marriage relation, but to date it has proved a total failure. The Shaker Church owes its success to the maintenance of these two principles,Virgin Celibacy and Community of Interests, according to the example of Jesus Christ. Communism, without the religious life combined, haw always proved a failure. Natural inclinations lead us to seek for ourselves pleasures, wealth and worldly honors but those who enter the Christ life rise above these selfish ambitions and seek to love and serve others, consecrating all they possess to the welfare and good of others, as did the Christ who went about doing good. East Canterbury, N. H.