EASTER MESSAGES. By Fidella Estabrook. The blest Easter is dawning in glory, Its quickening life the vale tills, It touches the hiil-tops with beauty And wakrns the long sleeping rills. It brings 'uo the earth living power, It wafts to our hearts richest love, To each one it bears a sweet message, To all, renewed life from above. 'Christ is risen,'1 this is the glad message, 'Christ is risen,' for you and for me. Oh wonderful gift to us given, Oh bountiful love, so free. 'No inure in the grave, then seek him, For behold, he dwells not there; He is risen, and reigning in glory, He is risen,go seek hi in with care. Ye bells that are joyously ringing. Tell it now to hearts lone and sad; Bid them leave the ways of sorrow, And arise, by Christ's blessing made glad. For lie all the journey has traveled, ! lie knows every trial you bear, ! His comfort shall daily sustain you, j Fur he every burden will share. Are you lost in sin's darkened pathway, Groping long 'mid the shadows below? Look above, there's a light held for you, Angels bend a word to bestow. Then listen, the voice sweet and tender Calls,Arise, leave the doubts of the past, 94 THE MANIFESTO. 'Come to me,' to your true, waiting Savior, I will help, I will guide, to the last. Has your lamp grown dim, my brother? Does its light burn feebly and low? The light of the world beams around you, Touch it now, 'twill make your own glow. Are you fainting and weary, my sister? Take heart, your Savior is near, And to you, as of old, he whispers, I am with thee, my child, do not tear. Oh ring bells, ring the glad story, And swing lilies tall and fair, Tell the whole world 'Christ is risen' He is reigning in love 'over there.' 'Over there?' not alwaysnot ever, But here with us now, to-day, For he said, 1 will come again surely, I will come and abide alway. Then list, for the message is sounding, There's a word for each needy one, A comfort for each saddened spirit, For the faithful a joyous 'Well done.' What word have you from the Father? What gift so precious and true? 'Tis coming, this wondrous blessing, 'Tis coming to me and to you. There are treasures of strength and of courage, There are measures of love so free, There is grace for the tried and tempted, There is mercy as wide as the sea, There is peace, heavenly peace for the worker, Toiling each day for the King, There is joy unbounded, eternal, For those who to his cross cling. There is tenderest love for the erring, Who repentant cries, 'Save, Lord, Ipray,' There is comfort, and blessing, and glory, And love, endless love, alway. For from out of earth's dreary prison, Christ arose, the once crucified, That we too may rise in his spirit, In his likeness awake, satisfied. And in that house of bright glory, A mansion he has gone to prepare, A place which each faithful toiler In his blest presence shall share. Then let not your heart be troubled, Nor fear your spirit e'er know, For he is ever beside you, To guide wherever you go. West Pitt afield, Mass.