NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. May. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1898. 56. 3.875 in 1899. 58.48 1.75 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 88 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 3(3 ' Number of rainy days ' ' 5 ' ' clear ' ' ' 11 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 15 June, 1899. There is but little, if anything, unusual transpiring that would be of interest to the general reader, unless it is the extremely dry weather that prevails in this vicinity, which causes vegetation to droop. We have no tornadoes to record,1 such as devastate Australia, stripping forests of their leaves and branches and driving stones into the trunks of the trees. We are pursuing the 'even tenor of our ways,' cultivating the crops that are to be converted into aliment for support of the human and the animal. Some of us are growing better who were somewhat ill. For this we should be thankful. 'Thanks to God for every blessing, thanks to God for what we've gained.' The project that has engaged the powers of Xew York State in the building of a State Road along a route where nothing but woodchucks burrow and cattle feed seems to us quite misplaced energy. Not a single dwelling is located along the whole line of the road. With the expense of half the cost of the present road, a turnpike could have been built through our village, far superior to the present shunpike. The Second and South families will be entirely deprived of its use. Calvin G. Reed. Second Family. June 1899. The beautiful weather with which we have been lately favored has not been unimproved by us for we haveas is said of the politician or statesman who is looking after his re-electionbeen 'mending our fences;' not only our fences but also our gates, our agricultural implements and all that, until now we think they are in prime order. Last fall we put up a new round silo, under cover in our cow barn, 26x12 feet and filled it well with ensilage; on opening it three or four weeks ago we found the contents in excellent condition, perfect, and much relished by the cattle. This new silo with the square one of double the capacity which we already had, gives us a large and valuable reserve of food for our cows. Our live stock, horses, cows, calves, sheep, lambs, hogs and little pigs is in splendid condition. THE MANIFESTO. 107 Our fruit trees and small fruits are coming on finely; the large variety of vegetables will more than compensate us for all the trouble they have been and will be and make us the more thankful that we are vegetarians, really, if we are not strictly so. Our good Sisters are having most satisfactory results from the attention they have given their flower gardens; an hour or two in the mornings and evenings given to this pleasant work is beneficial to one's health and the returns made by the plants are very gratifying. Occasionallynot very often, I am sorry to adda Brother volun teers to assist the Sisters but then he must be very careful as his touch is not so delicate, nor his step so careful as that of the Sisters and his hoe will sometimes cut a pretty plant instead of a noxious weed; but even then, if he is so unfortunate, he is not frowned on. Henri/ C. Farmer. North Family. June, 1899. The locust trees are in bloom. The bees found it out first, and should you find the North family developing a spirit of prophesy in the future, will you not attribute it to a diet of honey and wild locust? And will not a reverse of its form be also a reverse of the fate of our vegetarian of the Judean long ago? It is to be hoped so. We are trying to keep ourselves in sympathy with the brightness if not with the greenness of our hills, but next to a flood a drouth has the most depressing effect upon the mind of a farmer, and a drouth is upon us now. So stealthy has been its approach some of us are just realizing its dreary, dusty presence. But good cheer! there is a moist prophecy in the whistle of the rising wind and for several days the thunder has been growling below the horizon. The 'Arena' comes to hand with a Japanese view of Kipling that is most delightfully daring in this day of Kipling worship. Ah, com'age is a fine thing! Indeed it is the only perfectly fine thing in existence excepting truth,and what is truth but courage? Sister Catherine is away among the haunts of her childhood, and we are expecting her to return to us rested and filled with new vigor to carry on with hand, heart and brain, the battles we all must wage for the right against the wrong. Sister Olive is still waiting in the 'land of Beulah' for the welcome from the 'City Beyond,' and we all feel that keeping friends with the Shining Ones on our journey is the only way to win, like dear Sister Olive, a peaceful pause in Beulah Land. The ministry are with us. Is it necessary to say that they are here to bless? G. Ada Brown. South Family. June, 1899. June, one of the rarest months of the year, dawned with brightness in its wake. Surprises new and joyous were ours the past week. Thursday morning the 8th inst. we were favored with a \isit from Elder William Briggs of East Canterbury. We hope when he comes to New York state again his tarry will extend beyond the limits of a few hundred minutes. We learn with much joy that our venerable Minister and honored Editor, Elder Henry C. Blinn, is once more only a short distance over the mountain, enjoying the invigorating atmosphere of the Berkshire hills making his summer home among his friends of the West Pittsfield Society. We shall surely see him now and trust the good Lord will spare him to earth for many days to come. Our prayers and best wishes are with him. Sister Louisa Rice, the faithful and patient Samaritan of our family, enjoyed a few day's vacation at the West Pittsfield Community. She reported rest for body and mind and says the 'Berkshire air is wonderfully invigorating and healthful.' 108 THE MANIFESTO. The cold rainy days of May hindered farm labor somewhat, but the sun now shines on a thriving and prosperous Community. Geiievieve DeGraw.