CYCLES AND MAGNETS. By Alonzo G. Hollister. rpWENTY-THREE years ago, Eldress Elizabeth Farr of Union Village, _L_ Ohio, gave to the reading public the following testimony. I retired to rest, feeling anxiety in mind as to the growth of Zion, and the prayer on my lips, O Lord, what will attract souls to Zion? What will make them accept the cross, and build up the waste places of Zion? What will bring laborers into the Lord's vineyard? Immediately a ponderous wheel rolled up before my vision, being in perpetual motion. Each cog of the wheel appeared to represent a cycle of time within a general cycle. Attached to the axle of the wheel, and connected in groups, by fine thread-like fibers, each group in its place, was the advancement of science, art and religion. Every element and principle was represented that bears close relation to the practical affairs of life, and is necessary to the harmonious growth of intelligence. The constant motion of the wheel, brought within the sphere of mind, some one of these which appeared to engross the general attention of mankind at a given time. Then came these words; 'It is as easy to excite the religious element, as any other, when the time rolls around ; and souls will as surely be attracted by the magnet of truth in religion, as in any other science.' Here was a spiritual vision which applies to our day, as really and authoritatively as any vision recorded in ancient Scripture. Intelligent minds can see proof of its verity in the character of the literature issued through a series of years, to meet the ever changing interest of the people. It speaks of the magnet of truth in religion. Then truth is a magnet. It attracts hungering souls to whoever possesses it. This is what attracted people to Jesus and his Apostles, also to Mother Ann Lee and her co-laborers. Truth is the bread of life to those who hunger and thirst after righteousness, and to all who seek rest and emancipation from the world, in the everlasting kingdom of Grod. Truth is the eternal substance of being. However far, or however long creatures may wander in the land of shadows, enchanted by illusions of the senses and dreams of pleasure, like the prodigal in the parable, who wasted his substance in riotous living and would fain appease his hunger with the THE MANIFESTO. 105 food of swine, they will sometime come to themselves,to a realization of the truth. They will experience a hunger that will not be quieted with earthly riches nor pleasure, nor by any application of natural science, or art, or worldly knowledge,but can be appeased by the truths of life eternal, given to man through specially prepared and inspired messengers of the eternal Spirit. Such as were Jesus and Mother Ann,and such as were those who were taught by them, and obeyed instructions, and have communicated it to successors, who continue to be instructed by the same Spirit. They who obey the truth taught by those Divine messengers, crucifying the lower self and the world within, laying down their lives in daily service for the living members of the bod}T of Christ, are storing up truth such as will feed hungry souls in the body and out of the body. They incorporate truth of the higher life vrith their own being. To the worldlings, they appear narrow in aim and accomplishment. They contract their pleasures on the lower, visible and natural plane, that they may be enlarged on the higher and spiritual, and become magnets of truth, to draw all truth-seekiug, God revering men and women to them, for the only bread which can save them from perishing. Even like Jesus, who said I am the way, the truth and the life. I am the bread of life. If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto me. He is the magnet. How is he lifted up?. By showing his example and teaching through the everlasting gospel, which is the gospel of the judgment, the gospel of the harvest and the end of the world. Because those who come into it, are thereby cut off from the life of the world, and it is brought to an end in them. And by this gospel of confessing and forsaking sin and of slaying self in mutual service, made known to us by the Holy Spirit of Truth which dwelt in Mother Ann, and her faithful successors, all souls will be finally judged, and will decide their own ultimate destiny hy accepting or rejecting it. We know this the same spirit that dwelt in Jesus because it brings forth the same fruits in all who obey it. By the fruits the tree is known, and not by any form of words or profession of belief. The doctrine is the same, plus the increase which comes of or by the redeemed other half of humanity. Jesus did not teach his disciples all truth, for the reason that it can not all be received at once, any more than a child can receive all the knowledge contained in books by the time he has learned the alphabet. Hence Jesus promised that the Spirit of Truth which the Father would send in his name, should abide with them to the age everlasting, and guide them into all trutheven to a knowledge that the second coming of Christ into human nature, would be in a woman, the Comforter. There is increase in knowledge and charity and growth of understanding, which comes to every individual by travel. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.