THE MISSION OF DISCIPLES OF CHRIST. By Emma B. King. IN Matt, x., we read that Jesus called unto him his twelve disciples, appointing to them their spiritual mission in the words, 'Go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Israel, and as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom THE MANIFESTO. 103 of heaven is at hand. Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils ; freely ye have received ; freely give.' The disciples were men whose lives had been spent in pursuing one particular trade, and we may well think they were quite unprepared to embrace the mission of preaching the gospel, but with the command, 'Go ye, and preach the gospel,' came power and authority from the Christ to meet all the requirements of the mission thus placed'upon them. They were to provide nothing for the journey, that they might learn dependence and trust in divine guidance, and as they walked in obedience to this guidance they possessed the Christ power against unclean spirits and to heal all manner of diseases. At this time the disciples were not firmly established in the faith, and it seemed a word of wisdom. 'Go not into the way of the Gentiles, and into any city of the Samaritans, enter ye not.' The Jews would have no dealings with either Gentile or Samaritan, such was the existing animosity between them, aud this retaliation could not be approved by our Savior, whose forgiving- ministration drew all men unto him. Jesus warned his disciples that they would receive persecution, but never left them without the assurance of a comforting promise. At one time he said to them, 'If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you, If they have kept my sayings, they will keep yours also.' 'The disciple is not abore his master, nor the servant above his Lord, but every one that is perfect shall be as his Master.' 'Ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake, but he that endureth to the end shall be saved.' His great concern, was lest the disciples lose the power of God by carnal reasoning and would speak less of gospel truth, fearing accusation before the courts and councils of men. 'Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves, be ye therefore, wise as serpents and harmless as doves.' But when they deliver you to finite judgment, take no thought how or what ye shall speak ; for that power which hath anointed thee with thy mission shall grant thee words of wisdom to speak 'For it is not ye that speak but the spirit of your Father which speaketh in you.' What could express more plainly the work of Christ in the soul! A oneness with God and godly principles which permeate thought, word and action that others recognize not the natural ambition or selfish aspiration wrought out through natural ability, but a disciple of Christ whose life efforts are directed by the Father who dwelleth in and speaketh through the soul. The disciples received much instruction from Jesus, but did not receive a spiritual baptism into the work until after his crucifixion. From the day of Pentecost they commenced to understand the mission of Christ. Then they became living preachers of the gospel testimony and brought many souls, both Jews and Gentiles, to righteousness. Unto us the Savior has appeared with the simple injunction, 'Follow me,' 'I have chosen you,' I have ordained ^ou to preach and live the Christ life. 104 THE MANIFESTO. He hath granted that we become partakers in the life of regeneration. He hath appointed to us our mission in life. As we learn so we must teach, find conversion of soul; and as the Pentecostal blessing meets each soul become baptized with the Holy Spirit which shall enable us in love to win souls to God. East Canterbury, N. H.