THE FOOD WE EAT. NO. 5. By Elder H. C. Blinn. West Australia. There are races now in Australia (1898) who live on snakes, lizards, worms and anything living which comes within the grasp of these ugly looking creatures. 'Chinamen eat the chrysalis of the silk worm, and feast on cats, dogs, wharf rats, sea slugs, sharks, bats and caterpillar soup.' 'The Indians of Florida eat horses, dogs, foxes, cats, skunks, crocodiles, hawks, crows and buzzards.' 'Indians on the Rocky Mountains eat a dog stew.' 'The Esquimaux eat putrid flesh of seals, putrid whale's flesh, reindeer chyle, brain oil and unhatched eggs.' Of course, the most of this is the food of the uncivilized races, but in many respects it comes quite near to those who have the honor of being civilized. By a close investigation we may now find that the highly civilized and Christianized nations of Europe and America are quite like our savage neighbors in the preparation of their food. Professor Mussey thinks the command to eat every living thing was given because man transgressed in regard to the first law, which was to eat of the fruit and of herbs. Believers in the inspiration of the Bible should make a note of this, and make straight their crooked ways. irthe food that we eat to sustain life has anything to do with the ruling of our mind or body, and a large class of intelligent people, to-day, entertain that thought it becomes highly important, especially for those of the Christian faith to examine the subject with great care, As we study the order of food, of some of the savage nations, so repellent to our mind we invariably remark,That, is pretty low in the scale of humanity. And then if we should reflect, how trifling the ascendency of the ace has been in the past 4000 years, we may well conclude that the millennium will still be in the far distant future. We copy from an article in 'The Temple of Health.' Men grow to be like what they feed on . We are told of a man in Colioe's who to show bravo caught and ate a mouse. His comrades were shocked. But why, why worse to catch and eat a mouse than to catch and eat a pig? In the eyes of an Israelite the latter would be far the more disgusting! No gastric strainer nor digestive net-work is sufficiently potent to transform putridity to purity. What a sight to see a family of Christians boasting of progress,singing of the 'tree of Life,' and talking about angel's food, sit at a table and devour diseased meat.' While we may think it is very singular and even vulgar that uncivilized races should eat nearly all that may be taken from the body of an elephant, the Christians can eat, with a peculiar relish, almost all that is taken from the inside of the scrofulous swine. Indeed, the swine although refused by Moses as unclean and wholly unfit for food, is more carefully saved than almost any other animal. 'No other kind of food is so largely used as is pork in its various forms of preparation. In the western states, pork and potatoes constitute the most substantial portion of the farmer's bill of fare. Pork is considered such a delicacy that not a particle should be wasted. The fat and lean portions are eaten fresh, or carefully preserved by salting or smoking or both. The tail is roasted, the snout, ears and feet are pickled and eaten as souse; the intestines and lungs are eaten or made into sausages; black pudding is made of the blood; the liver, spleen and kidneys are also prized; the pancreas and other glands are considered great delicacies, while even the skin is made into jelly.' And more modern ingenuity has even utilized the digestive ferment of the gastric juice, to mix with the wonderful chewing gum that has such a fabulous sale. A piece of taffy and some juice 112 THE MANIFESTO. from a pig's stomach, mnst be a nice article to have in the mouth!! What next? 'In fact nothing is left of the beast but the bristles, which the shoemaker claims. The terms scrofula and measles are so intimately connected with the raising of swine, that they become familiar to every school boy. Many who eat the swine hold in contempt the Frenchman who eats a horse, or the Chinaman who eats a dog. The trichina which develops in swine's flesh produce in man an incurable disease.' Oysters and clams are eaten as a rarity, and the American thinks it nice to eat the whole creature as it comes from the shell. In this the Americans and Patagonians and Fuegians have corresponding tastes. The one eats his oysters and clams without removing any of the refuse, and the others eat their crabs and turtles in the same way. The English and Americans eat shrimps just as they are taken from the sea, with a sprinkling of salt, the same as the Arabs eat their grasshoppers. Then the Americans eat the little crabs that are found among the oysters, without removing even the shell, chewing and swallowing them with as much relish as do the Patagonians. Herrings are smoked when taken from the sea and then eaten, while sardines are packed in oil and eaten without removing any of the inner parts. Turkeys are fastened to a board and forced to eat till they become diseased and their livers are swollen to an enormous size, when these are eaten by the epicures of the most civilized and Christianized of nations. Like the savages of Africa we make puddings of bullock's blood and extol them as choice articles of food, Tons of edible snails are brought to the United States every year and served as a delicacy to the highly civilized class. We also have 'clay eaters' right in our midst, who will eat a ball of clay from the size of a pea to one of three or four inches in diameter. The chewing, smoking and snuffing of tobacco is common among the men, women and children. Snakes and eels are eaten in some civilized countries, and served to travelers by inquiring whether they preferred the 'eel of the ditch or the eel of the hedge.' The fishermen of Tangiers call everything fish that comes to the net. Limpets, snails, muscles, horseshoe crabs, toad fish, sea anemones, as well as the fish better known to other nations, and these are all bought and eaten.Donahoe1 s Magazine. While there may be great need of advancement in regard to the selection of our food, for the general health and for the comfort of the individual, it should be also, through the growth of intelligent minds. There are not only individuals, but also nations who thrive on a diet excluding the flesh of all animals, and there are nations who rarely eat anything except the flesh of wild and domesticated creatures. The advice given by the apostle to his brethren, may prove profitable even in this case. 'Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind.' The health and happiness of the individual becomes of the first importance, even though as a matter of taste, other things may have a great influence. East Canterbury, N. H.