UNERRING PRINCIPLE. By Oliver C. Hampton. 'T3EHIND all visible and invisible phenomena,back of all the wheels of I } evolution,below all the energies of human destiny lies a profound, unerring principle. This principle is Organization or Systematic Arrangement. It permeates and dominates every force and movement of the universe. It constitutes the Infinite mathematics of all that is. Its modus operandi is such as alwa}Ts secures the greatest good to the greatest number. Another of its sequences is that as Paul announced, 'Without all contradiction, the less is blessed of the better.' Parenthood is a peculiarly bright illustration of this, and the illustration is as rife in the spiritual as the physical spheres. The fact of father and mother, son and daughter, ought to convince us all that we are in no sense of the word, independent creatures. Our origin and existence are both practical proofs of this, if we look at the subject in its true light. Jesus said, 'Swear not by 3Tour head, for you can not make one of your hairs white or black.' Again, if God has made of one blood all the nations of the earth, then surely we have not made ourselves, and so must have depended upon some higher source in the great mathematics of the universe for our origin. Moreover let us look at ourselves as wre exist at the present moment. How can we predicate independence of ourselves, when we are so bound up in the bundle of universal life, that almost all we drink and wear, and almost all the mental and spiritual comfort we have in existence comes 102 THE MANIFESTO. from our fellow-beings, either visible or invisible. What would the existence of any one of us be worth, if that of all others was wiped out? When I think of these things and compare myself with the mighty Allness behind, beyond, below and above me, I almost wonder how such an infinitesimal speck of creation should receive any notice from God. That great principle of Organization is such, however, that I find myself blessed with a niche in the sublime systematic arrangement. On the whole, I am glad we are all in this category1 of dependence;it seems to me far better than a state of solitary isolation. I therefore can not agree with our friends the Christian Scientists, that we must be entirely independent, by virtue of what they call our individuality. Must not do anything because somebody says do it; must ignore all teaching outside of ourselves. And yet they quote Christ as saying that unless we receive the kingdom of Heaven as a little child, we shall in no wise enter therein. Does a little child set itself up as a being who by virtue of something he calls his individuality, is independent of every other man, woman, or child on the earth? I think not. He is not only wholly dependent upon his parents, but confides in them with entire trust. Furthermore, every time we speak of prayer, some say we should not beg or beseech, but rather demand of God, whatever we need. Now does a little child demand this or that of his parents in an arrogant manner? Does he not rather humbly beseech that he may have this or that? In fact the theory of each one for himself, seems to preclude all possible ideas of organization, and to depend altogether upon the isolated condition for beneficial results hoped for. The happiest, purest, and most harmonious organization that was ever on the earth, is a Shaker Community. Obedience to its principles promotes order, purity, and equality. I do not think that there ever was or will be, a person who can become a member of the Community from religious convictions who, after a solid experience therein, will deny, that it is the very best Institution in the land for the religious, mental and temporal comfort of its members and which carries out the principle and practice of peace and goodwill to man. If we only had the Thaumaturgic element of Christ's evangel, we would be ready to go on in the approaching century with a prosperity and a glory surpassing all that has preceded us since the world began. Union Village, Ohio.