WHY NOT THINK! By Joseph A. Wilson. IN these lattor days, when nervous energy is pushed to its fullest extent along commercial and governmental lines, when theology is straining its utmost to reconcile theory with fact, when accumulated wealth on the one hand laughs arrogantly at the humble petitions of the poor, there is still abroad in the land, in an increased measure, the same thoughtless, unthinking spirit that has ever been a curse to humanity. As a rule, people are well enough read; in musty book lore, they are well enough equipped; in current topics they are sufficiently versed ; of all the effects that exist, they know enough,but the sad feature of it all lies in their careless indifference to the causes that produce the effectsto their lack of serious, thoughtful investigation of the results that are extant. The world, in its general sense, is wise enough, but it does not think enough. Generally speaking you can interest a person in a result, but it is difficult to induce him to investigate the causeand it has ever been thus. The world, at large has ever declined to indulge in serious thought until driven to the last extremity. History discloses numerous instances, indeed, it is the same old story, oft recurring, France suffered the debauches, extravagances and outrages of the Aristocracy until hunger and want of the barest necessities of life induced a thoughtful investigation into existing circumstances, and then as a result, a revolt followed with a long step toward freedom as an end. And so it is, the world over, every day,even to-day. People suffer want and misery, because they fail to think. There is scarcely a day that the great newspapers do not chronicle the self-destruction of some despondent, unthinking person, who is out of joint with life and has no interest in things mundane. A rapid career,a drunken debauch,loss of friends, despondency, self-destruction are all links in the same chain,all means to the same end. It is the old story too often repeated. To those who can be induced to think earth offers a charm, and life has its victories. To those who can spare time to make thoughtful study, there is still in store for them a 'balm in Gilead,' even in these latter days of strife, unrest and increasing want. To those who can spare time to investigate, there is still a pure, healthy home life open to them, where peace and plenty exist, where honest, conscientious brotherhood and sisterhood abound, and all is in tune with nature. Such a life as this is a living, existing fact among the Believers whose clean theology is a source of comfort to its followers. If society can be brought to think seriously of the inwardness of this true life, then, surely, we shall be numbered as the grass. But, can society,the world,be induced to think? Must dire disaster, as ever, be the medium to the end? Must still an empty stomach and a depleted wardrobe induce thought? Must 100 THE MANIFESTO. still a crisis prompt action ? We hope not. In this life of ours, removed from public haunts, we can follow the true path,the ideal life,the divine end, and this life is open to the world,to all. To the interested we would say,'come,'to the indifferent,' Why not think!' White Water, Ohio.