SOLILOQUY. By Asenath C. Stickney. AH ! Here comes the May Manifesto, full of good thoughts and hopeful aspirations, I presume. It being the month of May, when all Nature is robed in a new dress, methinks one might liken these pages to a series of newly prepared gardens, wherein to enter and select rare plants for transference. So, on the first page in fancy I discover a large unwalled garden, where one can roam at liberty, it seems, since no scare-crows are present to caw their displeasureno bylaws confront us like the following: 'Don't pluck this blossom,' or 'This specimen is reserved for seed' or 'Keep off the grass,' &amp;c. Soon by continuing my walk, I am attracted to a beautiful perennial blossoming right in my path. Its ancestry dates back to nearly nineteen hundred years !yet it seems as fresh as a lovely arbutus sparkling with dew and this is the language of its pure petals, viz :'Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid in Christ Jesus.' A little farther on, one meets a veritable 'Immortelle' in character which bears upon its surface this: 'Love your enemies, and pray for those that despitefully use you.' A few steps more bring us to another of similar character'Verily, unless a man forsake all that he hath, he can not be my diociple.' Who will not say that such are plants of the Heavenly Father's planting! Although pleased with my selections, I am glad to know that I have not robbed the owner of this garden. On this page I find a little garden plot fragrant with the balm of consolation emphasizing this truth: 'The Lord reveals his grace to men Avith healing in his wings.' O, we must have this plant, this healing balm. 'The New Life' in the next garden is found growing unselfish, universal love. This plant may be easily traced to the dawn of the Christian Era, when our Savior reiterated this immortal truth: 'Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.' 'Self-denial,'what a wide field these two wTords embrace! Here grow the healthful sturdy plants, the real tonics in character. If these receive the right culture, they wrill finally cover the whole field with the rich blossoms of conscious integi'ity. 'Discovery,'this title sounds as if something new had been found. Per- THE MANIFESTO. 101 chance I see it is an exotic, it proclaims the Christ method of conquering evil, thus, 'Get thee behind me, Satan, thou savorest not the things that be of God, but those that be of men.' No specimen of the 'touch-me-not' thrives in this garden; cm contraire, the blossoms of humility carpet the whole extent and heart's ease, lilies of the valley gladden the eye of the casual passer-by as well as of the investigator. Last, but not least I come in view of 'Bring the Best.' Here I find the superlative in degree 'and value is wanted, viz. a total surrender of self, a generous giving of the brightest hopes, the finest talent, the choicest fruits; in a word the best we have to God. All the choice plants indigenous to luxuriant vales of humility nourish in this garden. Shall we term them lilies of the valley or Easter lilies ? Thanking the owners of these several gardens for their liberality, I wend my way homeward satisfied that I have a selection worth setting in my own small enclosure, and from which, by careful culture, I may realize lasting benefit. East Canterbury, N. H.