West Pittsfield, Mass. June, 1899. What a combination of melody our Notes this month would produce could we transfer the varied tones we hear around us, to paper or imitate them with the voice. Nature's orchestra holds free concerts daily and never a false note mars its sweetness. The trees hold the flutes, and pipe notes sometimes weird, sometimes joyful, the mountains send forth minor or major chords from their.deep-toned organ; THE MANIFESTO. 109 the birds with violin, guitar and banjo trill their merry lays; the bees with trumpets and insects with drums; the brooks with tinkling bells, and the breezes with tuneful harps, all perform their part in such perfect harmony, that we marvel at their skill. Their master, the sun, has kept them in such constant practice however, that we fear the longdrawn notes may merge into a chant, unless relieved by a little interlude of showers. At present the ground is very dry, and the farmers are predicting a light hay harvest, and small crops, unless the clouds open their treasure store for us. The potatoes even, though credited with keen sight, fail to see a ray of hope and bow their tops dejectedly. Our garden, however, as usual is nobly doing its part, the result of constant coaxing and care and applications of patience and powders. Asparagus was excellent and plentiful, but now that its reign is over, other articles are succeeding iu their order. The fruit trees blossomed in fulness of promises, but now have removed their holiday attire and in work-day dress are busy at their labors, converting sunlight, moisture and earth minerals into delicious fruits. They too petition for a little essence of the clouds to insure the perfect flavor. Failing to find it in the atmosphere they send the roots down deeper and deeper, thus finding a source of suppiyShall we apply the lesson thus taught? All the power necessary for soul growth can not be drawn from the outward helps given, but those who earnestly search, drawing closer and closer to the fountain itself, the living waters, shall there find unlimited measure. Our school is in session with a membership of sixteen pupils. They were visited on the 6th inst. by a party of five, committee and teachers from Hancock. Two of our buildings are renewing their youth, at least in appearance, by the application of a fresh coat of paint, and the very air surrounding them seems less cloudy since they commenced smiling in brightness. Cheerful countenances are so contagious. We are pleased to say that our beloved editor, Elder Henry, is wi'th us once more. Elder William Briggs accompanied him and is making a short stay with us. We will now touch the finale of our Xotes, which is love to all our Brothers and Sisters in other homes, and an earnest wish that daily blessing be theirs. Fidelia Estabrook.