NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. May. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1898. 56. 3.875 in 1899. 58.48 1.75 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 88 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 3(3 ' Number of rainy days ' ' 5 ' ' clear ' ' ' 11 ' ' cloudy ' ' ' 15 June, 1899. There is but little, if anything, unusual transpiring that would be of interest to the general reader, unless it is the extremely dry weather that prevails in this vicinity, which causes vegetation to droop. We have no tornadoes to record,1 such as devastate Australia, stripping forests of their leaves and branches and driving stones into the trunks of the trees. We are pursuing the 'even tenor of our ways,' cultivating the crops that are to be converted into aliment for support of the human and the animal. Some of us are growing better who were somewhat ill. For this we should be thankful. 'Thanks to God for every blessing, thanks to God for what we've gained.' The project that has engaged the powers of Xew York State in the building of a State Road along a route where nothing but woodchucks burrow and cattle feed seems to us quite misplaced energy. Not a single dwelling is located along the whole line of the road. With the expense of half the cost of the present road, a turnpike could have been built through our village, far superior to the present shunpike. The Second and South families will be entirely deprived of its use. Calvin G. Reed. Second Family. June 1899. The beautiful weather with which we have been lately favored has not been unimproved by us for we haveas is said of the politician or statesman who is looking after his re-electionbeen 'mending our fences;' not only our fences but also our gates, our agricultural implements and all that, until now we think they are in prime order. Last fall we put up a new round silo, under cover in our cow barn, 26x12 feet and filled it well with ensilage; on opening it three or four weeks ago we found the contents in excellent condition, perfect, and much relished by the cattle. This new silo with the square one of double the capacity which we already had, gives us a large and valuable reserve of food for our cows. Our live stock, horses, cows, calves, sheep, lambs, hogs and little pigs is in splendid condition. THE MANIFESTO. 107 Our fruit trees and small fruits are coming on finely; the large variety of vegetables will more than compensate us for all the trouble they have been and will be and make us the more thankful that we are vegetarians, really, if we are not strictly so. Our good Sisters are having most satisfactory results from the attention they have given their flower gardens; an hour or two in the mornings and evenings given to this pleasant work is beneficial to one's health and the returns made by the plants are very gratifying. Occasionallynot very often, I am sorry to adda Brother volun teers to assist the Sisters but then he must be very careful as his touch is not so delicate, nor his step so careful as that of the Sisters and his hoe will sometimes cut a pretty plant instead of a noxious weed; but even then, if he is so unfortunate, he is not frowned on. Henri/ C. Farmer. North Family. June, 1899. The locust trees are in bloom. The bees found it out first, and should you find the North family developing a spirit of prophesy in the future, will you not attribute it to a diet of honey and wild locust? And will not a reverse of its form be also a reverse of the fate of our vegetarian of the Judean long ago? It is to be hoped so. We are trying to keep ourselves in sympathy with the brightness if not with the greenness of our hills, but next to a flood a drouth has the most depressing effect upon the mind of a farmer, and a drouth is upon us now. So stealthy has been its approach some of us are just realizing its dreary, dusty presence. But good cheer! there is a moist prophecy in the whistle of the rising wind and for several days the thunder has been growling below the horizon. The 'Arena' comes to hand with a Japanese view of Kipling that is most delightfully daring in this day of Kipling worship. Ah, com'age is a fine thing! Indeed it is the only perfectly fine thing in existence excepting truth,and what is truth but courage? Sister Catherine is away among the haunts of her childhood, and we are expecting her to return to us rested and filled with new vigor to carry on with hand, heart and brain, the battles we all must wage for the right against the wrong. Sister Olive is still waiting in the 'land of Beulah' for the welcome from the 'City Beyond,' and we all feel that keeping friends with the Shining Ones on our journey is the only way to win, like dear Sister Olive, a peaceful pause in Beulah Land. The ministry are with us. Is it necessary to say that they are here to bless? G. Ada Brown. South Family. June, 1899. June, one of the rarest months of the year, dawned with brightness in its wake. Surprises new and joyous were ours the past week. Thursday morning the 8th inst. we were favored with a \isit from Elder William Briggs of East Canterbury. We hope when he comes to New York state again his tarry will extend beyond the limits of a few hundred minutes. We learn with much joy that our venerable Minister and honored Editor, Elder Henry C. Blinn, is once more only a short distance over the mountain, enjoying the invigorating atmosphere of the Berkshire hills making his summer home among his friends of the West Pittsfield Society. We shall surely see him now and trust the good Lord will spare him to earth for many days to come. Our prayers and best wishes are with him. Sister Louisa Rice, the faithful and patient Samaritan of our family, enjoyed a few day's vacation at the West Pittsfield Community. She reported rest for body and mind and says the 'Berkshire air is wonderfully invigorating and healthful.' 108 THE MANIFESTO. The cold rainy days of May hindered farm labor somewhat, but the sun now shines on a thriving and prosperous Community. Geiievieve DeGraw. Shakers, N. Y. June, 1899. Lovely June ! We greet thee with thy roses, as a benefactress who teaches us that life is more than a dreary conflict of the elements with their snow and sleet; that it is also sunshine and beautiful flowers, and it is no doubt best that thou canst not always stay for we then anticipate and appreciate your coming. We were very pleasantly surprised a short time ago by receiving a presentation copy of 'The Altheia,' by Sister Aurelia G. Mace, of Sabbathday Lake, Maine. It is a compilation of essays in the form of letters illustrating the principles and precepts of our Society in a very able manner. We extend our hearty thanks to every one who, having light is willing and anxious to let it shine that others may be able to perceive the truth and render thanksgiving to the divine Spirit from which comes, as from an overflowing fountain, the power that is lifting all who receive it into higher planes of thought and action. The International Peace Congress recently held has accomplished one object. It has given every thinking person something with which they can occupy their minds on the line of human progress, though its work has been only preliminary, casting up the highway, pointing out the obstacles to be removed therefrom that the future may attain to that condition of universal peace which we at the present time are anxious for, but as yet are unable to accomplish. It has proved to those pioneers of advanced thought who are reaching out with a strong arm, seeking to lift the nations out of their barbarism, that all earth's rulers who sit on thrones are not lost to the truth and humanitarian principles, nor intoxicated with the power that is given them, for a short time, to exercise. The illumination of the eastern horizon proves that there is dawning a glorious day, and we, as an organization, can render thanksgiving and praise for the increasing light. We were one of a party of ten from the North family that attended by invitation 'Children's Day' by the Verdoy Sunday School on June 11, at Verdoy, N. Y. The School was held in Lothridge hall, commencing at 2:30 p. m. The service in both song and recitation, adapted to the day and occasion, under the direction of the teachers of the school, was interesting. Rev. C. P. Dedmire of Niskayuna addressed the School on 'The Importance of Little Things in the Formation of Life's Character.' Although quite unexpected, Elder Alexander L. Work of the North family was called upon to address the School, which he did as a loving Father would address children; giving counsel to the older members to be careful and set a good example to those who were forming their characters, and to teach them lessons that the rising generation can call them blessed. Certainly the world is moving as was manifest by the character of the songs and speaking. Nothing said that was objectionable to spiritually minded persons whatever denomination they may be associated with. Hamilton DeGraw. West Pittsfield, Mass. June, 1899. What a combination of melody our Notes this month would produce could we transfer the varied tones we hear around us, to paper or imitate them with the voice. Nature's orchestra holds free concerts daily and never a false note mars its sweetness. The trees hold the flutes, and pipe notes sometimes weird, sometimes joyful, the mountains send forth minor or major chords from their.deep-toned organ; THE MANIFESTO. 109 the birds with violin, guitar and banjo trill their merry lays; the bees with trumpets and insects with drums; the brooks with tinkling bells, and the breezes with tuneful harps, all perform their part in such perfect harmony, that we marvel at their skill. Their master, the sun, has kept them in such constant practice however, that we fear the longdrawn notes may merge into a chant, unless relieved by a little interlude of showers. At present the ground is very dry, and the farmers are predicting a light hay harvest, and small crops, unless the clouds open their treasure store for us. The potatoes even, though credited with keen sight, fail to see a ray of hope and bow their tops dejectedly. Our garden, however, as usual is nobly doing its part, the result of constant coaxing and care and applications of patience and powders. Asparagus was excellent and plentiful, but now that its reign is over, other articles are succeeding iu their order. The fruit trees blossomed in fulness of promises, but now have removed their holiday attire and in work-day dress are busy at their labors, converting sunlight, moisture and earth minerals into delicious fruits. They too petition for a little essence of the clouds to insure the perfect flavor. Failing to find it in the atmosphere they send the roots down deeper and deeper, thus finding a source of suppiyShall we apply the lesson thus taught? All the power necessary for soul growth can not be drawn from the outward helps given, but those who earnestly search, drawing closer and closer to the fountain itself, the living waters, shall there find unlimited measure. Our school is in session with a membership of sixteen pupils. They were visited on the 6th inst. by a party of five, committee and teachers from Hancock. Two of our buildings are renewing their youth, at least in appearance, by the application of a fresh coat of paint, and the very air surrounding them seems less cloudy since they commenced smiling in brightness. Cheerful countenances are so contagious. We are pleased to say that our beloved editor, Elder Henry, is wi'th us once more. Elder William Briggs accompanied him and is making a short stay with us. We will now touch the finale of our Xotes, which is love to all our Brothers and Sisters in other homes, and an earnest wish that daily blessing be theirs. Fidelia Estabrook. Sabbathday Lake, Me. June, 1899. June is here and the days are long and fine. Xo rain of much account has fallen for two months and the land is suffering for the want of it. Xot even a shower condescends to stop in this section. The fruit will probably be spoiled. Hay a very light crop. As for vegetables and flowers we can only hope as to-day is dull and foggy that rain may come and save them. Sister Aurelia's books are now ready and selling fast at a dollar apiece. The guests from Poland Springs are much pleased with them. We are glad as Sister Aurelia has taken much pains to have the work a success and books, we know will live long after the visible form of the author is consigned to dust, so we believe her's will be a testimony to prove her love to her work and her people. We are glad to record success in the sale of our plants, as at this writing the greenhouse is cleared of all salable plants, only enough left for home use. Xot long since, Dr. Bailey, a veterinary surgeon called here to examine our herd of cows, and pronounced them free from tuberculosis. This examination was necessary as the Ricker Brothers 'wished to engage our cream for the summer. We hear that Elder George Clark and three Sisters from Enfield, Conn., are on their way to our home but are stopping at Old Orchard Beach. We shall be glad to extend to them a cordial welcome. Ada S. Cummings.