GOD'S PROMISES. By Elder Henry C. Blinn. THE promises of God as illustrated in the Scriptures are beautiful re minders of our home in the new and spiritual Jerusalem which the Revelator saw coming down from heaven to dwell among men. Those promises are for encouragement to those who will accept them in God's name. 'If thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the Lord thy God, to observe and to do all his commandments, All these blessings shall come on thee.' 'I will give you the rain of your land in his due season, that thou mayest gather in thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil.' '1 will send grass in thy fields for thy cattle.' 'The land which the Lord thy God giveth thee, thou shalt possess it and dwell therein.' 'When thou passest through the waters, I will be with thee, and through the rivers they shall not overflow thee; when thou walkest through the fire, thou shalt not be bprned, neither shall the flames kindle upon thee.' From an early age mankind have been known in the religious order, as the obedient or the disobedient. One class has been subject to law, while the other has assumed an independent course. One class has been called the sons of God, and the other the sons of Belial. They have walked the journey of life, and ascended or descended with the influences around them, whether they were of a religious or worldly character. It was very much like the growing together of the good and evil plants unto the day of harvest. From the world God calls a nation, and he calls them 'My people.' They 98 THE MANIFESTO. become an especial order under the protection of divine Providence. Laws are framed, rules are given, and everything pertaining to a life on the earth is brought under divine inspection. God leads them on their journeys, protects them from their enemies, opens a passage through the sea for their escape, feeds them with miraculous food and gives to them an inheritance in the fruitful land of Canaan. God gives them this promise, 'I will bless thee in basket and in store. I will take from thee all sickness and all the diseases of the Egyptians.' Those who have read the history of this people can see how successfully this was accomplished, and their prosperity was like the prosperit}7 of all who follow the law of truth and right. God's laws are imperative, and a careful regard for them insures prosperity. 'So transgression can pass unnoticed. The Psalmist has said, and that very wisely'Though hand joined in hand the wicked shall not go unpunished.' So long as the Jewish nation made the Mosaic Law their line of life, they were in every respect a prosperous nation. The law of human kindness was enforced, which made them largely a nation of brethren. Sickness was rare among them, and the physicians were at a discount. The same rule followed the king in his palace and the peasant in his cottage. It was God's law and he is no respector of persons. 'All these blessings shall come upon thee! for I have put my words in thy mouth and I have covered thee in the shadow of my hand.' The spirit of the New Testament is the voice of advanced experience. It is God's law and demands the same implicit obedience. Jesus informed his disciples of this important fact. 'The Scribes and Pharisees sit in Moses' seat. All, therefore, whatsoever they bid you observe, that observe and do.' The laws of our spiritual well-being are equally essential for our peace. 'There shall in no wise enter into it [the New Jerusalem] anything that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination or maketh a lie.' Jesus, to sum up the whole matter, says, 'If ye love me, ye will keep my commandments.' Then follows the divine promise of an hundred fold of blessings in this world, and in the world to come, eternal life. God has given to us, light, and truth, and hope. Shall we not as faithful servants work for God, and for that testimony which is to save the world from sin? God has given to us our home as an inheritance and our prosperity and happiness depend wholly upon the obedience which we render to the light and truth which is made manifest to our souls. East Canterbury, N. H.