Shakers, N. Y. June, 1899. Lovely June ! We greet thee with thy roses, as a benefactress who teaches us that life is more than a dreary conflict of the elements with their snow and sleet; that it is also sunshine and beautiful flowers, and it is no doubt best that thou canst not always stay for we then anticipate and appreciate your coming. We were very pleasantly surprised a short time ago by receiving a presentation copy of 'The Altheia,' by Sister Aurelia G. Mace, of Sabbathday Lake, Maine. It is a compilation of essays in the form of letters illustrating the principles and precepts of our Society in a very able manner. We extend our hearty thanks to every one who, having light is willing and anxious to let it shine that others may be able to perceive the truth and render thanksgiving to the divine Spirit from which comes, as from an overflowing fountain, the power that is lifting all who receive it into higher planes of thought and action. The International Peace Congress recently held has accomplished one object. It has given every thinking person something with which they can occupy their minds on the line of human progress, though its work has been only preliminary, casting up the highway, pointing out the obstacles to be removed therefrom that the future may attain to that condition of universal peace which we at the present time are anxious for, but as yet are unable to accomplish. It has proved to those pioneers of advanced thought who are reaching out with a strong arm, seeking to lift the nations out of their barbarism, that all earth's rulers who sit on thrones are not lost to the truth and humanitarian principles, nor intoxicated with the power that is given them, for a short time, to exercise. The illumination of the eastern horizon proves that there is dawning a glorious day, and we, as an organization, can render thanksgiving and praise for the increasing light. We were one of a party of ten from the North family that attended by invitation 'Children's Day' by the Verdoy Sunday School on June 11, at Verdoy, N. Y. The School was held in Lothridge hall, commencing at 2:30 p. m. The service in both song and recitation, adapted to the day and occasion, under the direction of the teachers of the school, was interesting. Rev. C. P. Dedmire of Niskayuna addressed the School on 'The Importance of Little Things in the Formation of Life's Character.' Although quite unexpected, Elder Alexander L. Work of the North family was called upon to address the School, which he did as a loving Father would address children; giving counsel to the older members to be careful and set a good example to those who were forming their characters, and to teach them lessons that the rising generation can call them blessed. Certainly the world is moving as was manifest by the character of the songs and speaking. Nothing said that was objectionable to spiritually minded persons whatever denomination they may be associated with. Hamilton DeGraw.