NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. June. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1898. 68.33 5.265 in 1899. 69.84 3.375 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 90 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 50 ' Number of rainy days ' ' 5 ' clear ' ' ' 9 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 16 July, 1899. June has been a month of moods. The first half was very dry. There were frequent indications of rain, but for more than three quarters of the month the rains parted, a portion going north, and the remaining portion going south, leaving us only the lightning, thunder and drought. On Saturday, the 24th inst. we had a variety storm which seemingly shook the heavens and the earth. Lightning and thunder, rain and hail poured upon us in torrents without respect for persons, and apparently for property. We had 1% inches of rain in a short time, interblended with hail. The hail did no good and not much harm. The lightning shot a bolt into a locust tree injuring it severely. This year we have taken 74 bu. of asparagus from the bed. 33^2 bu. of strawberries have been gathered from ten rows. Cherry picking at present engages the attention. Grass, a light crop, for want of a suitable amount of rain. What has grown is being harvested. The new State Road is receiving its coating of gravel. The health of our Community is generally good. A few of us are somewhat drooping. Our Ministry leave on July 5, for Watervliet. Calvin G. Reed. North Family. July, 1899. Haying, hoeing and cherry picking about cover our activities this month. With regard to the first, owing to the nature of our soil, we have not suffered much from drought and expect as soon as the present reverse of droughty weather lets us, to get in a very fair crop both in quantity and quality. It is during this month that a garden usually begins to look like a garden. We have suffered but little from the lack of rain, and assisted by our friends things keep growing along nicely. These friends are very willing to help, and one or the other draws the cultivator along: in fact they are horses. Sour cherries, as usual, have been very abundant and we have picked a good many bushels for sale, but of sweet ones we have had only enough for very limited TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 123 home use. Next year is their year of plenty. Brother Daniel Offord, ever busy where pipes are concerned, has been putting a new iron aqueduct into our saw-mill, the old one, in use many years being leaky. While pouring some lead into a hole in a stone in which he intended to fasten a bolt, the boiling liquid sputtered up into his face and splashed the glasses he was wearing. Some water had got into the hole unknown to him. To say that we are thankful that he was wearing those glasses is putting it rather feebly. As it is, he was somewhat burnt, but what the consequences would have been if he had not had his spectacles on is something we would rather not think about. Sufficient unto this particular day, most certainly, was the good thereof. Frederic McKechnie. South Family. July, 1899. Independence Day has come and gone, yet we are as independent and dependent as before. The ever-glorious Fourth proved a fair day. The elements conspired to perfect perfect weather. Fully appreciating the unseen efforts, a party from here, in company with our nearest neighbors, the Second family, celebrated the Fourth at Queechy Lake, in the town of Canaan. It is a beautiful, pacific lake, formed by nature and surrounded by pretty groves, with pretty cottages and a pavilion where ramblers can hide should a tempest and a storm arise. At 12 o'clock we were seated to a rich repast of the fruits of the orchard and garden. Reading, singing with speech-making and mirth generally ruled the dining hall of the rustic flag-draped shelter. Boat rowing and racing formed a merry feature of the day. Elder Ernest Pick with his kodak took snap shots as we sailed away. Sunday afternoon, the 9th inst., Eldress Anna, Sister Sarah and the writer enjoyed an interesting conference with Elder Henry C. Blinn and inmates of the Office at the West Pittsfield Society. We were soulfully glad to meet our dear editor and pleasingly surprised to find him able to entertain us from his boundless source of useful knowledge. We trust another summer will find him located among the Berkshire hills enjoying frequent drives to our sunny hill-side home. By invitation of Eldress Caroline we attended a musical reception given by the junior members of the family, and the sweet singing by the seven happy songsters added new joy to the afternoon's pleasure. We will long remember the singers. Returning to the Office we found our generous hostess, Sr. Martha Johnson, and her ready helpers had prepared a sumptuous feast of the good things of earth for our especial benefit, and we did it justice. Elder Ira Lawson is a splendid host, possessing a host of goodness, making life sunny for all who come within the radius of his liberal hospitality. The fair days find us on the mountaintop searching for the blueberries. It is gay employment, for the ledges are blue with the luscious fruit. Genevieve DeGraw. -Alfred., Me. July, 1899. It has been some time since Alfred has been represented in Home Notes, but we are still a little band of earnest workers in the Master's vineyard. July has brought the much-needed rain, but we hope to have more before long. It is the driest season known in this town by the oldest inhabitants. In consequence of the drought we shall have very little fruit. The Brethren are busy haying. There will not be more than two thirds as large a crop as last year. The family garden is looking well, notwithstanding the lack of rain, thanks to Brother Frank Butler who has tended it faithfully. The Sisters' workshop has been receiving a new coat of paint on the inside, and this improves its appearance very much. 124 THE MANIFESTO. A few weeks since we enjoyed a pleasant visit with Elder George Clark and the Sisters from Conn. We wish these visits were of more frequent occurrence. On the 4th inst. the young people of our village enjoyed a picnic in the woods, and although a heavy thunder storm in the afternoon sent all within doors after a thorough drenching, yet the sun came out once more and we spread tables out of doors and prepared supper which was a pleasant ending of the day. We extend love and well wishes to all our Brethren and Sisters, far and near. Our prayer is that peace and prosperity may bless every Zion home. Era M. Ubbey.