East Canterbury N. H. July, 1899. Our beloved friends who sojourned at our mountain home between the 21st and 27th ult. left us richer for the blessing they imparted. Eldress Ellen Green represented our sister society at Harvard, Mass., while Elder George W. Clark and Sisters Angeline Brown, Mariette Esty and Alice Braisted were from Enfield, Conn. Such happy seasons give us a glimpse of the 'hundred-fold' relation whice is destined to supplant the narrowness of kinship. Will angel visits ever be other than 'few and far between?' In this section, at least, the drought is at an end. After two months of dry ness the tears of the skies fell steadily for two days, as if touched by the parched wistfulness of the under world. The repentance was eagerly accepted by the forgiving earth, and the cooling drops sank gratefully to their work. Haying is in progress and an average yield reported for this season. Our ancient Church, which has survived one hundred and seven summers, is now receiving a much-needed coat of paint. Did it hear the Governor's call for 'Old Home Week,' and is it preparing the gala dress for the occasion? However this may be, such old settlers will not be away from home on the appointed date, and the thoughtful painters will also be there in person as well as in grateful memory. The day School closed for the summer holidays on the 12th inst. after a term of ten weeks. The closing exercises gave proof that good effects follow good causes. Our beloved Elder Benjamin H. Smith, while passing into one of the fruit gardens near home, was the subject of a severe apoplectic stroke at about 11.15 a. m. on the 15th inst. He had experienced a less severe attack while in the city of Concord one week previous. He was at once tenderly removed to the Infirmary, where until 3 a. m. on the 20th he lay unconscious. He rapidly neared the 'streets of gold' and met the dear ones there. By a devoted Christian life of sixty years, his passport was sure, yet the suddenness of the illness gave us no time for the tender farewells which love would prefer. Jessie Evans.