REVIEWAL. By Eldress Anna White. ~T~ IKE the fulness of the approaching harvest comes our little Harbinger I 1 of peace and good-will for July. Each article teems with fruit of the new lifea life hid with Christ in Goda life as beautiful as a rose in its unfoldment, when sought arightan eternal life, found in the acceptance of eternal principles, and found in each lovely Zion home where the standard of Virgin Purity rears aloft its snowy banner. 'Why Not Think,' stops us at once from all other pursuits and we go to thinking; as we think, we reason, and as we reason we act, as far as power to do so in us lies. But, the reasoning must spring from pure motives based upon the fundamental principles of truth, or we may be led away by carnal reasonings, not having our thoughts sufficiently purified. We are glad our dear Sister has favored us with her 'Soliloquy.' How many good thoughts are ofttimes kept concealed; by withholding them we miss the opportunity of sowing the seed of the kingdom come. Let us enter her garden, not merely to enjoy the sight and the fragrance of the flowers 116 THE MANIFESTO. there growing, but for the purpose of securing rare plants for transference and seeds for sowing, that we too may grow a garden, and in cultivating it, we ourselves may become the flowers of earth and the glory of heaven. 'Unerring Principle' should be placed alongside of B. Fay Mill's article 'Between the Animal and the Angel,' in the July 'Arena.' The one claims absolute independence of every other one, while the other claims naught but dependence and a following after lest by any means they attain unto the resurrection of life. The one gives what is called the new thought of the day, just what is needed to stir and awaken the masses, but this thought, old of itself, does not tell you how to destroy a single atom of the old life, that is left to be told by a simple Shaker. Elder Oliver has done it. I repeat what he has said after an experience of fifty years in a life which is continually growing brighter and newer as the years go by, that the 'happiest, purest and most harmonious organization that was ever on earth is a Shaker Community.' 'The Mission of Disciples of Christ' is aptly and clearly depicted after the same manner. The disciples were to provide for the journey that they might learn dependence and trust in Divine guidance. 'I have chosen you.' 'Follow thou me.' 'Cycles and Magnets' is an article as interesting as is the writer. There is a ring of practical Christianity chiming through it. It brings us down to the era which George Fox initiated, and carried still further by Mother Ann Lee when she insisted upon the right of woman to her own body, which really insures all the other God-given rights and makes her the Comforter of souls. Last, but not least, we find 'God's Promises' concisely and interestingly reviewed by our beloved Editor. We go back upon them without taking one backward step. If not one jot or tittle of the law shall pass away until all be fulfilled, then do we not need to stop and reflect, and find out our bearings ? Elder F. W. Evans was a prophet in his daywas a follower of this school-master Mosesa believer in his law as being God's law. An article from his pen is so in unison with the one referred to, and so in keeping with the times that we are sure the readers of The Manifesto will be interested and find food for reflection in its perusal. 'They sang the Song of Moses, the servant of God, and the Song of the Lamb in the morning and again in the twilight hour.' 'We call ourselves Christians, and claim Jesus as our Savior. But Jesus was a Jewthe son of David, of the tribe of Judah. There were two laws, the law of God, which was pure and holy, being a reflex of the law of nature on the animal plane, and the penal law, which was added because of the transgression of the original and universal law of nature, by mankind. By that law wras the knowledge of sin and its punishment. THE MANIFESTO. 117 The twelve tribes of Israel, Moses brought up out of the land of Egypt, where they had been immersed in all the sins of Egypt, and were possessed of all the diseases of the Egyptians, which those sins had created. The property laws of Egypt had produced poverty and riches, as in Christendom to-day. Capital and labor were as antagonistic then as now. Joseph, as primeminister of Egypt, had used his spiritualistic power to speculate and transfer all the property of the inhabitants of the land into the hands of Pharaoh. The continuous violation of dietetic laws had made the Israelites a band of invalidspatients ; a catalogue of their diseases and maladies was fearful; and the sexual relations were in confusion, and had caused the firstborn in each household to be slain, while all the male children born to Israel were doomed to destruction. The land was filled with mummies and dead people waiting to be embalmed, and with sorrow and mourning. Moses used his spiritualistic power to deliver Israel from the grasp of the Egyptians, the greatest military power on the face of the earth. Then, by the same power he fed the whole nation on mannaa vegetable production for forty years. This diet as food, and the pure water from the rock to drink cured the people of the diseases of Egypt, of which the Israelites were sorely afraid. In obedience, no one could say, I am sick! and neither were there any poor. There were no rich or poor; no sickness or disease ; no noxious, destructive insects as are now over-running the kingdom of Antichrist-Christendom. In Canaan, all the people, male and female, were freeholders, vegetarians, and chaste, using marriage only for offspring, as George Fox taught and Moses enjoined. Jesus was without sin, when he abstained from marriage, from private property, and from flesh-meat, or animal food. After confessing his sins to John the Baptist, the Christ spirit came to him as guardian Spirit. The God of Israel was a tutelary divinity, not deity. The Scriptures are not the word of God, but a record of the religious experience, history and literature of the Jews. And Jesus was no more the Christ than was Ann Lee ; they were both baptized with Christ spirits. The Christ heavens are above all heavens, it is the heaven of heavens. God is not a trinity, but a dualitya father and mother. The natural world, with all that there is therein, shows forth the true order of Deityof the God-head. There was the law, and the prophets, who prophesied of the coming of the Messiah, and of a great work of God in the latter days. John the Baptist preceded the Messiah, and prepared a goodly number of people in Judea, for the first Christian dispensation which was founded at the day of Pentecost. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.