Union Village, O.- July, 1899. I feel a sincere sympathy for our dear Eastern friends on account of the severe drought afflicting them. We suffered out west here, two consecutive years of very severe drought, and doubtless it is more distressing in a mountainous and hilly region than on level lands, but we hope rain will come in time to save and mature the crops. Where are we to look for a living but from the earth and sky? Our year, so far, has been peculiarly seasonable, and the crops have ripened up in excellent condition, of which the small grain has mostly been cut and waiting the thresher, to complete the harvest. Some sickness among us, but I am not disposed to dwell upon it, as I think we should arise, and triumph over all physical ills as Jesus Christ did, and sooner or later we shall surely reach perfection. The good Lord has it in store for us as soon as we are ready for it, but a further sacrifice of our animal appetites will have to supervene first, but 'The glorious day is dawning, The day of full release, Even now it is the morning, Of saving life and peace. THE MANIFESTO. 125 The train is swiftly nearing, The headlights gleam afar, Of a sweet Evangel cheering, Death's prisons to unbar.' The revival of Christ's spiritual power in healing all known diseases of body or soul is not very far distant, and the door will hardly shut between that glorious time and the Millennium, so long looked and yearned for. We shall have a few apples; our small fruits are remarkably plentiful this year. Corn never looked better in this neighborhood and potatoes are very plentiful. Pears and plums very scarce this year; the failure of the plums mostly owing to to the ravages of the Curculio. Last year we had a very good crop which was all destroyed by this pest of the plum tree. We sprayed the whole orchard three times over last year but it did not make the Curculio one less, so we did not try it this year. Say! good eastern friends, what will destroy the Curculio? If there is any such destructive agent, please let us hear of it in a Home Note. O. C. Hampton.