From the Bible Class. THE KIND SHEPHERD. By Hattie Crook. In the Bible we are given the story of the lost sheep, where it strayed away from the fold, and when the master went out to feed his flock he found one missing. Then he left the ninety and nine and searched and called, until he found it, and then he took it home with him. This shows us that Jesus was kind to everybody even to dumb animals. The lesson to be derived from it to me is, that the kind shepherd looking for his one lost sheep amid night and storm, is a sign that God will not lose his care and tenderness for us when we wander away from Him. In our thoughts and ways we often wander away from this good spirit and like the sheep we stray from the fold of Christ, When the Christ spirit calls us we often do not hear, and if we do it is only to wander deeper and deeper into the jungles of sin and selfishness. We at last want the comfort and rest found only in this heavenly fold, but where shall we find our rest and comfort? None but the good Shepherd who has searched our hearts for the first repentant thought can at last lead us home. East Canterbury, N. H. THE ABUTILON. By Martha J. Anderson. Hail, queen of the bells, the fairy bells, Whose bloom gives such delight, Thro' the summer days and wintry haze, And the close veiled hours of night. Thy chalices deep are filled with gold And crown each towering stem, Where emerald leaves rich tracery weaves Around thy diadem. Thy clustering buds each day increase, And blossoms fair unroll, Then withering fall to earth's dark pall Robbed of the flower-soul. Oh, the blushing rose and lily white May all our senses please, Their odorous breath they yield in death To the passing summer breeze. Not so with the bright Abutilon, When its flowers lose their hue, At their base is seen in the calyx green Clear drops of honey dew. Oh, lesson new for my heart to learn, 'Tis the secret of God's grace, Some sweet surprise life underlies Though we fill the humblest place. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. IP YOU WANT TO BE LOVED, Don't contradict people even if you're sure you are right. Don't be inquisitive about the affairs of even your most intimate friend. Don't underrate anything because you don't possess it. Don't believe that everybody else in the world is happier than you. Don't repeat gossip, even if it does interest a crowd. Don't go untidy on the plea that everybody knows you. Don't express a positive opinion unless you perfectly understand what you are talking about. Don't get in the habit of vulgarizing life by making light of the sentiment of it. Don't scoff at anybody's religious belief. Don't try to be anything else but a gentleman or a gentlewomanand that means one who has consideration for the whole world and whose life is governed by the Golden Rule. 'Do unto others as you would be done by.' Ladies'1 Home Journal.