EXPERIENCE. By Elder Abraham Perkins. rTIHE Lord is my Shepherd, I shall not want. From my early years he - -L has made me 'to lie down in green pastures,' and led me 'beside the still waters.' In such a degree as light and gospel travel have given growth hath 'my soul been restored,' and 'in the path of righteousness' have I been led. Yea, all the days of my life I have received the tender mercies of the Lord, and for all these benefits my soul doth praise the Lord, and with all my powers it is my delight to serve Thee. Yet, having thy continual blessing and care, thy hand giving me strength to walk in justification, however great my blessing, I realize my humanity, my inherited infirmities and weaknesses, consciously or unconsciously cultivated, so clear has been my THE MANIFESTO. 121 vision, that egotism is obliterated and positive knowledge has been both evoked and impelled, evincing the truth, that the power of protection, spiritual baptism, salvation of soul and peace of mind are gifts from above, not begotten of humanity, but from within, and only as we sacrifice self for their possession do we obtain these gifts. From personal experience, and the reading of my own book of life, I have learned that the possession of the Spirit and progress in the paths of Wisdom I have attained has been wrought by Spirit influence, and as my mind expanded and became capable of receiving increasing truths, they have not been withheld, but kindly and graciously transmitted, thus gradually working salvation. Hence, the annihilation of self, and the breaking down of pride, arrogance and worldly principles is the stern work to be done by our individual efforts and labor, which alone are the means of victory. In my soul, many, many times do I cry,Who then is to be redeemed ! Who, 0 Lord, is to abide in thy tabernacle and dwell in thy holy hill? David, the psalmist, explicitly solves the problem :'He that walketh uprightly and worketh righteousness , and speaketh truth in his heart: he that backbiteth not with his tongue nor doeth evil to his neighbor, nor taketli up a reproach against his neighbor. He that doeth these things shall never be moved.'Psalms, xv. East Canterbury, N. H.