THE MELLOWING OF CHARACTER. By James Buckham. It takes time to ripen character. You can not force it any more than you can force the ripening of an apple. There must be a season of growth, and then a season of mellowing,first the soft spring and summer sun and dews and rain, then the dry autumn heat and the nights of frost. It is life, and life only, that ripens character; and it takes all of life to do it, too,the bitter and the sweet, the hard and the easy. Let us not be afraid, then to live, however intensely! The moral cowardthe man who is afraid of life, afraid of its depths and its heights, its valleys of humiliation and its peaks of vision, its significant experiences of whatever kindis incapable of developing character. All these are the ripening experiences of the soul. We must expect them, as the apple expects the noonday blaze and the midnight frost. It is childish to shrink from the intensities of life. Why do we live, if not to meet life's requirements and bear its fruits? It is always a sad thing to see a soul yielding and breaking under the stress of life; a soul that complains perpetually because it is afflicted; a soul that groans night and day beneath its burden; a soul that holds up despairing hands to God, and cries out that it is forspent and crusht to earth, and can strive no more. TJ IE MANIFES TO. 127 Souls are not made of such stuff as this. Souls are made to endure. Life's stress and strain are not to break them, but to strengthen them. There is not one of us who can not endure the discipline of life, no matter how hard, if he understands what it is for and seeks the divine aid in bearing it. It is simply because we so often misinterpret the meaning of trial that we are so weak to bear it. Looked upon as mere aimless torment, of course there is no grace in suffering. No wonder we sink beneath the burden if we fail to see the hand that placed it, and feel only, as we think, the grievous, purposeless weight crushing us to earth. Everything depends upon the why,the why of pain, the why of struggle, the why of weeping. If we could see, day by day, the mellowing process going on in our souls, how differently we should feel about these intense experiences of life! But so many of us seem to have no conception of the real meaning of life. These vital experiences that are meant to cut our souls so clear and fine, like the delicate tools of the sculptor, are to vis but sharp misfortune. We would fain escape them; they hurt us, and we hate them. Ah! what a sad misinterpretation of the will and purpose of our heavenly Father! We say he is hurting us, and that is all the meaning we get out of the marvellous process of soul refining. Bravery, moral bravery, courage under the stress of life,how sorely we all need it! Our childishness clings to us too long with its shrinking from all that is hard and unpleasant; its petulance, its shortsightedness, its complaining. When we become men and women, are we not to put away childish things? Let us try to understand, let us try to bear, let us try to co-operate! Note the sweetness and richness and beauty of those characters that have always resigned themselves cheerfully and trustingly to God's will, and have gone on mellowing and perfecting in holiness unto the end. Such souls afford some adequate explanation of what life means, or may mean to a true jhild of God. They are revelations of ourselves to ourselves: for the image inco whose likeness they have grown is a possible ideal to every one of us. From he Christian Register.