NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. June. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1898. 68.33 5.265 in 1899. 69.84 3.375 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 90 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 50 ' Number of rainy days ' ' 5 ' clear ' ' ' 9 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 16 July, 1899. June has been a month of moods. The first half was very dry. There were frequent indications of rain, but for more than three quarters of the month the rains parted, a portion going north, and the remaining portion going south, leaving us only the lightning, thunder and drought. On Saturday, the 24th inst. we had a variety storm which seemingly shook the heavens and the earth. Lightning and thunder, rain and hail poured upon us in torrents without respect for persons, and apparently for property. We had 1% inches of rain in a short time, interblended with hail. The hail did no good and not much harm. The lightning shot a bolt into a locust tree injuring it severely. This year we have taken 74 bu. of asparagus from the bed. 33^2 bu. of strawberries have been gathered from ten rows. Cherry picking at present engages the attention. Grass, a light crop, for want of a suitable amount of rain. What has grown is being harvested. The new State Road is receiving its coating of gravel. The health of our Community is generally good. A few of us are somewhat drooping. Our Ministry leave on July 5, for Watervliet. Calvin G. Reed. North Family. July, 1899. Haying, hoeing and cherry picking about cover our activities this month. With regard to the first, owing to the nature of our soil, we have not suffered much from drought and expect as soon as the present reverse of droughty weather lets us, to get in a very fair crop both in quantity and quality. It is during this month that a garden usually begins to look like a garden. We have suffered but little from the lack of rain, and assisted by our friends things keep growing along nicely. These friends are very willing to help, and one or the other draws the cultivator along: in fact they are horses. Sour cherries, as usual, have been very abundant and we have picked a good many bushels for sale, but of sweet ones we have had only enough for very limited TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 123 home use. Next year is their year of plenty. Brother Daniel Offord, ever busy where pipes are concerned, has been putting a new iron aqueduct into our saw-mill, the old one, in use many years being leaky. While pouring some lead into a hole in a stone in which he intended to fasten a bolt, the boiling liquid sputtered up into his face and splashed the glasses he was wearing. Some water had got into the hole unknown to him. To say that we are thankful that he was wearing those glasses is putting it rather feebly. As it is, he was somewhat burnt, but what the consequences would have been if he had not had his spectacles on is something we would rather not think about. Sufficient unto this particular day, most certainly, was the good thereof. Frederic McKechnie. South Family. July, 1899. Independence Day has come and gone, yet we are as independent and dependent as before. The ever-glorious Fourth proved a fair day. The elements conspired to perfect perfect weather. Fully appreciating the unseen efforts, a party from here, in company with our nearest neighbors, the Second family, celebrated the Fourth at Queechy Lake, in the town of Canaan. It is a beautiful, pacific lake, formed by nature and surrounded by pretty groves, with pretty cottages and a pavilion where ramblers can hide should a tempest and a storm arise. At 12 o'clock we were seated to a rich repast of the fruits of the orchard and garden. Reading, singing with speech-making and mirth generally ruled the dining hall of the rustic flag-draped shelter. Boat rowing and racing formed a merry feature of the day. Elder Ernest Pick with his kodak took snap shots as we sailed away. Sunday afternoon, the 9th inst., Eldress Anna, Sister Sarah and the writer enjoyed an interesting conference with Elder Henry C. Blinn and inmates of the Office at the West Pittsfield Society. We were soulfully glad to meet our dear editor and pleasingly surprised to find him able to entertain us from his boundless source of useful knowledge. We trust another summer will find him located among the Berkshire hills enjoying frequent drives to our sunny hill-side home. By invitation of Eldress Caroline we attended a musical reception given by the junior members of the family, and the sweet singing by the seven happy songsters added new joy to the afternoon's pleasure. We will long remember the singers. Returning to the Office we found our generous hostess, Sr. Martha Johnson, and her ready helpers had prepared a sumptuous feast of the good things of earth for our especial benefit, and we did it justice. Elder Ira Lawson is a splendid host, possessing a host of goodness, making life sunny for all who come within the radius of his liberal hospitality. The fair days find us on the mountaintop searching for the blueberries. It is gay employment, for the ledges are blue with the luscious fruit. Genevieve DeGraw. -Alfred., Me. July, 1899. It has been some time since Alfred has been represented in Home Notes, but we are still a little band of earnest workers in the Master's vineyard. July has brought the much-needed rain, but we hope to have more before long. It is the driest season known in this town by the oldest inhabitants. In consequence of the drought we shall have very little fruit. The Brethren are busy haying. There will not be more than two thirds as large a crop as last year. The family garden is looking well, notwithstanding the lack of rain, thanks to Brother Frank Butler who has tended it faithfully. The Sisters' workshop has been receiving a new coat of paint on the inside, and this improves its appearance very much. 124 THE MANIFESTO. A few weeks since we enjoyed a pleasant visit with Elder George Clark and the Sisters from Conn. We wish these visits were of more frequent occurrence. On the 4th inst. the young people of our village enjoyed a picnic in the woods, and although a heavy thunder storm in the afternoon sent all within doors after a thorough drenching, yet the sun came out once more and we spread tables out of doors and prepared supper which was a pleasant ending of the day. We extend love and well wishes to all our Brethren and Sisters, far and near. Our prayer is that peace and prosperity may bless every Zion home. Era M. Ubbey. Shakers, N. Y. July, 1899. Our attention was especially attracted to the article in the July Manifesto by Brother Joseph A. Wilson, and we were reminded of the saying of Emerson, 'Beware, when the great God lets loose a thinker.' Something of importance must then take place; but whether it will be for the weal or woe of the individual thinker or human society at large will depend upon the source from whence is derived the thoughts that find expression in words and acts. While it is true that there are some that have not the mental energy to expend in extensive thought, the majority of human life in our American Republic thinks enough, but the difficulty at present is to get them to train their thoughts in the direction from which will emanate results beneficial to themselves in the advancing of their ideal life, and as a result its outer manifestation, to a higher plane consequently benefiting humanity. We are temperately optimistic and whatever strengthens our hope in the ultimate destiny of human life brings a pleasure that the external things of life can not take away; and to meet an individual thinker who draws from that fountain of spiritual energy the thoughts that take form and expression as they come from the crucible of their life is of incalculable benefit to one who is reaching out with all the energies of his soul for the best that is attainable. The drought that has prevailed in the eastern part of our country was felt here in diminishing the hay crop and the small fruits. Strawberries especially felt it; some fields in this section on the uplands were not worth picking. To read of the devastation by flood in some sections of the west, we can not help questioning why are these forces so unevenly distributed? We have many things to be thankful for, and out of all this apparent confusion the Almighty arm will evolve harmony. In this hope we will place our trust, working for a higher and more advanced life, Hamilton De.Graw. Union Village, O.- July, 1899. I feel a sincere sympathy for our dear Eastern friends on account of the severe drought afflicting them. We suffered out west here, two consecutive years of very severe drought, and doubtless it is more distressing in a mountainous and hilly region than on level lands, but we hope rain will come in time to save and mature the crops. Where are we to look for a living but from the earth and sky? Our year, so far, has been peculiarly seasonable, and the crops have ripened up in excellent condition, of which the small grain has mostly been cut and waiting the thresher, to complete the harvest. Some sickness among us, but I am not disposed to dwell upon it, as I think we should arise, and triumph over all physical ills as Jesus Christ did, and sooner or later we shall surely reach perfection. The good Lord has it in store for us as soon as we are ready for it, but a further sacrifice of our animal appetites will have to supervene first, but 'The glorious day is dawning, The day of full release, Even now it is the morning, Of saving life and peace. THE MANIFESTO. 125 The train is swiftly nearing, The headlights gleam afar, Of a sweet Evangel cheering, Death's prisons to unbar.' The revival of Christ's spiritual power in healing all known diseases of body or soul is not very far distant, and the door will hardly shut between that glorious time and the Millennium, so long looked and yearned for. We shall have a few apples; our small fruits are remarkably plentiful this year. Corn never looked better in this neighborhood and potatoes are very plentiful. Pears and plums very scarce this year; the failure of the plums mostly owing to to the ravages of the Curculio. Last year we had a very good crop which was all destroyed by this pest of the plum tree. We sprayed the whole orchard three times over last year but it did not make the Curculio one less, so we did not try it this year. Say! good eastern friends, what will destroy the Curculio? If there is any such destructive agent, please let us hear of it in a Home Note. O. C. Hampton. East Canterbury N. H. July, 1899. Our beloved friends who sojourned at our mountain home between the 21st and 27th ult. left us richer for the blessing they imparted. Eldress Ellen Green represented our sister society at Harvard, Mass., while Elder George W. Clark and Sisters Angeline Brown, Mariette Esty and Alice Braisted were from Enfield, Conn. Such happy seasons give us a glimpse of the 'hundred-fold' relation whice is destined to supplant the narrowness of kinship. Will angel visits ever be other than 'few and far between?' In this section, at least, the drought is at an end. After two months of dry ness the tears of the skies fell steadily for two days, as if touched by the parched wistfulness of the under world. The repentance was eagerly accepted by the forgiving earth, and the cooling drops sank gratefully to their work. Haying is in progress and an average yield reported for this season. Our ancient Church, which has survived one hundred and seven summers, is now receiving a much-needed coat of paint. Did it hear the Governor's call for 'Old Home Week,' and is it preparing the gala dress for the occasion? However this may be, such old settlers will not be away from home on the appointed date, and the thoughtful painters will also be there in person as well as in grateful memory. The day School closed for the summer holidays on the 12th inst. after a term of ten weeks. The closing exercises gave proof that good effects follow good causes. Our beloved Elder Benjamin H. Smith, while passing into one of the fruit gardens near home, was the subject of a severe apoplectic stroke at about 11.15 a. m. on the 15th inst. He had experienced a less severe attack while in the city of Concord one week previous. He was at once tenderly removed to the Infirmary, where until 3 a. m. on the 20th he lay unconscious. He rapidly neared the 'streets of gold' and met the dear ones there. By a devoted Christian life of sixty years, his passport was sure, yet the suddenness of the illness gave us no time for the tender farewells which love would prefer. Jessie Evans.