WANTED. By Jessie Evans. HOW much rushes into thought waves as we scan the wide sweep of horizon inscribed by one brief word ! Wanted ! What is not wanted in this wonderful, wide world of ours ? Everything that presents itself to the human eye has its definite purpose, else it would not have found its way into the vast creation of Gad. The great, unerring Law-giver has put into operation so perfect a plan that somehow, somewhere, sometime every individual life will fulfill its end in the divine mind, That we are so strangely and sadly distanced from this desirable millennial condition, to-day, after a human history covering a period of perhaps six thousand years, is part of the inexplicable system of salvation toward which evolution is steadily though slowly lessening the distance. Of theorizing on this broad, perhaps vague, subject, the flesh wearies and the heart faints; yet faith firmly anchors the mind to the assurance that in God's good time, and in ways perhaps mysterious to the speculative mind of the skeptic all the glorious prophecies of the ancients will be fulfilled. But what of to-day? We have only the vital needs of one day to consider, to meet, to supply. The eternal future will come to us one day at a time. God's wisdom has so mercifully adapted his stupendous laws to our littleness that from morning till night is our only term of service. The Voice says to us, 'Go work to-day in my vineyard,' and, by way of hushing the undue anxiety so natural to the material mind, adds, 'Take no thought for the morrow, for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself,' while the great Teacher instructs us to pray after this manner: 'Give us this day our daily bread.' In this one brief sentence, so deeply studded with faith in God's knowledge of our needs and his liberality toward our great necessities, we seem to be drawn with our hungering and thirsting in sight of the green pastures and the still waters of the divine landscape. Our needs lie open ever to the gaze of the Infinite. 'Your Father knoweth what things ye have need of before ye ask him,' yet only by asking have we the promise of receiving. The heart of the Christian Church seems burdened with the keen, deepseated tribulation foretold by the Savior in connection with the hundred-fold blessing. Never yet did an individual or corporate life rise in defence of the unpopular principles of true Christian integrity without feeling the bitterness of opposing forces. This conflict is not limited to one section or to one denomination. Indeed whatever finds its way into the great arterial system of religious thought in this day of quick transmission is felt for good or ill more or less strongly in every church. The present burden is a universal one and represents the vital need of our day. What is the trouble in the socalled Christian Church ? What is expected of it ? How can this be fulfilled ? THE MANIFESTO. 119 These are the burning questions that face us from day to day with alarming vividness. I. Christ said, 'By their fruits ye shall know them,' and the Apostle adds, 'The fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, long-suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance ; and in the light of this criterion we are able to discern the presence or the absence of the spirit which characterized the first true Christian Church. Read the second chapter of Acts, and mark the baptismal work which resulted in the conversion of three thousand souls, who 'continued steadfastly in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship,' then turn to the church of these latter days whose corner-stone is imbedded in those principles. Where is it? Why? The truth leads the questioning, bitter though our replies may be, and loath as we may be to utter them :Have we not lowered the primitive Christ standard to our human weakness instead of reaching up with our deficiencies to its divine strength? Have we upheld the enforcers of our laws? How easy to blunt the keen-edged truths of the gospel that they may fall agreeably upon the ear of the natural man ! When the divine message struck a chord in opposition to the selfish will, were we 'offended because of the word?' It is human to screen from its inevitable condemnation' the sin that doth so easily beset,' but no divine benediction can follow where the name of Christ is upon the lip but the worship of self in the heart. Only the simple mourn that the fruits of the spirit result not from sowing to the flesh, and that grapes grow not from thorns. Above our foolishness, God's truth through the Apostle stands inexorable; 'Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ. Now if any man build upon this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble ; Every man's work shall be made manifest; for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is. If any man's work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward. If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss; but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire.' Without doubt this is the day of the fire test. Upon the altar of the church the shekinah of truth has never been extinguished, but by the compelling forces of our times our life work is put to the flame as never before. Here we see the glory of the righteous who put only gold to the fire, their virtue returns to them the more resplendent for the refining. Many of us, however, stand and watch the smoke of our hay, wood and stubble, over which we have invested so much careful planning in the vain hope of passing it as the genuine sacrifice. But, thank God, we ourselves shall be saved, not a faculty is injured by the crucial test. God's mercy permits us a new-born day, with the hope of life in its sunrise, and we may begin anew the work of consecration, this time with the sweet, sad experience of the past to nerve us to holier sacrifice. This is a blessed day to those who are studying the signs 120 THE MANIFESTO. of the times spiritually. While it records the obituary of selfish hopes, man made creeds, earthly fears, and human calculations, it heralds the birth of clearer insight into gospel truth, broader conceptions of God's dealings, and a strengthening resolution to rise upon the 'stepping-stones of our dead selves to higher things.' II. What is expected of the true Christian Church? That it shall be Christian in the full sense of the word. Jesus said to Peter, in this connection, 'Upon this rock (revelation from the Father) I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' The Apostle refers to the 'glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing.' The Church of Christ is expected to teach, as did Jesus, the answer to the universal question : 'What shall I do that I may inherit eternal life ?' Spiritual life is an obtainable possession, more real than the tangible surroundings of our earthly existence, and the creed of the church, if creed there be, should be worded, the testimony outlined, the ceremony guided, the socials conducted, the minister emboldened, the community instructed, on lines bearing directly toward this power of God. III. How can this be fulfilled? Only by a positive maintenance of the Pentecostal standard. Human methods may vary, the principles of God are 'from everlasting to everlasting.' Plant the testimony of Christ in the soil of honest hearts and its fruit-bearing is certain. Hide the leaven of true Christianity in any community and its penetrating properties make themselves felt and known. But'Beware of the leaven of the Pharisees which is hypocrisy.' Wantedthe Church that will meet this stirring call! Wantedthe ministry that will not reserve one jot or tittle of God's searching truths! Wantedthey who will 'hear the word and receive it, and bring forth fruit, some thirty-fold, some sixty, and some an hundred.\ 'He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.' East Canterbury, N. H.