TRUST, By Fidella Estabrook. Gob is with thee, why then falter, Is His arm not strong to bear, Does He not in every burden Claim as His, the greater share? Can we ever doubt His promise Who has ever been our friend, Who through countless ages calleth 'I am with thee to the end.' Every little bird that twitters And each tiny fragrant flower, Proofs are giving of His goodness, Emblems of His endless power, 126 THE MANIFESTO. Even sunbeams sparkling brightly Messages of love now bring, Every voice of nature singeth 'God is seen in everything.' Then we'll trust Him, trust Him ever, Through the day or darksome night Knowing that the way He guideth Leadeth ever to the light. Souls who wait on Him in stillness, Simply trusting day by day, Doing just the things He biddeth,- Following where He points the way, Find a rest in gladly bearing Just whatever He may send, For His promise never faileth He our Comforter, our Friend. When we're moulded to His likeness Then shall we be satisfied, From all selfishness and sinning, By His spirit purified. We shall count the pain and struggle, Blessings free, in mercy given, Stepping-stones from earth s dark shadows To the firm, blest shores of heaven, And we'll thank the loving Father For each fear or heavy sorrow, Knowing that its fruit is gladsome On the bright eternal morrow. Stars that twinkle in their brightness In the fields of heaven, so blue. Only can be seen when darkness Yeils all other lights from view. So sometimes our seeming pleasures, If removed, leave freer sight, For the truths of God's great lessons In his promises so bright. Then just trust him, daily, hourly, Trust him fully, never fear, List the echo sounds still nearer, 'I am with thee, do not fear.' Greater blessing ne'er was given, Than this presence at our side, We can travel ever safely, Hand in hand with Christ, our guide. Though the cross seems hard and heavy, Hear him saying 'Follow Me.' He himself has borne the burden Up the heights of Calvary. Yea, he knowsOh blessed solace, All our weakness, doubt and strife, And looks down in love and pity On each sincere, humble life. Then forever praise and trust him, Leaving all things to his will, He is faithful, failing never, His true promise to fulfill. Listen, he repeats it sweetly, 'I am thy Father, Savior, Friend, I'll not leave thee, nor forsake thee, I'll be with thee to the end.' West Pittsfield, Mass.