THE OLD INHERITANCE. By Elder Henry C. Blinn. THE holy bond of matrimony,' as it is sometimes called, brings for ward a subject which has more or less direct influence upon every religious Order, and well it might, as it is the foundation upon which the order of the world stands. On the inspirational strength of the following passage, as well as from the animal passions to which it strongly appeals,. this has become a favorite text in the Christian church,'And God blessed them and said unto them, Be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth.' The first chapter of Genesis is very full and explicit in the commands which God gave to the several orders of his creative work. All the vegetable and animal creation are under the same common law. All are created male and female and assigned to a special duty which should ultimately replenish the earth. Man, who is said to have been formed in the image of God, receives the same law as does the animal. Nothing in this part of the sacred record places him above the beasts of the field, in the work of generation. The law of reproduction becomes the law of God and receives from the Creator the divine benediction 'very good.' We next find that Adam had a companion to assist him. The Bible says, 'God brought her to the man.' This forms the first marriage ceremony. Admitting that the ceremony was performed by such high authority did not, in the least, change the animal relations of the man and woman, any more 114 THE MANIFESTO. than it did that of the beasts of the field or the fishes of the sea, as they had the same command to multiply. Under no consideration could this law be ignored, and the anticipated success attend the creative work. This same direct interest followed the race from generation to generation, and became so marked in its results that those who maintained it were denominated the sons of God, and those who ignored the law were called the sons of Belial. The same regard for the race was manifested through all the Judges and Prophets, and culminated in the mysterious birth of Jesus. In accepting the divine mission, Jesus is said to have sanctioned what God had so carefully arranged in the garden of Eden, by his presence at the marriage at Cana and by contributing to the enjoyment of the guests. He accepts the hospitality of Peter, who is a married man, and finall}7 makes him a bishop of the church, which agrees remarkably with the Apostle Paul, who says that a bishop must be blameless, and the husband of one wife. Jesus blesses the little children that come out to meet him, which may be accepted as an evidence that he approved of the generative life. Bible readers will readily find that the sacred volume has more advocates in favor of generation than it has of a virgin order. That the meekest man, the wisest man, the prophet, the high priest and even the man after God's own heart, were married, and more than this, some of them were decidedly strong advocates for polygamy. Now with this Biblical and churchal education, we need not wonder that the Christians are so enthusiastic over what they call God's great command. The cause in which one enlists all his energies must necessarily absorb his life. The man who lias become a life member of the Generation Society who reads and writes about it and strongly advocates it in public and private, might be expected to render a decision like this Rio gentleman :'How remarkable it is that whenever an enthusiast in religion gets new light and adopts what he considers advanced views, he almost invariably begins to tamper with marriage. In this tampering he always betrays the charlatan and sufficiently warns all who attempt to follow him, to beware of him.' When this Rev. Mr. Worldly Wise Man had relieved himself of this decision, he must have been relieved, but possibly may have forgotten that others, as well as himself, could read the Bible, and at the same time have the divine right to understand it from their own religious standpoint. It is very natural that the children of this world should think it right for them to enter the marital relations. It belongs, as they do, to a civil institution, and to an order of life which becomes a matter of worldly interest. It is the forming.of a co-partnership for the mutual benefit of those who engage in it. All the laws concerning the marriage covenant are under the control of the civil government. This determines who may, and who may not be THE MANIFESTO. 115 married ; who may, and who may not be divorced, and attaches fines and penalties to every deviation. We do not dispute the point that those who get new light on the subject of the Christ life invariably find themselves at variance with the advocates of generation. And why not? Jesus says, 'The children of this world, (not his followers) marry and are given in marriage,' and this the much-married Rev. Dr. calls tampering with the marriage relation. On this point 'Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind.' Jesus taught a new and living way. He received advanced ideas, because an enthusiast on the subject of the kingdom of God. As proper as the natural order of generation may have been for Adam and the Rev. and their followers, it was not encouraged in the ministration of Jesus. Peter may have been a married man, but that no more prevented him from becoming a disciple, than because he was a fisherman. Jesus said, 'Except a man forsake all that he hath (and Peter had a wife) he can not be my disciple.' St. Paul was another enthusiast who, like Jesus, advanced religious ideas, and he also began to tamper with the marriage question, to the evident disgust of the Rev. Dr. St. Paul was an unmarried man, as was Jesus, and he wrote to the churches, 'I would that all men were even as I.' Human nature is about the same now, as in the days of the apostles, and all may easily learn,'To be spiritually minded is life and peace, but to be carnally minded is death.' East Canterbury, N. H.