NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. July. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1898. 75.3 2.125 in 1899. 72.42 7. ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 92 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 50 ' Xumber of rainy days ' ' 9 ' clear ' ' ' 9 ' cloudy ' ' ' 13 July, 189:). July has been quite a hurried month. It has given us seven inches of rain which is more than the three preceding months combined gave us. July gave vegetation a verdant coloring, which gives the landscape almost a vernal bloom. Notwithstanding the scanty showers of April, May and June, their total supply of rain was only six and one fourth inches, yet garden and farm crops showed^very limited signs of drought. The garden has given TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 141 a bountiful supply of wholesome vegetables; the farm furnishes us with excellent new potatoes; the orchard gives us an ample supply of ripe apples; the nursery and berry bushes afford us a variety of small fruits. There is no danger at present of our perishing with hunger. There has been a decided improvement made on our village street; more yet remains to be done. The road-bed is coated with gravel from the cross walk,(running from our dwelling to the infirmary,) and north to the junction of the two roads; the west wall of the blacksmith pond dam has been repaired; a substantial railing has been built ou each side of the dam and the road has been gravelled, which is an improvement. The N. Y. State Koad is at the point of completion. The Mass, end is being worked. Our Ministry are at Hancock. It is a time of usual health in the Community. Calvin 0. -Reed. South Family. July, 1899. Home Notes and bird notes How do they agree? Bird notes are merry notes So should Home Notes be. Bird notes are musical Full of light and life Cheering ev'ry hearer Like the harp and fife, Manifesto Home Notes From the writers' thought, Can impart the mu-sic Which the birds have tnnght. When July laid its burdens down August rose up to the rescue; should we not as ready be to lend a helping hand in bearing the burdens of life? Ofttimes they are many and heavy for the willing few. Eldress Miriam Offord of Enfield; Conn, honored us with a visit. We were spiritually benefited by her presence and were thankful for her coming. She's just 'what God requires of her A messenger of love A minister of light and peace Her works they surely prove.' Saturday the 29th ult. we were favored with a call from our worthy friends Mr. and Mrs. Brannen of Denver, Col. Hope their next journey east will be of greater length but remembering 'short visits make long friends' we will not regret brevity. By kind invitation of our North family friends a happy band from here entered the land of Canaan, Thursday the 3rd inst. and devoted the day to blackberry pick- j ing. We found a rich harvest of that I most healthful fruit. Milk and honey we found flowing Through the berries black there growing Though the thorns were strong and great, Yet we met with kindly fate. Many thanks to northern friends All the south to them extends. Genevieve DeGraw. North Family. August, 1899. Beautiful days and bountiful harvests of berries are ours. To be sure aching backs and scratched hands must be taken with the blue sky and deluges of sunshine but if we had no stubborn discomforts to beat our wings against how could we _0 know that we had wings? The tide of summer travel casts now and then au ebbing wave upon our lawn and some of the salt and some of the silliness too of the great world ocean linger for awhile in the atmosphere about us; one to be used as a needed tonic and the other as an equally needed warning. The making of the State road promises to be no slight task. After the hard labors of the day, you may see squads of dusky-faced Italians on their errands of business or of pleasure. Poor exiles! How little they thought when playing among the olives and vines of their sunny land, a day would come when they would be laying roads among the hills of far away America. Are they homesick? Their swathy faces tell no tales. Does not God intend for us to have a kindly interest in the stranger at our gates? stranger to us but not to God. Are not we too busy or too indifferent? 142 THE MANIFESTO. It is Sunday to-day. One of those perfect days that Beecher calls a 'flower dropped over the walls of Paradise.' As usual we shall attend service at the Church family. Elder Levi, busy, burdened Elder Levi, has just come down the walk with a Sabbath peace on his face and the sound of his springy step, for lie keeps a little chapel of fadeless springtime within the hoary cathedral walls of old Time's building, and the twitter of the birds are all that break the silence. Such perfect peace! And among the islands of the Pacific are our brothers at war. Life is indeed a hard nut but there is a rich, sweet kernel within, and it takes many blows from God's hand to bring it forth. If we, like peevish children, push His hand aside and insist upon breaking the shell ourselves, we shall get the kernel all the same but not without much selfbruising. Our nation is just now learning this lesson. Think of the conference at the Hague! These are mad times, but also glad times, and best of all God's times. Will not this be one of the memorable summons of historf ? Is there not something gravely significant in the representatives of the old world of Europe and of older Asia suspending their deliberations at the Hague to celebrate our Independence Day? Do we realize what is being done in little Holland just now? To use Stead's words, 'A company of men is busy creating at the close of nineteen hundred years of nominal Christianity a court which will give the nations a chance to carry their disputes to some other judgment seat than that of war.' How all our petty cares and toils, our bread and butter strivings sink into nothing in this broad white light of promise. G. Ada Drown. Shakers, N. Y. July, 1899. As we note the shortening of the days observable in the rising and setting of the sun, we are reminded of the words of that old hymn commencing, 'Our days are gliding swiftly by,' and if we could we would not detain them. The present is constantly becoming history, as it is recorded in the annals of the past, and the prophetic future is becoming the living present. The pleasure of anticipation in looking forward gives the inspiration to every healthy mind to struggle for the best and make the futnre superior to the present. During the month of July we were favored in a manner that seldom falls to our lot. Our Beloved Elder Ira Lawson spent Sunday the 23rd ult. with us, and although the visit was of short duration when counted by hours, yet the blessing that came to us while in spiritual communion with him could not be measured by an earthly standard. We also had a pleasant visit from Sister Sarah Cutler of Mt. Lebanon. In reply to the question of Elder Oliver C. Hampton as to what will destroy the Curculic? we would state that our experience has been that the most effectual means to prevent its ravages is as soon as the fruit is past the blossom, to catch them by spreading a piece of cotton sheeting six or eight feet square, under the limbs and by a sudden jar on the limb they will fall and can be caught; and by burning them and all of the defective fruit that falls. The best time is in the morning while the insects are dormant. We have seen plum and apricot trees where this system was followed three or four times in a week, or better, every morning, to yield bountiful crops of fruit while those that were neglected yielded none of any value. Hamilton DeGro.w. West Pittsfield, Mass. August, 1899. When last we visited the Home Circle, we were predicting fruitless harvests, and lamenting the dryness of the earth, because of the scarcity of the rain. But should we not make known the sequel TJ IE MANIFES TO. 143 and as readily appraise the blessings as murmur at the ills of life? The rain came. In copious showers, in lengthy 'drizzles,' in light mists; but interspersed with rays of sunlight, so that now earth is smiliug in freshness and beauty. It is now a beautiful morning. The green-covered earth is sparkling with millions of sunbeams, and the trees stand arrayed in treasures of bright crimson and gold. On such mornings as this one realizes more fully the significance of the words said to have been uttered in the last family prayer given by the author, Eugene Field. 'Let us bring morning hearts to Christ.'' Not hearts only weary as at close of day, seeking rest; but hearts filled with praise, and bright with purpose, strong in an endeavor to do our best. Why has August been so neglected by poet or singer we wonder. They tell of 'June's Roses,' of 'Golden October,' etc., but August is only noted for her sultry days, andvisiting flies. But who like August of all the months, fills in each detail of the rude sketch prepared for her by her preceding sisters. She rounds the apples and tinges them with sunlight hues; she bronzes the pears, and busily stores away sunbeams in fruit and vegetable; she touches each tree and flower with fuller, deeper beauty;and then October comes along, and with a dash of color here and there, and a grand final swing of the brush; completes the picture;and receives the glory. We were disappointed,very pleasantly, as to the hay harvest, and reports are now issued of a plentiful supply. Pears are exceedingly abundant and apples, all that we shall need. An advance regiment of tomatoes have arrived from the fort across the way, with tidings of a well conditioned army soon to arrive. Those who survive the present season will be quartered with us for the winter, I presume. Upon our mountain-side a city has lately been building; its cottages are exceedingly light and airy, with no superabundance to intercede with nature's way. Its inhabitants are natives of Italy's fair clime, and they are hewers and drawers of stone and earth building another mile of state road on the Massachusetts line, to meet that of New York, for the 'Old Bay State,' wishes to meet on an equal footing, always. We have enjoyed the pleasant society, and kindly influence of our editor for several weeks, and now that he has returned to his old home, miss him very much. But there would be no welcomes, unless a farewell preceded, so we shall hope~and trust, that the future may again see him at Berkshire. Fidelia Estabroolc. East Canterbury N. H. July, 1899. The Shaker Church was established one hundred and twenty-five years ago. The landing of eight persecuted souls in New York, Aug. 6, 1774, opened the history of our church work on this continent. It has long been our custom to commemorate this important event, and the current month brought no exception. The Sixth occurring on Sunday, the anniversary exercises were presented to the society between the hours of 1-30 and 3-30 p. m. in our Old South Church. Each number on the well-arranged programme was especially appropriate to the occasion, the following giving particular pleasure:__ In our Home of Many Mansions. Chorus. A Historical Summary of the Church. Why Do we Commemorate this Day? Our Mother's Way. Trio. The World's Good Women. Our Mother. Acrostic. A Bouquet of Flowers. Little Girls. Art thou Watching over me My Mother? Quartette. Choice Gems from our First Elders. Thy Kingdom Come. Children. What will Bring the Heavens Nearer? Chorus. 144 THE MANIFESTO. Links in Mother's Golden Chain. Youth. Mother's Crown. Little Boys. Our Mother Ann of To-day. Our Mothers Last Hymn. While blessings rich and many are ours to-day, may we ever hold'in.sacred memory the names and testimony of those pioneer spirits, who suffered that our communal Christ homes might be established in this land of freedom. Temporal prosperity is still vouchsafed to us. Beloved Elder Henry has been heartily welcomed home. No good friend or friends accompanied him from that lovely hospitable home at West Pittsfield, however. This would have been a pleasant sequel to a pleasant stoi'y. Haying has closed at this date. Jessie Evans. Alfred., Me. August, 1899. During the past month, thunder showers have been of frequent occurrence. On July 21, we had a very severe one from seven o'clock p. m. when the storm broke until after midnight it was a continual roar of thunder and the lightning flashed all over the sky, it seemed like too armies met in battle. We are thankful to say that we did not suffer any from it, altho rumors of disaster came from all around us. Hay*is harvested and we .find we shall have a plentiful supply with what was left over from last year's store The Sisters are busy getting basket work ready for sale. At present Elder Henry Green is in the White mountains trying to exchange some of it for the almighty dollars which we need for the comforts of life. We are having very cool weather, the evenings are quite chilly, if it continues to grow cooler we shall expect an early visit from Jack Frost. We look forward each month with pleasure for The Manifesto, for it is full of good things. It is one of the links that bind our homes together, for through its columns we hear from our gospel friends afar. Eva M. Libbey. Enfield, N. H. July, 1899. Nearly four'months have had their time since six of us were transferred from the Church order to this family, and our time has been fully occupied with the duties incident to the prevailing conditions, thus debarring us from some of the pleasantries and duties pen and mind has enjoyed. With the abundance of fruits and grains, coupled with the remembrance of the many joys that are ours as we live in nearness of thought to the Christ spirit, we rejoice and 'Our heart's breathe the old refrain, Thy will be done.' Not according to any world levelling process, nor by any pagan conception of life, impeding expansion of individual and society life toward a higher degree of existence, but by the power of mind that will expand in duties and uprightness of spirit, valuing principle above human favor or material gift. It may not be essential that we echo end reecho the same remarks the founders of our societies heralded, but it is necessary that we give full consecrated lives to the principles that bind us together. 'Our fathers to their graves liave gone; Their strife is past, their triumph won, But sterner trials wait the race Which rises in their honored place.' A careful inspection of our true condition will apprise us of the fact that 'hands to work and hearts to God' is the imperative law of to-day that we may remain able to hold fast that which is good. Our Church family have shone with new lustre; three buildings revealing very artistic dressing. With our kindred there we gather each Sabbath and exchange gifts of the spirit. With us change from family to family can not mar the ties of affection or withhold the aid each one is capable of giving. New voices may sound the gospel news and different themes inspire the lips; but never can new friends or modes of life take the place of old ones bearing the seal of Christly approval. George H. Baxter. Union Village, O. August, 1899. We have very good roads around our Village, and our Supervisor, Bro. J. H. Fennessey, has very thoroughly gravelled them this summer as well as made many other improvements over our farms and premises; being our farm deacon as well as one of the Trustees. During the last eighteen months he has built many new fences, and cleared many places of rubbish, such as weeds, briars, fence-rails sticks and stones,so that as I pass around the premises, I see many places altogether improved. I call this one of the emphatic ways of keeping the Gospel. For all this is in perfect accordance with our blessed Mother's testimony and teaching. Last Sabbath, I read a discourse in our morning meeting, from the writings of Thomas A.Kempis, on 'The joy of a good Conscience,' and I think if we all would see to it that we keep that richest of pearls pure and unsoiled, we will enjoy even our temporal blessings in far more perfection and peace. It is said that temporal and spiritual go together, and this is truenevertheless, the former must move, live, and have its being and actually emanate from the latter. Our yards are full of flowers, which give out their fragrance and beauty on every hand, and point to the Great Architect, whose wisdom and love, truth and goodness purity and peace, mercy and forgiveness, are deep and substantial, not only, but sublime and ornamental. But we are too far from any profitable market to make merchandise of our flowers, as they do at Alfred, Me., and as for Lebanon our county seat, one dandelion posy would glut the market there. So we must be contented with looking at them, which indeed is a great comfortfor 'a thing of beauty is a joy forever.' We are enjoying excellent health, and there is not a healthier location on earth than Union Village, Warren Co., O. Some 30 acres of our wheat yielded 29 bu. to the acre (amounting to 8*70 bus.) We have about 6500 bushels of wheat this season but some of it was somewhat damaged by sprouting in the shock. However, we will not complain about that seeing we have been so abundantly blessed in. our basket and store the present season. Some of our oats yielded 50 bus. to the acre. We also have barley and rye and an excellent crop of potatoes. What we should like would be for some of our good Brethren and Sisters from the Eastern Country to come out here and settle right down on our vacated premises, and enjoy the comfort and blessing of the same. They would find such a good place to make a living out of the soil and an abundant welcome from the Society here. I wish The Manifesto prosperity and success and also all its editors and publishers. O. C. Hampton.