SEARCH THE SCRIPTURES-Jno. v., 39. By Elder Henry C. Blinn. THE searching of the Scriptures is always new and interesting. It is like the storehouse of precious treasures,the eye never tires with seeing, nor the ear with hearing. Those who have not grown to appreciate the study of the wonderful Book, will be more or less like those, who having eyes, see not-the many beautiful things which God places before them. We should study the Scriptures that we may be the better able to understand what the best inspiration of all ages has instructed men to do in the work of practical righteousness. It is the duty of a Christian to learn. It is also the duty of those who stand independent of the churches, and of their multiplied theologies, to learn how they may become better men and women. When St. Paul advised his brethren concerning the Sabbath day, and closed his remarks so liberally by saying, 'Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind,' and whether he keep Friday, Saturday or Sunday as a day of religious devotion, let him keep the day to the glory of God. So in reference to the study of the Scriptures. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind that he understands them and obeys them with a good and honest heart. The Christian church in its most extended sense is comparatively a limited order, and largely amalgamated with that quality which we are pleased to denominate the spirit of the world. It is greatly to our advantage and to the advantage of every progressive miud that the influence of disintegration has 130 ' THE MANIFESTO. wrought so effectually. It brought light into many dark places, and allowed an independence of thought which must be exercised by all rational beings. When there is life, there must be more or less growth of mind. If with this comes the practical righteousness which was taught by the mission of the Christ, it will largely assist in making the kingdoms of this world, the kingdoms of our Lord. The Reformation allowed men to think and act, as they never thought and acted before, and this reformation still goes on dividing and subdividing the churches and scattering the endless systems of theology to the four winds of heaven. Man has now but little need of them. So also the war of the Revolution, while it brought to us, on every hand, the painful record of sorrow, it also brought to us the independence of the country, the independence of thought and measurably that freedom of soul with which God loves to bless his children. Our government recognizes no church, but gave to all the one great blessing of religious liberty. From this date, in the United States, a man for the first time, in the world's history, was permitted to think for himself and to choose the road by which he through anticipation, might reach the city of the New Jerusalem. Do you suppose that a less number reach the kingdom of God, to-day in their freedom of thought and action, in their denunciations of churchal dogmas and soulless theological traditions, than were privileged to pass through the celestial gate in the days of Coustantine ? God's light comes for the purpose of making men better, and it comes through the Godlike intelligence which rules the minds of men and women. To say that St. Paul was very shrew'd and cautious and had a great point to gain, when on his mission to the church at Jerusalem, does not speak very highly for the plenary inspiration of the Scriptures. St. Paul was not Jesus and therefore is not our especial guide. As we search the Scriptures for a closer walk with God, wre are especially drawn to the sayings of Jesus, aud these are used wTith an emphasis w^hich is unmistakable, because we have chosen to be as he was, separated from the world. Jesus gives us to understand that he was not of that order and if any man would become his disciple he must deny himself and take up his cross and follow himaway from the world. The Revelator writes that we must be harvested from the vine of the earth, and this most assuredly separates us from the world and from all the relations which grow out of that order. If the mission of Jesus was for the introduction of a new and spiritual life, as all Christians admit, then as certainly it forewarns us of the decline and death of the state in which we had formerly lived, and brings us into a resurrection order where all things are to become new. Instead of wars which have been the delight of man since the daj7s of Cain, we are to have peace. Instead of evil imaginations and unrighteousness as in the days before the flood THE MANIFESTO. 131 we are commanded to purify the heart and to be crucified to the elements of the world. Whosoever believes and lives in the resurrection testimony of the Lord Jesus Christ can never die, for his work is eternal life. So different is this from the children of this world, who follow the pleasures jf time, that St. Paul tells us, they are dead, dead in their trespasses against light, even while their bodies are alive. The apostle's advice to try the spirits, means as well to prove the lives of religionists by the doctrines which they preach. Advocates of peace principles are crying out against the Avarlike spirit of the age and then work with a corresponding zeal to inflame the passions of man. to rush to the battle field, and destroy the lives of each other. The Christian prays as earnestly to God for victory over his enemies, as he prays for bread in time of famine. To denounce war as sin and then pray for victory to pass from city to city is praying that sin may abound. This knowledge comes through God's light to man and such a light as John Calvin, Martin Luther, and Roger Williams never saw. It is the pleasure and indeed, the duty of the Shaker Church, so far as they have learned the operation of the spirit of truth, to zealously exalt the Lord their God. This is manifested by accepting the revelation of light which leads us from ignorance and from selfishness to the blessing of an honorable life and of universal love. East Canterbury, N. H.