West Pittsfield, Mass. August, 1899. When last we visited the Home Circle, we were predicting fruitless harvests, and lamenting the dryness of the earth, because of the scarcity of the rain. But should we not make known the sequel TJ IE MANIFES TO. 143 and as readily appraise the blessings as murmur at the ills of life? The rain came. In copious showers, in lengthy 'drizzles,' in light mists; but interspersed with rays of sunlight, so that now earth is smiliug in freshness and beauty. It is now a beautiful morning. The green-covered earth is sparkling with millions of sunbeams, and the trees stand arrayed in treasures of bright crimson and gold. On such mornings as this one realizes more fully the significance of the words said to have been uttered in the last family prayer given by the author, Eugene Field. 'Let us bring morning hearts to Christ.'' Not hearts only weary as at close of day, seeking rest; but hearts filled with praise, and bright with purpose, strong in an endeavor to do our best. Why has August been so neglected by poet or singer we wonder. They tell of 'June's Roses,' of 'Golden October,' etc., but August is only noted for her sultry days, andvisiting flies. But who like August of all the months, fills in each detail of the rude sketch prepared for her by her preceding sisters. She rounds the apples and tinges them with sunlight hues; she bronzes the pears, and busily stores away sunbeams in fruit and vegetable; she touches each tree and flower with fuller, deeper beauty;and then October comes along, and with a dash of color here and there, and a grand final swing of the brush; completes the picture;and receives the glory. We were disappointed,very pleasantly, as to the hay harvest, and reports are now issued of a plentiful supply. Pears are exceedingly abundant and apples, all that we shall need. An advance regiment of tomatoes have arrived from the fort across the way, with tidings of a well conditioned army soon to arrive. Those who survive the present season will be quartered with us for the winter, I presume. Upon our mountain-side a city has lately been building; its cottages are exceedingly light and airy, with no superabundance to intercede with nature's way. Its inhabitants are natives of Italy's fair clime, and they are hewers and drawers of stone and earth building another mile of state road on the Massachusetts line, to meet that of New York, for the 'Old Bay State,' wishes to meet on an equal footing, always. We have enjoyed the pleasant society, and kindly influence of our editor for several weeks, and now that he has returned to his old home, miss him very much. But there would be no welcomes, unless a farewell preceded, so we shall hope~and trust, that the future may again see him at Berkshire. Fidelia Estabroolc.