MOTHER ANN LEE. By Emma B. King. ANN LEE was born February 29, 1736, in Manchester, England. She accepted the testimony of James and Jane Wardley, in 1758 and after suffering persecutions and imprisonment she embarked for America with eight of her followers, and arrived at New York on the 6th of August. Why do we commemorate this day? It is one hundred and twenty years, since Mother Ann, whom we acknowledge as the founder of our Church landed on the American shores. We celebrate the anniversary as a pleasant opportunity to renew our vows of consecration to the glorious cause which she espoused. We exalt the integrity of purpose which fitted her as a pure agent to disseminate light and truth to the world, and to reveal a way of salvation to all souls. Those who associate as Brethren and Sisters in the Virgin Order,the fruit of the revelation of God, through our Mother Ann, have a debt of gratitude, fur sacred protection, which others may not comprehend. Its blessings and beauty open anew to our minds, as we realize that one baptism, one cross and one sacrifice enable 'whosoever will' to find a spiritual home for both soul and body, under the parental guidance of God's love to mankind. We have unlimited confidence in the Christ spirit that spoke through Jesus, which gave to the world so much of truth as it was prepared to receive, and which was renewed and parfected through Mother Ann. It is only for this sacred feature of the gospel mission, that the landing of Mother Ann on the shores of America would be an event of moment to us, more than the landing of other people, either before or since. The spirit that breathed into her soul, was a purely, unselfish mission, and to this she remained faithful. We rejoice that the testimony of Mother Ann was preached in a Free Land and that this church of Christ was established upon principles which are life unto life to those who obey them. The crowning feature of the life of Mother Ann was her loyalty to principle. She suffered severe persecution at the hands of both men and women, whose favor she might have sought. Although we can not claim great experience in walking by the cross, even though surrounded by the angels of Grod, yet we honor and seek that birth of the spirit which through obedience may be ours and which was possessed by Mother Ann. She flinched not, but published the truth in its fullness, even in the midst of persecutions. Our Mother's mission was to make it possible to build and maintain homes on a spiritual communal basis, and many happy companies of Brethren and Sisters, are prospering in the union and blessing which these homes have afforded. THE MANIFESTO. 139 We have a peaceful, happy home to-day,It affords us the comforts of life, with temporal, moral and spiritual protection. This comes through the faithfulness of our gospel parents, in the seen and unseen world. But best of all, for which we are now giving thanks, is the knowledge of the Christ mission of Mother Ann, which has opened its arms as a loving father and mother, to this little band of brothers and sisters, as we stand in gospel union, and with the full assurance that we may win and wear a full crown. East Canterbury, N. H.