Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. July. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1898. 75.3 2.125 in 1899. 72.42 7. ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 92 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 50 ' Xumber of rainy days ' ' 9 ' clear ' ' ' 9 ' cloudy ' ' ' 13 July, 189:). July has been quite a hurried month. It has given us seven inches of rain which is more than the three preceding months combined gave us. July gave vegetation a verdant coloring, which gives the landscape almost a vernal bloom. Notwithstanding the scanty showers of April, May and June, their total supply of rain was only six and one fourth inches, yet garden and farm crops showed^very limited signs of drought. The garden has given TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 141 a bountiful supply of wholesome vegetables; the farm furnishes us with excellent new potatoes; the orchard gives us an ample supply of ripe apples; the nursery and berry bushes afford us a variety of small fruits. There is no danger at present of our perishing with hunger. There has been a decided improvement made on our village street; more yet remains to be done. The road-bed is coated with gravel from the cross walk,(running from our dwelling to the infirmary,) and north to the junction of the two roads; the west wall of the blacksmith pond dam has been repaired; a substantial railing has been built ou each side of the dam and the road has been gravelled, which is an improvement. The N. Y. State Koad is at the point of completion. The Mass, end is being worked. Our Ministry are at Hancock. It is a time of usual health in the Community. Calvin 0. -Reed. South Family. July, 1899. Home Notes and bird notes How do they agree? Bird notes are merry notes So should Home Notes be. Bird notes are musical Full of light and life Cheering ev'ry hearer Like the harp and fife, Manifesto Home Notes From the writers' thought, Can impart the mu-sic Which the birds have tnnght. When July laid its burdens down August rose up to the rescue; should we not as ready be to lend a helping hand in bearing the burdens of life? Ofttimes they are many and heavy for the willing few. Eldress Miriam Offord of Enfield; Conn, honored us with a visit. We were spiritually benefited by her presence and were thankful for her coming. She's just 'what God requires of her A messenger of love A minister of light and peace Her works they surely prove.' Saturday the 29th ult. we were favored with a call from our worthy friends Mr. and Mrs. Brannen of Denver, Col. Hope their next journey east will be of greater length but remembering 'short visits make long friends' we will not regret brevity. By kind invitation of our North family friends a happy band from here entered the land of Canaan, Thursday the 3rd inst. and devoted the day to blackberry pick- j ing. We found a rich harvest of that I most healthful fruit. Milk and honey we found flowing Through the berries black there growing Though the thorns were strong and great, Yet we met with kindly fate. Many thanks to northern friends All the south to them extends. Genevieve DeGraw. North Family. August, 1899. Beautiful days and bountiful harvests of berries are ours. To be sure aching backs and scratched hands must be taken with the blue sky and deluges of sunshine but if we had no stubborn discomforts to beat our wings against how could we _0 know that we had wings? The tide of summer travel casts now and then au ebbing wave upon our lawn and some of the salt and some of the silliness too of the great world ocean linger for awhile in the atmosphere about us; one to be used as a needed tonic and the other as an equally needed warning. The making of the State road promises to be no slight task. After the hard labors of the day, you may see squads of dusky-faced Italians on their errands of business or of pleasure. Poor exiles! How little they thought when playing among the olives and vines of their sunny land, a day would come when they would be laying roads among the hills of far away America. Are they homesick? Their swathy faces tell no tales. Does not God intend for us to have a kindly interest in the stranger at our gates? stranger to us but not to God. Are not we too busy or too indifferent? 142 THE MANIFESTO. It is Sunday to-day. One of those perfect days that Beecher calls a 'flower dropped over the walls of Paradise.' As usual we shall attend service at the Church family. Elder Levi, busy, burdened Elder Levi, has just come down the walk with a Sabbath peace on his face and the sound of his springy step, for lie keeps a little chapel of fadeless springtime within the hoary cathedral walls of old Time's building, and the twitter of the birds are all that break the silence. Such perfect peace! And among the islands of the Pacific are our brothers at war. Life is indeed a hard nut but there is a rich, sweet kernel within, and it takes many blows from God's hand to bring it forth. If we, like peevish children, push His hand aside and insist upon breaking the shell ourselves, we shall get the kernel all the same but not without much selfbruising. Our nation is just now learning this lesson. Think of the conference at the Hague! These are mad times, but also glad times, and best of all God's times. Will not this be one of the memorable summons of historf ? Is there not something gravely significant in the representatives of the old world of Europe and of older Asia suspending their deliberations at the Hague to celebrate our Independence Day? Do we realize what is being done in little Holland just now? To use Stead's words, 'A company of men is busy creating at the close of nineteen hundred years of nominal Christianity a court which will give the nations a chance to carry their disputes to some other judgment seat than that of war.' How all our petty cares and toils, our bread and butter strivings sink into nothing in this broad white light of promise. G. Ada Drown.