THE DIVINE OVERSHADOWING. By Hamilton DeGraw. IN all the systems of life that have in any measure evoluted out of the gross materialism which was the result or reflection of man's unspiritualized condition as he existed in the ages before the quickening of the spiritual forces, which even then, in that lowly estate, existed in embryo ready for the breath of life which, when breathed into his spirit, made him a living soul. In all those methods of expressing life there runs like threads of gold through every fibre of human existence the recognition of a power not foreign to the human finite existence. It is of a superiority far trauscending the human, and at times manifesting itself in a way that to his undeveloped soul is classified as marvelous. While not comprehending the law through which those forces are being made manifest, it has appeared at times as if they had been set aside or revoked so as to exhibit to his unfolded mind that which seems a miracle. This being the result of his ignorance, will be remedied through the expansion of the soul, and knowledge of the fact that miracles do not exist; that whatever transpires in the material or spiritual realm is guided by a law that is immutable. Tracing human life through the ramifications of its complex existence, back to the dawn of human history, and following it even into the realms which eventually merge themselves into the prehistoric, this one supreme, central idea of universal acceptance,a belief in a divine, overshadowing Presence, proves that it is the normal condition of the soul to recognize that there exists a superhuman power; and a rejection by individual entities of that fact is proof that such human minds are not in accord with the truth. A reverence for an intelligent acceptance of the truth of the existence of that infinite Presence, when it is based upon the evidence given through the highest medium for transmitting ideas,the intuitive faculty, whose perceptions of and decisions in regard to the right or wrong of a theory are not based upon the intellect alone, but when under the control of the spiritual 136 THE MANIFESTO. faculties can be used as a powerful auxiliary for good, and when thus controlled can be relied upon, for from their position in the divine plan they are superior to all others; it biing intended to have them more in harmony by recognizing all others as secondary conditions, controlled by the ever-present spirit. An unquestioning, unreasoning compliance with the fossilized dogmas of sectarianism, is not being spiritually-minded. Their paths do not run parallel nor converge. The more enlightened the soul becomes by a study and obedience to those laws which in their operation lead 'from nature up to nature's God,' the stronger the internal evidence is that to be spirituallyminded is life, joy and peace. Those external symbols, in the form of idols, intended to represent the human or animal were the lowest forms through which thi idea of infinity was represented. Outward symbol was intended to convey a manifestation of the divine spirit. That the conditions of human development made such illustrations necessary is admissible, and as they fulfilled their purpose, like a garment outgrown and worn they were rejected. Sometimes the soul through the inspiration of its higher consciousness turns iconoclast, breaking the idols that it formerly worshiped, thus clearing the way for a new and higher ideal. We can at times, with beneficial results, smite with a strong hand and indomitable will those idolatrous forms that have before our soul's vision tried to counterfeit the divine presence; if not in the form of inanimate matter, then the more condemnable when represented by ideals that have been instrumental in eclipsing our vision, causing us to be unconscious of that spiritual power which is omnipotent and ever present to the soul that is prepared for its reception. Dr. Livingston stated that the lowest types of savage life that he met in his travels, recognized the fact of a superhuman power, and a belief in the soul's immortality which has withstood the shock that has destroyed nations and races, and which at the present time is extending its benediction over the earth as never before known. It is the supreme power that has kept human life moving steadily onward and must be admitted by every one who is capable of intelligently studying the causes which have brought life up to its present standard. This consciousness of the divine presence, has been the inspiration that enabled those heroic souls who were the witnesses of the truth and commissioners of an advanced light to the world, to maintain their integrity in the face of an demoniac in its ferocity. Savanarola, when about to suffer martyrdom at the stake was accosted by the bishop with, 'I expel you from the church militant and from the church triumphant.' Savanarola replied, 'Not from the church triumphant, that is beyond your power.' A conscious recognition of the divine Presence empowered the possessor with a courage that is invincible when brought in contact with those powers which are seeking to suppress an open expression of the truth. In the hum- THE MANIFESTO. 137 ble walks of life, among those on whose brow fame has never placed her laurel wreath, are souls who are living in the conscious presence of that everlasting life. They have given all for the advancement of the truth and are ready to suffer that its principles may be triumphant and human life exalted, moved forward one step farther toward its great and mighty destiny. We can not accept the views advanced by certain so-called reformers, that the race is becoming more materialistic and the moral tone of human society is on the descending scale. Such souls must be living in the lower realms of their being. Such views are too horrible to contemplate, and we turn from them to view life's brighter side. Shakers, N. Y.