'HE PASSED BY ON THE OTHER SIDE.' Bead before the Church at Northfield, N. H., Sunday, June 4, 1S99. By Sarah F. Wilson. TTTE have often read the touching narrative of the man who fell among VV thieves and was severely wounded while on his journey from Jerusalem to Jericho; of the Priest and Levite who passed that way, and seeing his need}' condition very cautiously 'passed by on the other side.' Next came the good Samaritan, who tenderly bent over the injured man, providing most generously for his needs. We may be more familiar with the incidents of the parable than with the Priest and Levite conditions in our own lives, as well as the good Samaritan qualities. Let us learn which of the illustrations will most closely fit our conduct. The Priest and Levite represented special classes serving as ministers to the people, held in their estimation nearer to God than any other order. That they had been the chosen instruments from the early history of God's people, seemed to have no weight with them at the critical moment when a practical service was needed; there was no ritual or ceremonial ob- 132 THE MANIFESTO servance that required the Piiest or Levite to pause and care for the wounded and dying man. They were, perhaps, hastening to Jerusalem to offer sacrifice unto God in the Temple. Sacrifice in the Temple! There are temples of God's construction, whose temples we are; yea, the temples of our bodies which should be so fully dedicated to his service that all our faculties will be employed in benefactions toward our fellow-man. In this service we recognize, not only the Fatherhood above us, but the brotherhood arouud us. It is not our province, however, to condemn the Priest and Levite of the past; their ears had never heard the blessed sound of the Christ message, 'Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these, my brethren, ye have done it unto me,' neither had they learned the truth, 'If ye love not your brother whom ye have seen, how can ye love God, whom ye have not seen?' Their example is quite unlike that of some of our devoted ministers and missionaries of to-day. The Rev. Charles Sheldon gives an ideal picture in one of his books, (but one that we hope may be verified) of a minister of the gospel, living in an aristocratic part of the city, moving from his gorgeously fitted parish in a wealthy locality, to dwell in a humbler position nearer the more needy population, wiiose homes were in the tenement houses, that he might work among the non-church-going classes. What was the result of* this step? He was dismissed from the Church by the vote of its wealthy members ! Had he 'passed by on the other side,' hardening his heart to the crying needs of the common people, what would have been his reward? An extended popularity and support in a luxurious parish while ministering to a class of people upon whom Jesus Christ would have pronounced the sentence, 'Woe unto you that are rich, for ye have received your consolation.' He would have missed that sweet reward from the Father which came to him in the assurance that he was reaching and saving those who most felt the need of a good Physician. Thus, to pass on the side where there is more regard for popularity than right principle is always taking the unchristian side, whether in Church work, in business, or in political life. The question arises,Why do we so often 'pass by on the other side?' Is it not to avoid the self-sacrifice that is required should we press unflinchingly forward in the path of duty ? But rendering the service of our lives merely from a sense of duty is synonomous to morality, alone. Did the good Samaritan act merely from a sense of duty or for human approval? The sympathy and love of his heart was touched and moved in compassion and piactical helpfulness. No other element than the true love of God can be applied to his far-reaching kindness. A life prompted merely by even the honorable obligation of faithfulness in duty will never constitute us the true disciples of Jesus Christ. 'Duty is morality but Love is religion.' The Samaritan, although from an idolatrous nation had more of the gospel of love in his soul, than could be found in all the documents of the law. THE MANIFESTO. 133 Was Jesus Christ ever known to 'pass by on the olher side' when the lame, the halt, the blind, or even the leper sought his aid? The pages of sacred history are not once stained with such a betrayal of selfishness. Thus we have a perfect example, as a living reality to follow ; not an ideal picture, an artistic sketch, or a work of the imagination. Do we 'pass by on the other side' only when in connection with others? Ah, nay; we have an inner life. A new connection dawns upon our thought. Shall we obey it? That obrdience involves the sacrifice of some idol we have long cherished ; some mammon god we have worshiped. We can not sacrifice it, we argue, it would be hardly reasonable. Oh this harmful compromise ! It leads us to 'pass by on the other bide.' What would we not gain by obedience to that conviction. '-Nearer my God to Thee, e'en though it be a cross that ruiseth me.' A nearness to God we should gain by bearing that cross, but compromise with conscience, the voice of God, leads to the other side. Again, how many opportunities we pass by, conscious of the pressing need of that very work being accomplished, yet we deceive and persuade ourselves that we are not qualified for that particular mission, thus we pass by on the other side. How much talent we find reserved for personal, selfish enjoyment which, if laid out broadly either in home life or in community work would better, not only the conditions around us, but would widen and brighten the horizon of our own lives ! The opening for service comes to us all in different ways, not only according to our various conceptions of right, and willingness of heart, bit kindly adapted to our different stations in life. At some time in our lives, we may, in our Christian zeal, long to do some more important work for Christ than that which has engaged our hands aud heart. They are rather commonplace needs, we think, and we have met them so frequently that our minds have become hardened to their existence, therefore we look beyond for our Christian work. If the beyond should come to us, it would find us unfitted for the work, not having grown the ability for greater things, by faithfulness in the grains of life,the very service we have overlooked. There is one great reason why so many pass by on the side other than that of the immediate call of the spirit. There is a plank of excuse put? down, and it bears us safely over, but we find ourselves on unhallowed ground. Is this not always a plank of selfish interest? The difficulties experienced by the rich young Ruler, is the same to-day. An excuse was in his heart if not on his lips before the great sacrifice to be made of all his wealth; hence, with all his goodness under the law, like the Priest and Levite, he passed by on the other side of the direct and unmistakable call of the Christ. Spiritual aspiration dies, aud is often buried under the superabundance of wealth. The luxurious life, the selfish pleasure-seeking life can have no part in the Christ life. The good Samaritan is much needed in the earth today, represented by Christian men and women who will rescue those who are 134 THE MANIFESTO. falling among thieves. Aye ! many of the pure and innocent are daily falling among thieves,who rob them of honor and virtue leaving them homeless, heartless, courageless, before the struggle of life. May the authority of Christ become so potent in our country that these moral thieves and robbers may be arrested before the evil is perpetrated, and thus not only morality but true, royal and loyal Christianity be preserved in our hearts, our homes, and in our community at large. Let us no longer pass by on the other side of the field of 'present opportunity' that opens so liberally before us in service for the Master, but with the Quaker poet let us remember that we 'may not pass this way again; therefore if there is any 'good thing I may do, let me do it Now.' East Canterbury, N. H.