Union Village, O. August, 1899. We have very good roads around our Village, and our Supervisor, Bro. J. H. Fennessey, has very thoroughly gravelled them this summer as well as made many other improvements over our farms and premises; being our farm deacon as well as one of the Trustees. During the last eighteen months he has built many new fences, and cleared many places of rubbish, such as weeds, briars, fence-rails sticks and stones,so that as I pass around the premises, I see many places altogether improved. I call this one of the emphatic ways of keeping the Gospel. For all this is in perfect accordance with our blessed Mother's testimony and teaching. Last Sabbath, I read a discourse in our morning meeting, from the writings of Thomas A.Kempis, on 'The joy of a good Conscience,' and I think if we all would see to it that we keep that richest of pearls pure and unsoiled, we will enjoy even our temporal blessings in far more perfection and peace. It is said that temporal and spiritual go together, and this is truenevertheless, the former must move, live, and have its being and actually emanate from the latter. Our yards are full of flowers, which give out their fragrance and beauty on every hand, and point to the Great Architect, whose wisdom and love, truth and goodness purity and peace, mercy and forgiveness, are deep and substantial, not only, but sublime and ornamental. But we are too far from any profitable market to make merchandise of our flowers, as they do at Alfred, Me., and as for Lebanon our county seat, one dandelion posy would glut the market there. So we must be contented with looking at them, which indeed is a great comfortfor 'a thing of beauty is a joy forever.' We are enjoying excellent health, and there is not a healthier location on earth than Union Village, Warren Co., O. Some 30 acres of our wheat yielded 29 bu. to the acre (amounting to 8*70 bus.) We have about 6500 bushels of wheat this season but some of it was somewhat damaged by sprouting in the shock. However, we will not complain about that seeing we have been so abundantly blessed in. our basket and store the present season. Some of our oats yielded 50 bus. to the acre. We also have barley and rye and an excellent crop of potatoes. What we should like would be for some of our good Brethren and Sisters from the Eastern Country to come out here and settle right down on our vacated premises, and enjoy the comfort and blessing of the same. They would find such a good place to make a living out of the soil and an abundant welcome from the Society here. I wish The Manifesto prosperity and success and also all its editors and publishers. O. C. Hampton.