A Farewell to Elder BENJAMIN H. SMITH. By Josephine E. Wilson. HOW reluctantly the word of parting is framed by the lips even to dear ones who are about to leave us for a few weeks or months, only, of absence. The hope of reunion remains with us, lightens our daily task, and brightens the darkest hour of life. 'They will return !' Even after years of separation, we speak happily of the 'coming home.' But ah! how different 'when the last farewelHs spoken; severed the last, tender tie,' then the law is irrevocable; the}7 have crossed the bourne whence no traveler ever returns. Gradually, day by day, the verity grows upon us. We find ourselves unconsciously planning for 'when they return.' We knew so well the little human things which formed a part of the earth life! We knew so well the richness of their experience, and unwittingly we say, 'when they return' all this will be renewed. It takes time, to realize that the voice of a loved one is forever hushed to the household, that 'Nevermore' on this side shall we hear the step or meet the glance always so welcome; but all this comes,ah, but too surely. Elder Benjamin has joined the invisible 'brotherhood of souls.' 'His reward is with him and his works do follow him.' The memory of these loving works will ever follow us, for who was so kind to respond to the many calls of his large 'household of Faith?' Who so conscientious that all his handiwork should keep close to the perfect pattern of the Master Workman, who drew his affections in early days. 'Elder Benjamin is a good man.' These simple words fell as a benediction from the lips of our sainted mother, Eldress Dorothy, during one of her last conscious moments. It is pleasant at this parting hour to repeat them, though in her memory they were enshrined in an acquaintance of a life-time. During the last months of feebleness it has been ours to minister, rather than to be ministered unto, and as THE MANIFESTO. 135 we realize, to-day, that the round of life and daily service has really closed for the present, the 'Augel of the Heart' whispers, 'We know not when the dear ones will leave us. Let each day, then, bear the fulness of Christian service, that the sunset of life may fade upon no regrets.' The good father has been gathered to 'his own' among the 'conquerors of Time.' They draw our hearts after them into the 'Beyond,' but our footsteps linger still longer upon the strands of earth, while memory holds sacred the good life, the full measure, the kind brotherhood, the useful manhood that has so gently been drawn away from us into the holier sphere. East Canterbury, N. H.