Correspondence. Elder R. M. Messick, Dear Friend... Star Ada Co., Idaho. Elder R. M. Messick, Dear Friend ;Your letter of February 19th at hand and finds us in usual health, for which we are indeed thankful to the Giver of all blessings temporal and spiritual. 'You say my views on married life are all wrong and not in harmony with God's word.' Jesus in all his teachings, by exam- THE MANIFESTO. 153 pie and precept, taught a life of purity, such as is not found on the Adamic plane. He said 'All men can not receive this saying save they to whom it is given. He that is able to receive it let him receive it.' If one must become emasculated to enter the kingdom of heaven, all must or not enter. It is an inward work. Paul told the Corinthians that the unmarried cared for the things of the Lord, but the married cared for the things of the world how they could please their husbands and wives.1 Cor. vii., 3234. 'So then they that are in the flesh can not please Grod.'Rom. viii.,8. In my last letter I requested a solution of the above, but you were silent, yet it clearly specifies who those are which care for the Lord and those who care for the things of the world. John says 'all there is in the world the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye and the pride of life is not of the Father but is of the world.'' You say marriage is a divine institution; if divine, why is it under the entire control of the civil law? Abraham, to whom you refer, was under the law, as all are who do not accept the life and example of Jesus the Christ. You say 'when the Millennium comes then marriage will cease.' To every faithful follower of Christ the Millennium has appeared, and marriage ceases with them. Jesus said, 'The children of this world marry but they which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world neither marry or are given in marriage.' Peter says there will be a new heavens and new earth wherein shall dwell righteousness. You say that you infer from my leiter that I am not now with my wife. It is with me as Paul said, 'This I say brethren, the time is short; it remain eth that both they that have wives be as though they had none.'-l Cor. vii., 29. The meaning conveyed is, that they live as virgins, wholly abstaining from the gratifications of the flesh. Paul says 'They that are of Christ Jesus have crucified the flesh with the passions and the lusts thereof.' The keys Peter received of Christ unlocked to him the great mystery of godliness and he had a desire to know the truth for he said to Jesus; 'Lo ! we have left all and followed thee.' And Jesus said, 'Verily I say unto you, there is no man that has left house or brethren or sisters or father or mother or wife or children but shall receive an hundred fold now in this time and in the world to come eternal life.' In the hundred fold promised in return there is no wife but persecution is mentioned in lieu thereof. In his first epistle he said ; 'Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers * and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lusts which war against the soul.'1 Peter ii., 11. You say no one can be saved without immersion into water. To be baptized into Christ is to be baptized into his death to sin, for millions are baptized in water and still remain out of Christ. 'For by one spirit are we all baptized into one body or church,' which is the church of Christ. Give me the baptism by the spirit into the Christ life then I know I am saved from sin and by no other baptism can anyone find salvation. Your friend, Wii. W. Bellmike.