THE ART OF GOVERNMENT. By Henry C. Farmer. T I ^HE present war in the Philippines has caused much discussion in the JL daily-newspapers and literary publications, and the paramount question seems to hang on the Jeffersonian opinion that there should be no government without the consent of the governed, or in other words, that no government or country, the United States, for instance, should attempt to subjugate, control or govern any people without first obtaining their consent or ascertaining if such action would be approved by any country or people it might be our fortune to have power over. 150 THE MANIFESTO. I have alluded to this matter, not to discuss it but to apply it to the government of a household. There must be a director, a person in authority, who shall have full charge, complete control in minor as well as in more essential matters, for without such an officer there would be the most dire confusion. It is imminently necessary that there should be a center which all things should revolve around in order that everything have its proper bearing to preserve its equilibrium, and that there be no friction ; without this center,this governor, no system would be successful; no good results, no benefit be derived by members of a family or nation. If the system is a wise one, administered for the common good of all which is generally the intention of the persons in authoritythen success is sure to follow and a benefit to all is assured. Then the governed should yield a ready compliance to all rules and regulations of the government or officers when the affairs of a family or country are honestly and faithfully administered. But the rules and regulations of a family, a community, or a country should be based on the law of equal justice to all,justice tempered with mercy. A careful diagnosis is made by a wise physician, the remedies and treatment decided on, then the patient must faithfully and rigidly follow the direction, the rules which the wise physician has prescribed else the result may be most disastrous; in the same manner and with the same care must the affairs of a family, a community, or a country be obeyed, or the results will be anything but satisfactory. The governor of a state; the judge on the supreme bench ; the officers of a community; all persons in authority have annoyances, trials and perplexities of which the persons having no such responsibilities have no conception and consequently, cau not realize or appreciate the situation. The governed should acquiesce cheerfully and willingly in all reasonable rules, for this is not only making it more agreeable and easy to such officers but is more satisfactory to the persons yielding to them. No abject manner; no humiliating one's self is necessary ; one has only to do this in a manly or womanly manner, fearlessly and honestly. But the governing power owes a duty to those not in authority, and wise managers will not govern with an iron hand, but will administer the affairs of their office in a mild and gentle manner, that good results may follow; will approach those dependent on them as if they had good news to tell; it is not only what is said, but hoiv it is said that produces the desired effect and to which all persons will, usually, quickly respond. Discipline can be maintained sufficiently and with better effect if justice is tempered with leniency and mercy. There are cases where certain laws, rules and regulations seem harsh, unnecessary and uncalled for, but we must bear in mind that such laws are made not to control persons who do not need stringent measures, but to re- THE MANIFESTO. 151 strain the lawless element, to control persons who, otherwise would not live up to the requirements of society unless they were compelled to do so by such laws. There is only one way to make the affairs of a nation, or a family, a great success, and that is for all to work for the good of others, for the common good, to have confidence in each other, to have no jealousies, to extend to others the same treatment which one wishes accorded to himself, to follow the golden rule, 'Do unto others as you would they should do unto you.' The provident manager of a household, stores his granary which is still overflowing when it is spring and seed-time and the dearth of winter nearly past; let us, then, apply this to ourselves and store our minds to repletion with good resolutions to govern ourselves wisely, to faithfully perform our duties, and we will find ourselves met in kindred spirit and will have discovered 'The Art of Government.' Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.