MOTHER ANN LEE. T I 1HIS is a befitting opportunity to renew our vows of consecration to the _l_ noble cause which she espoused. We exalt the integrity of purpose which fitted her as a pure agent to disseminate light and truth to the world, clearly defining the nature of sin and revealing a way of salvation therefrom to all souls. Those who are blest to associate as Brethren and Sisters in the Virgin order which is the fruit of the revelation of God through Mother Ann, have a debt of gratitude to render for sacred protection and liberty which no others comprehend. Its blessing and beauty open anew to our minds as we realize that one baptism, one cross and one sacrifice enables whosoever will, to find a spiritual home for both soul and body, under the parental guidance of God's love to mankind. We have unlimited confidence in that Christ which spoke through Jesus of Nazareth, giving to the world as much of truth as it was then prepared to receive, and which was opened afresh and finally perfected, through Mother Ann. Only for this sacred feature connected with the journey, the landing of Ann Lee on the shores of America would be an event of no more moment to us than the landing of hundreds of people, before or since. The spirit breathed into her soul, opening to her a purely unselfish mission to which she ever remained faithful. We rejoice that the testimony of Mother Ann was preached in a free land, and that this blessed church was established upon principles which are life unto life to those who obey them. The crowning feature of her life was loyalty to principle. She was opposed and severely persecuted by both men and women whose favor she might have sought, but she reviled not. We honor and seek that birth of the spirit, which through obedience may be ours, and which was possessed by Mother Ann so that she flinched not before her duty but published the truth in all its might, receiving often in return great persecution with malice and enmity against the Christ testimony. The mission of Mother Ann made it possible to build and maintain homes on a spiritual, communal basis, and many happy communistic homes of Brethren and Sisters, prospering in each other's union and blessing have been the result of this suffering and labor. We have a peaceful, happy home, blest with the comforts of life, with temporal, moral and spiritual protection by the faithfulness of our parents in the seen and unseen worlds. Above and beyond all for which we give thanks is the knowledge of her Christian mission which has opened its arms as a loving fatherland mother, enabling us, if we are so minded, to stand as brothers and sisters in gospel union and equality in Christ. THE MANIFES TO. 155 We are members of a Church which should be 'without spot or wrinkle,' a faith which is as the 'keys of the Kingdom,' a light which showeth us the 'exceeding righteousness' demanded of 'his people' a relationship which claimeth 'he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and sister, and mother;' an inheritance which makes us heirs of the kingdom, 'joint heirs with Christ.' With such a legacy what shall the future of our church biing forth? Shall it not be an hundred fold of the fruits of the Spirit? The 'Spirit and the Bride' demand it of those who would 'enter in through the gates into the City.' East Canterbury, N. H.