MOVE ON! By Eider Henry C. Blinn. IN the Providence of God, Move on! Keep moving on ! ! Move on toward improved conditions for society, where men may have confidence in men, that the best interests of society may be conserved. Move on toward an individual cultivation in self-denial and into a high appreciation of practical righteousness. Moving on seems to be so in harmony with the creation or the revelation of God1 that we have every inducement to accept the sacred privilege. Whatever variations in life are for the better, moving oh toward goodness is indeed, moving on toward God. The whole creation seems to share in the universal evolution, and to work as was designed by the laws of nature. We may well contemplate with astonishment the wonderful work that has been wrought in all that pertains to life, since the day it was called into existence. Moving On, best expresses our idea of the successive changes that have taken place on the earth. The animate and inanimate, more or less, share in the general law. The rivulets and rivers are moving on toward the sea, and even the great oceans themselves are moving upward to form the clouds, and then moving down again to fulfill their mission over the whole earth. Individuals, families and nations are moving on from ignorance and barbarity to higher and higher forms of education, and to a wonderful progress in civilization. Human kindness is being more largely developed in merciful forms toward the weak and simple-minded of our own race, and then toward 146 THE MANIFESTO. all the lower orders of animal life. Man is growing in this divine revelation,the merciful man is merciful to all the creation of God. There can be no limit to the distance to which this may move on, in its mission of peace on the earth. During that period of time which we are pleased to call the 'Stone Age,' we read of man, only, as a wild and savage race, and but a slight remove from the wild beasts. Happily for us, man also moved on to another age, and to better and better conditions for the race. We now anticipate a brighter age than ever has been, as the light continues to shine and the hope of the millennium may not be so very far distant. That anticipated season is certainly coming, is moving on, if it be not already at our door. People who stand in their own light, and are determined not to see how beautifully the knowledge of God is beginning to cover the earth, must make the pilgrimage of life a sad, dreary journey, as has been largely the case with the religious world. That has moved at a less accelerated speed than some of the above as it has multiplied a thousand different forms of belief and ceremonies, till it is more of a wonder, than otherwise, that its progress as a whole has been so fortunate. In this year of our Lord, religion, with many persons, means honesty in trade, truthfulness in speech and kindness to man and beast. This form of religion, though destitute of all ceremony, is quite acceptable throughout the whole world. There has been a time when the making of a fetish or the praying to one was called religion. A stick or stone became the representative of a wonderful power. As time moved on, a creed or a ceremony became the vital point on which to form a judgment respecting religion. But in common with everything else, religion has been forced to move on, and although at a snail's pace, fetish, worship and churchal dogmas have largely given place to other forms and systems, more in accordance with the civilization of the age. Religionists from an early date have made capital of the errors of mankind, and have not failed to afflict and to anathematize all who dared to differ from their established form, either on points of faith, or doctrine. The horrors of religious persecution have marched by the side of religious zeal, from age to age, rushing the masses into a baptism of blood, that for fiendishness has not its parallel in the history of heathenism. In the Apocalypse may be read, a vision which illustrates a religious beast, having no less than seven heads and ten horns. This hideous creature was able to draw down, with his magnetic tail, not less than a third part of the stars of heaven. As repellent as the picture is, commentators of all shades of religious belief have charged it upon each other, that their religion embodied this dragon-like representation. Traces of this unchristian spirit are occasionally discovered, even at the present date, but as the world is obliged to 'Move On,' this form of cruelty will evidently grow less and less till it THE MANIFESTO. , 147 will, finally, all fade away and become things and experiences of the past. Dark and sinful days may corne to individuals who neglect to watch, or like the foolish virgins who fail to replenish their lamps with oil, but it may be with them as with the hypocrites of whom Jesus said,'Verily, verily, I say unto you, They have their reward.' One most beautiful relief to this sad picture is found in the life of Jesus. His mission of self-denial and soul consecration assures us that the spirit of God still dwells among men, and that even the religious element is moving on, and that righteousness is growing in the earth. This light, so effulgent, agreeably to the prophetic voice, must yet fill the whole earth with its glory, and transform the kingdoms of this world into the kingdoms of our Lord. East Canterbury, N. H.