White Oak, Ga. Sept. 1899. To-day the first brick of our enlarged Southern home was laid by a son of Ham, and we are glad to record progress and encouraging prospects. Ten months ago a small company from Union Village and White Water, Ohio, accompanied the beloved Western Ministry to this location, close to the town of White Oak, in the extreme south east county of Georgia to found another center of spiritual life and light as understood and enjoyed by the 'people called Shakers.' A few persons from the South joined us and in a beautiful Southern mansion with abundant acreage, timber, fish, sea-breeze, promising fruit we daily perform our duty, asking God's blessing upon our labors. This newly-acquired estate of 10,000 acres is peculiarly adapted to stock raising and dairy purposes and is located on the F. C. &amp; P. K. R. midway between the important cities of Brunswick, Ga., and Jacksonville, Fla., and extends to within six miles of the Atlantic swell,in fact the tide steals up to our asparagus bed not 100 yards from the house. We have already proved that our home farm is capable of raising 50 bu. of corn per acre, and 300 lbs. of pumpkin per vine, and sweet potatoes to astonish even New Jersey. Asparagus equals anything North, and melons, wellthey are at home here, and just enjoy growing 'big and beluscious' as the darkey declares. Thirty of our lange-fed cattle were rounded up for sale, a few days ago, and all were surprised at their fat and healthy condition. On another branch of our possessions, a $10,000 crop of excellent rice is being harvested, and this will very materially help to raise the new and conveniently modern 90x40 two-story extension to our home. Our climate is not accompanied with more, but probably less disadvantages than Maine, Minnesota or Mississippi, and there is much good to rejoice over and share every way and alway. We humbly and confidently look to the divine Spirit to gather to us an earnest, self-conquering, spiritually Christ-baptized company to carry on the work of the pure gospel of love in labor and life our precious heritage and present and eternal hope and heaven. The Ministry of the West expect to spend the winter with us, and we hope to welcome them next month. We feel waves of loving interest and spiritual blessing, reaching and touching us from so many believers in other homes. We send back the overflow' of our thankful hearts to you all, and pray that big billows may break in blessing on every shore of our rock-bound Zion. Elder Charles Faraday or Eldress Laura Fridger will gladly give any further information desired. Let us do right as we eat good food, not for reward but for health. Courtney Rundelle.