THE VIRGIN RELATION. By Alonzo G. Hollister. WHEN the rich young man came running and kneeled before Jesus, and asked him Good Teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life? Jesus answered, 'If thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments.' The 148 THE MANIFESTO. man said, 'Which?' Jesus replied, 'Thou shalt not kill; Thou shalt not commit adultery; Thou shalt not steal; Thou shalt not bear false witness ; Thou shalt honor thy father and thy mother; Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.' The man said, 'All these have I kept from my youth up. What lack I yet?' # , A good man it seems, according to his own account of himself ; but he was not satisfied with the life given in these commandments. Jesus looked upon him, and loved him ; gauged himtook his measure. Then he said, 'One thing thou lackest; If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven, and come follow me.' Several things may be learned from this relation. First, that one may enter into life simply by keeping those commandments which enjoin us to do good and to abstain from eviland still not be a follower of Christ, nor have treasure in heaven. Second, to follow Christ and have treasure in heaven of eternal life, one must, in addition to keeping the commandments, renounce earthly possessions if he have any, and be joined in associated and consecrated service with the members who are of Christ's body. Third, for those who selfishly cherish earthly possessions, this requires a change of heart. For where the treasure is there will the heart be also. If the heart is set upon earthly things, it can not be upon heavenly things, for no man can serve two masters. That the reign of the heavens abolishes all private ownership is confirmed by what follows. The young man went away sorrowing for he had great possessions. Observing this, Jesus said to his disciples, 'It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.' Then Peter began to say to him, 'Lo, we have left all and followed thee.' That there might be no mistake, Jesus said, 'Verily I say to you, there is no man who has left house or brethren or sisters or father or mother or wife, or children or lands for my sake and the gospel, who will not receive a hundred fold now in this time, houses and brethren, sisters and mothers, and children and lands, with persecution and in the world to come eternal life.' This can be fulfilled only in the order of communal life, such as was practiced in the primitive Christian church at Jerusalem,such as we are called by the instruction and training we have been privileged to receive, to set an example of, before the world. Is not the reward more than commensurate with the sacrifice we are called to make ? We voluntarily lay off that which is self-limited and perishing, full of conflict and unrest in exchange for which we are promised a hundred fold in this life of all we need for life's support, with life everlasting that has no flaw, to complete our joy when the goal has been won and all conflict is ended. THE MANIFESTO. 149 Jesus declared that heaven and earth shall pass away, but my word shall not pass away. That is, the heaven and earth built upon the selfish, natural life of the world in its highest reach of perfectness. It is limited, full of antagonism and subject to death, designed from its beginning to pass away, that it might be supplanted by the spiritual and eternal, which is revealed to us in the word that shall not pass away. And this is the -word which is preached to us in the gospel of virgin purity,and of love in self-sacrifice and mutual serving, ultimating in complete death to the old man and old woman, and the birth and growth unto highest perfection and harmony of the new creature in the anointed Savior. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.