NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. August. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Kain. 72.4 10.75 in 1899. 69 1.75 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 84 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 48 Number of rainy days ' ' 5 ' ' clear ' ' ' 11 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 15 Sept. 1899. It is harvest time in this quarter of our Masterly Globe. We are gathering apples, pears, sweet corn, potatoes, etc, all of these look so perfect in form, and are of such excellent quality, we might imagine they grew in the garden of Eden. In hrashing our grain, the oats turned out over fifty bushels to the acre; rye yielded in proportion. We have a full supply of garden products from vegetables, fruits, and roots each in its season. The weathr being so dry during April, May and June our meadows did not yield the amount of hay they did last year, consequently there will not be so many tons to sell. We shall have enough to supply home stock. The standard of our moral obligations we endeavor to bear aloft both by precept and example. In our connection here we find, Many men of diverse minds, Many men who choose to stray And their foolishness display. Many who their wills control, Exhibiting a dingy soul, There's a few who still declare, By the Truth their lives they square.* The health of Community, generally, good. There are some who can not always stand erect under the pressure of Life's burdens and so need the help of a good physician. Elder Arthur Bruce gave us a short call on Aug. 28th, which was very pleasant. It increases our love which is the life of the soul. Calvin Q. Eeed. South Family. Sept. 1899. 'The world moves' bringing to us blessings, rich and many. The new highway is rapidly approaching completion; the traveling public are watching and waiting for the good time coming, when the old road shall be no more, and the crooked, winding ways of the old mountain road will give place to the strait path where the wayfarer can travel without a fear. Brothers, Frederic McKechnie and Daniel OffordSisters, Eldress Anna White, Sarah Burger and Cecelia DeVere who attended the Peace Convention at Mystic, Conn., on Sunday afternoon, the 27th ult. gave a rehearsal of the meetings, in the TERMS. THE MANIFESTO. 157 Hall of the Church family. As we listened to their remarks we were more and more convinced that the 'world moves,' and that goodness is filling the souls of men. Elder George Clark, of Enfield, Conn., called here on a sunny morning in Aug. and in the afternoon Elder Arthur Bruce of East Canterbury paid us a hurried visit. The 'world moves' and so they could not tarry long, for the call to all is Forward. We shall much regret the passing away of The Manifesto, it was such a pleasing medium of communication with friends far and near, but the 'world moves' and all things of this world must pass away, but the word of eternal truth and light which we have sought to publish in the earth can never die. Genevieve De Grata. North Family. Sept. 1899. The beautiful autumn weather of September, clear and sunny, yet cool, finds us with haying all finished, potatoes almost all in, and rye and other grain crops safely housed. We are now awaiting the arrival of a portion of our corncutting machinery from the repairer, and then we shall be able to cut the ensilage corn that is to feed our milk-producers throughout the approaching winter. Of fall apples we had a very plentiful supply from our Eed Astrakhan, Twenty Ounce, and other trees. Winter apples still remain to be gathered, so soon as they shall ripen, and though they are not over-abundant we shall yet have enough, and that as the proverb tells us is as good as a feast. Our bee-keeping experiment has been quite a success. From our five hives we have so far, taken 100 lbs. of honey and expect to get yet more before winter comes. Meantime the bees, angry at the robbery of their stores, are continually on the alert to sting any one who comes near their homes, or else diligently search into belated squash and bean blossoms for the means to make up that 'more' which we are expecting. We have received in printed form copies of a vote of thanks from the authorities of New Lebanon, expressing appreciation of our liberality in donating right-of-way for the New State highway that runs through our lands. Such tokens of the good-will of our neighbors are valuable and to be valued, and we feel correspondingly grateful for them. In concluding these Notes we have only to mention that a few of us had the privilege of visiting the 34th Annual Conference of the Universal Peace Union at Mystic, Conn, towards the end of August. It was very pleasant to meet with so many lovers of the cause of peace and good-will among nations. We are all agreed that peace and good-will between individuals is the only right thing. Those who met at this conference met to maintain that it is also the only right thing between nations. We derived much good from our brief intercourse here, and believe that vs e also ministered good and the whole aim of life can be summed up can it not?in these few brief words, to give and to get good. Frederic McKechnie. Shakers, N. Y. Sept. 1899. Well, so we must say goodbye to The Manifesto! It is like saying farewell and giving the hand shake to a friend from whom we are being parted, and whom we do not expect to again meet until we clasp hands on the other side of the mystic river. It causes a feeling of sadness to come over our spirit and a regret that conditions necessitate such a change. Longfellow beautifully expresses the sentiments that should dominate the soul under such conditions. 'As one by one thy hopes depart Be resolute and calm; O fear not in a world like this And thou shalt know ere long, Know how sublime a thing it is To suffer and be strong.' While we are penning these lines by the light of the evening lamp we realize plain- 158 THE MANIFESTO. ly the presence of some of those saints who have journeyed on and they minister hope and courage; they were faithful unto the end and our prayer is may we be worthy to follow in their footsteps; and may those who to-day, here in earth life, are bearing the brunt of the battle to sustain the cause and uphold the principles of the higher life be comforted and strengthened. The trend of thought manifested in the writings of the advanced thinkers, religious or political, point very plainly to the culmination of another of those wonderful cycles that, as mile-stones, mark human progress; and the race is entering upon a new cycle that will bring to the front powers that have in the past laid dormant, and by their use human life will be lifted higher in the scale of spiritual evolution. The testimony that Believers have held forth, that a denial of the attractions of the lower life and a spiritual growth away from those conditions is necessary for a development of the spiritual life is stronger to-day in the world than ever, and though sects and parties may rise and then decay, that truth will remain forever a beacon light showing the way to attain to those treasures that perish not with their using. Hamilton DeGraw. East Canterbury N. H. Sept. 1899. The foliage, already turning to view its fast fall colors, and the bleak winds, so familiar to September and its followers in New Hampshire, are striking the death knell of our short-lived Summer. Of small fruits she offered us a bounty, and we were quick to seize a goodly share during her prime. Now that she is leaving us, we are pleased to find ourselves entitled to valuable property in the shape of cranberries, grapes, butternuts, with a promise of our full share of chestnuts and beechnuts when Jack Frost is ready to help us. The cutting of ensilage is now in progress. 400 tons of corn, 15 ft. tall will yet come under the power of McCormick's Corn Binder. The more we use this machine the better we like it. Nothing that chews the cud and parts the hoof will suffer when supplies are safely stored in the three huge silos. While squashes are not considered in quality quite as good as last year, 1038 are now at hand for winter storage and demolition. Day school opens this month, in common with neighboring ones, twenty-seven pupils in prospect. Our full order of Ministry visited the Society at Enfield, N. H., between Aug. 28 and Sept. 15, and are now at home once more. Jessie Evans. Enfield, N. H. Sept. 1899. It was with heartfelt sorrow we read the notice of the intended suspension of our Manifesto, whose pages for many years have helped to cheer us along life's way. Our Society as a whole has had an extra fine trade in Fancy Goods this season. The Sisters of both families who attended fairs and went to hotels to sell their articles, have put into the family purses sums of money, pleasing to the eyes of all. During the past month the writer with Eldress Eosetta Cummings and six Sisters, of the Church order, spent two days at the Lake Sunapee Spiritualist's Camp Meeting. There we met an old-time friend Dr. J. M. Peebles, of Battle Creek, Mich., who delivered a lecture upon his travel and experiences in India. His kindly remembrances of Elder Frederick Evans and recital of their doings while in England, were very pleasing. On Sabbath evening, nothing would do but we must occupy the platform and sing and speak in their conference meeting. At time of writing, we are entertaining Elder Abraham Perkins of East Canterbury. THE MANIFESTO. 159 We see that time has laid no severe hand upon him. We can say as we think of his 92 years of lifeVirtue pays those who prefer soul-elevating influences and pleasures to those that debase and degrade. Even blessed are those whose lives have ebbed away many years below the life-mark Elder Abraham has attained, having given their all to the work of human advancement. Consoling is the knowledge, 'Not all earth's denizensthe human race To sensual life their noblest pow'rs have given On history's page this glowing truth we trace, That souls for high and glorious aims have striven.' George H. Baxter.