REFORM. By Frederic McKechnie. T I TEMPTED in all points like as we are, Jesus, the Nazarene, must have _L faced the same temptations that to-day assail many an earnest soul. For, whoever has a heart to feel or a brain to think, and looks at the condition of things around him to-day, both near and far, can not help becoming possessed of a longing desire to do something to better conditions. We can not blind our eyes to the fact that all is not as it should be. We would fain help. After long and painful pondering, at last we think we see the cure. The erring nations need no longer err, we say in all good faith; we know how to set them right. Those who walk in crooked paths, if they will only be guided by us, will be set in straight places. Ignorance and sin shall no longer have dominion, for we have the light that will banish all such darkness. Only let us flash it in the sight of a bewildered world, and that world will instantly hail us as its deliverer. Self-love is aroused. We are overpowered by the subtle tempter, and forthwith become eager and zealous reformersof somebody else. 'Get thee behind me, Satan!' That is the only reply to be made to this and to every other offer of the deceiver. 'Get thee behind me, for it is written, thou shalt love the Lord thy God, and Him only shalt thou serve.' Thou shalt not serve self under this or any other specious disguise. Thou shalt serve 'Him only.' So it is written, and so it is felt, whenever the better self is allowed to speak. To Jesus, the temptation, to go up to Jerusalem, enter the schools of the Rabbis, and as a spiritual teacher make a name for himself outshining that of the illustrious Hillel himself, must have come with terrible strength. But, he put the sweet cup from him, and mended 152 THE MANIFESTO shattered masts and broken oars for a few fishermen on a little Syrian lake, and waited till he knew before he spoke; until, in his own life, he had faced and mastered the problems that so pressed for an answer in the life of his times. When that answer came, it was not to name and fame that he was directed, but, to blame and shame. He was not to become one of the great ones of the earth, but simply to go about doing good, to the mean tax-gatherer and the despised woman of the street, and any one whomsoever he might meet by the wells or the wayside. And if any might wish to become the follower of one such as he, here was the preliminary instruction ;'Sell all that thou hast, and give to the poor,' words which in the ears of a high-born Roman or a law-revering Pharisee could only sound like madness. But he shrank not from the cross that was henceforth to be the symbol of* his life, and which he carried to the end, from the time when he went home to become subject to his parents. That cross was the entire subjection of his own personal, private will to the will of God. It lay in perfect obedience to the new spirit, the Christ, that took possession of him as he brought his own spirit into subjection to the behests of the divine law, and he preserved it unbroken even unto death. His disciples, to-day and through all days to come, can only take the same path. If we do not, if we reject as unnecessary the cross of self-denial, we are not his disciples, talk and preach as fervently as we may. The world is saved by doers of the word, and not by hearers only. It will be redeemed, is redeemed by those who count not their own lives dear, who seek not to* save the carnal will, but freely lay down their lives for Christ's sake and the gospel's. 'All for all,' is here the governing law. Give all and you receive all. He who loses his life, finds it again, with some strange element of eternity so Worked into it, that he can never again lose it. He has saved it in the only sure way that it can be saved, and the small satisfaction that comes of having one's own way and will gives place to a satisfaction that knows no bounds, for its root is henceforth set, not in the finite, but in the infinite and the eternal. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.