West Pittsfield, Mass. Oct. 1899. Autumn, by right of inheritance, has once more ascended the throne and become monarch of the year. Summer occupied a back seat by the door through the greater part of her time, and now that she is banished, Autumn reigns with nothing to molest. At his very first appearance his chilly air completely prostrated the tender plants of the garden, and the trees yielded up their luscious fruits to the hand of the harvester, and with drooping leaves, seemed to have resigned all pleasure and beauty. The maples, oaks and beeches, however, have decided not to withdraw without showing their colors, and stand arrayed in gorgeous apparel; the distant mountains are radiant with their beauty. So quietly and obscurely did Summer do her work that we did not realize the TJ IE MANIFES TO. 175 amount she had performed until now that we come to gather her golden legacy. In early summer we said, 'we shall have but just enough apples this year to fill the home measure, scantily,' but lo, already 300 bbls. of the rosy balls have been sold and sent to other homes. Pears have been both pleasing and plentiful and have been duly picked, pared, preserved, pickled and,peddled. The potatoes have started out to see the world, a well-conditioned band, more numerous than for many years. The sweet corn was very satisfactory and was sold before the drying process was completed. Some 110 bbls. of it left yesterday and other car-loads will soon follow. We find by collecting and counting our gifts that we have cause for much gratitude to the 'Lord of the Harvest' who has thus kindly blessed us, and the Thanksgiving day approaching should be filled with the expressions of praise and thankfulness which we daily feel. Our gifts have been and are many; our blessings are great. Can we, as stewards of the kingdom of God withhold them from the needy? Our faith is noble, the light of our leaders, of our parents, glows brightly over us and can we hide its light or allow selfish interests to cloud its brightness? The seed for the kingdom of Christ on earth has been sown and can we allow it to perish, to be destroyed or crushed or choked in its growth? Let us arise and in Christ's resurrection power roll away the stones of doubt and indifference, and come forth in newness of life. We are sowing daily sowing and what will the harvest be? We are building ever building for a great eternity. Shall the structure we are raising hold a light to all around, And the seed we now are sowing cause Christ's kingdom to abound? Fidelia Estabrook.