'WE ARE ABLE.' By Jessie Evans. IT is not difficult to pass in imagination to the scene which Scripture throws upon and around the three simple words under consideration. We see the Savior and his twelve disciples on their way to Jerusalem. St. Mark pictures Jesus as leading the way, and the privileged twelve following, awed by the silent, forceful spiritual ministration which emanates from his thought as legitimately as does fragrance from the heart of the rose. Kis mind is not earth-born, and at this moment is with its parentage. He is communing with his heavenly Father about the bitter cup, the Gethsemane agony which is soon to close his earthly portion. He walks on for a while forgetful, perhaps, of the presence of even his beloved companions. He and his 'Father are one'not an unconscious unity, but the positive absence of all separateness, a oneness established by the tests of the Jordan, the wilderness, the mountain, and by the prophetic current coursing through his mind, which has laid open to him his future betrayal, scourging, death. The human nerves shrink at the divine decree, but 'I and my Father are one' throws strength over the human and its momentary quiverings are lost in the contemplation of the almightiness of the compact. Suddenly he remembers the twelve, and turning he. speaks to them of his approaching agonies, dwelling with his usual tender consideration upon the happier thought of his resurrection upon the third day. Little apprehend they of the awfulness that is to characterize the closing days of their Master's life, but he knows. James and John, thinking mainly no doubt, of the glory of Christ's ascension, move forward eagerly, pleading, 'Grant unto us that we may sit, one on thy right hand, and the other on thy left hand, in thy glory.' The disciples instantly look indignantly toward the speakers, but Jesus is strangely THE MANIFESTO. 165 moved by the petition. Coming either from the mother or from the disciples themselves, it stirs his heart to its depths. 'Ye know not what ye ask,' he says, as the Gethsemane passport to that glory drops again into the horizon of his mental suffering. Then he remembers that they are his chosen ones, they have walked with him in his temptations, they worshiped at his transfiguration, and upon their hearts must the burden of the transmission of his gospel fall. He feels the pulse of their loyalty beneath the selfish appeal, he is assured of their ingenuousness ; yet he gently asks ; 'Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with?' They say unto him, only this: 'We aie able.' The ambiguous verbosity of the Pharisee, the secret 'if' of compromise rankling in the breast of the Judas so nearby, breathe no poison into the simple clearness of the words. They stand out upon the sacred page embossed in an almost child-like simplicity, yet upon the sensitive ear of the suffering Savior they rest as balm. In this hour of bitter thought, their confident sincerity comforts him, and in tender earnestness fall the words : 'Ye shall drink indeed of my cup and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with.' But he promises not to them the place in his Father's kingdom, for which they ask. He well knows that in drinking the cup of self-crucifixion, in experiencing the baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire, they will know no preference of place or name. No seat at the right or the left hand on any ideal throne of glory is the acme of the Christ work. As his heart bleeds even now for the world's great sorrow, so will theirs do ; and in the virtue of service thereto they will find all the throne and heaven that heart can desire. The subsequent history of the two brothers verifies the prophecy of Jesus. In the work of discipleship they figured prominently and well. Alas ! they slept during the Savior's hour of deepest anguish, and it is recorded that only the beloved disciple John lingered to catch the last appointment of his Master ; yet when the glorious day of Pentecost dawned, they who had declared themselves able to drink the cup and receive the baptism, were there 'filled with the Holy Ghost' to preach the power of the risen Christ. He who walked the streets of the material Jerusalem is no more, the Christ that reigns to-day in the spiritual Jerusalem, the Christ that is ever cognizant of the needs, the sins of the world that 'God so loved' is an omnipresence. His spirit inclines as two or three meet touching any thing we would ask. In our human thoughtlessness we, too, like James and John, may ask for an end, but Christ will teach us that the means only are for us ; we may desire an effect, but it springs from its corresponding cause. The life which Jesus lived is a life of processes. Was ever intimation given by him of a goal, a resting-place for his workmen? The eternal knows no boundary lines, and recognizes neither time nor space. To the rich ruler, after teaching him the initiatory step to be taken, he said, 'Then come and follow me.' Where would he lead? To a final throne where he would rest 166 THE MANIFESTO. with his disciples on the right hand and the left hand in a flood of heavenly glory? More likely he would send him to the cold mountain-side after the hundredth sheep that had gone astray. The prodigal in the far country, the bowed head of the publican, the little children behind the angry disciples, Zaccheus in the tree-top, were the sights that arrested the Savior's attention, and the disciple must be 'as his master.' Nothing in his testimony suggests other than that 'the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister and to give his life a ransom for many.' Christ's thinking moved always along divine lines, ours is sadly on the human, selfish plane. Yet with the confidence of James and John we may apply for a part with the Savior. The cup will bring its full bitterness, every heart must drink the heavenly elixir necessary for its purification, however uninviting. The baptism will inflict a straitening of all that interferes with the operations of the Holy Ghost and the fire. Then when the fan has thoroughly purged the floor the freed faculties will follow the Savior. Christ says to us, 'Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the oaptism that I am baptized with?' And the greater Voice adds, 'Fear not, for I am with thee. When thou passest through the waters, I will be with thee; and through the rivers, they shall not overflow thee : when thoTi walkest through the fire, thou shalt not be burned ; neither shall the flames kindle upon thee.' Hence, in implicit trust in God's protective promise, in the strength of our convictions, in our love toward the questioning Christ, we eagerly, lovingly respond, 'We are able.' East Canterbury, N. H.