INSTRUMENTALITIES. Oliver C. Hampton. NO one need to look further than the solar system, to be convinced that system, as inexorable as mathematics, governs the universe. All the planets revolve about the sun with undeviating exactness; so much so, that in the history of the science of astronomy, no important discrepancy has been known. Although we know all this gigantic phenomenon of the solar system, to have been the word and breath of the Almighty; yet there seems to run through the whole, a plan of instrumentality. The conditions of the earth are dependent, upon the influence of the sun. His direct effects are almost infinite. Again, vegetables seem to be dependent upon minerals, animals upon vegetables, as instrumentalities in their production and existence. The gradual evolution of the race of man from the savage to its present advanced state of perfection, seems to have progressed in a scientific and 170 THE MANIFESTO. perfect order of instrumentalities. 'Without variableness or shadow of turning,' and man has so far copied the wisdom of nature, in his upward progress that he too seems to come under the category of all the phenomena preceding him. For almost all objects and projects, looking to improvement in any and all directions, men organize themselves into companies, bands, associations, syndicates, trusts, monopolies, and church institutions. Each branch of such organizations is run, not by the great Spirit himself, but by some personal instrumentality best adapted for it. Jesus knew this science of systematic arrangement and its necessary operation through human instrumentalities far better than we do. He founded the Pentecostal church on the plan of human instrumentalities, both in its temporal and spiritual character. Although all the members of his Church could and did at all times invoke the aid of the Most H:gh, for aid and strength in the hours of adversity and sorrow ; yet th jy could not walk in utter independence of the order and systematic organization of the church, without becoming gradually dissevered therefrom and losing the united strength thereof to such an extent as to fail of the salvation of a united church which was as much greater than any isolated effort as the heat and efficacy of a gathered heap of fuel is greater than one isolated fire-brand. When a man steps out of a corporation or syndicate he knows instantly how much his isolated ability is likely to stand him in stead, compared with his power while belonging to a united institution all pulling in the direction of his interests and he toward theirs. But alas ! This condition of systematic organization requires obedience to its regulations, (not to any man or men as such, but to their gift of direction and authority as instrumentalities for the upbuilding, prosperity and perpetuity of the church.) Here is where a great deal of friction comes, and a great deal of self-sacrifice. But without just this condition of things how is selfishness to be destroyed, and without the destruction of selfishness what possible hope is there for our happiness, here or hereafter? In this church, the instrumentalities for our discipline and travel out of all lust and selfish propinquities are unspeakable advantages which can not be discussed at length without making this article too long, but after seventy-seven years' experience in all situations, both lay and clerical, I am ready to give it my heartiest indorsement and to agree that the rapt Prophet saw the beauty and poetry as wTell as the divine and saving efficacy of this Pentecostal church of our Savior and Mother when he exclaimed 'Behold a King (Christ) shall reign in righteousness, Princes (Officers in the Church) shall rule in judgment, and a Man (Men and Women) shall be made as an hiding place from the wind and a covert from the tempest; as rivers of water in a dry place and as the shadowr of a rock in a weary land.' Union Village, Ohio.