THE HEART AND THE HANDS. By Elder Henry C. Blinn. SOME persons who may love to quibble, better than they love to confine themselves to a Christian discipline, can only speak of the body as an anatomical structure, and that a reference to the affections of the heart, or the compassion of the bowels, is foolish, as everything, they say, comes under the domination of the brain. It is well, however, that all are not forced to think alike. In speaking of a pure heart, an earlier race has been pleased to designate it as the place of the affections. 'Our heart shall rejoioe in Him, because we have trusted in his holy name.' The prophet in his ecstacy then said that God would give a new heart to his people, and would also put a new spirit within them. Clean hands are equally as necessary, as we make reference to a spiritual work. 'He that hath clean hands and a pure heart shall receive the blessing of righteousness from the God of his salvation.' The taking of bribes was so potent in its influence, that the prophets had no hesitancy in saying that it was a fraudulent and unclean transaction. So carefully were the hands to be guarded that even the giving of alms came under a close inspection, to avoid the stimulating of vanity. On this point the people were advised not to let the left hand know what the right hand did, while under the influence of a generous spirit. This is all very nice, and just as it should be in the language of the Bible, and a careful study of this beautiful form of exNOVEMBER, 1899. 162 THE MANIFESTO. pression is very commendable. While we have the enjoyment of this spiritual thought, we must not forget the great necessity of having clean hands as a sanitary and a moral influence. Everything pertaining to our lives, forms a more or less direct impression upon those who are with us, and no duty is so small or so obscure but that it needs our careful attention. The hands are easily soiled and without special attention will soon become very unsightly. Our only remedy in this case is a conscientious use of soap and water. Although there may be individuals and families, and even tribes, who seemingly belong to the family of the 'great unwashed,' and whose spirituality must be equally as low, yet it would seem that cleanliness was prominently in the creative plan. The better class of human beings, in all probability soon devised a way to accomplish that which adds so much to the comfort of life, and to the pleasure of society. A few years since, a wise, but seemingly eccentric individual gave notice publicly, that he should refuse to shake hands with either man or woman, and gave as his reason for arriving at this singular conclusion, that the majority of people presented hands that were not only unwashed, but often repellant. While it is very essential that we should hold in remembrance the great value of spiritual, clean hands, and a spiritual pure heart, we must not forget that 'Cleanliness comes next to godliness,' and may be so closely conjoined that it would be difficult to make a separation. East Canterbury, N. H.