Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. September. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Kain. 1898. 05. 2.25 in 1899. 62.4 5.815 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 80 above 0. Lowest ' Number of rainy days ' ' ' clear ' ' ' 7 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 14 Oct. 1899. Xotes About Home should give an account of the tangible things of life which our eyes have looked upon; our hands have handled; our tongues have tasted; and our every sense has passed judgment upon and pronounced very good. Of this class I must number our apples, pears, cherries, and plums which are beauties to behold. This is the result of careful cultivation. AVhen I look upon fruits which in form are as perfect as though dropped from the turning lathe without a mar, I say, certainly an artist's genius formed them. Such have been the fruits of our orchards, gardens, and farms. Our potatoes are as days of yore when we would as quick think the stones would rot as the potatoes. The ears of sweet corn look as if they had been cast in a mould. Hubbard squash vines have borne loads of fine squash. The same may be said of the cabbage supporting heads nine, ten, and eleven inches in diameter. But why begin to individualize; truly we are blest in our basket and our store. We have been promised if we are faithful in temporal things we shall be blest with a fruition of the good things of the spirit world. Health and prosperity we certainly appreciate and daily are striving to secure. Folks generally well. Calvin O. Reed. THE MANIFESTO. 173 South Family. Oct. 1899. Dear Manifesto ;A few more greetings from absent friends through your valuable mediumship, then we repeat the final good-bye. We shall not forget the happy interchange of thought wrought through the circulation of our long loved Manifesto. Sunday afternoon of the 24th ult. in the Hall of the Church family Amanda Deyo, Vice president of the Universal Peace Union, delivered a soul-stirring address on the subject of Peace, portraying the beautiful effects of Universal Peace and the terrible degrading results of war in its varied forms. Her friends, Amanda Sholl and Martha Comegy were present; both are engaged in the same work. Annie M. Moody a leader in the spiritual and literary advancements of the day was present also. Sunday morning, Oct. 1st, at the Church family, Prof. Daniel Bachelor a member of the Peace Union gave a very interesting and instructive lecture on the 'Spiritual Teachings of Nature,' showing how wonderfully all things material are sustained by spirit forces. Ah! said the Professor do trees think and talk? They most surely do. They show character, even as the human family. Notice how some display a disposition to shirk while others represent a more noble type; they work and hunt for nourishment and grow by their own efforts. One and a half hours the Professor discoursed on this wonderfully enchanting subject. Our sweet corn harvest has exceeded our highest anticipations, a better yield was never known. Our apple crop is of the finest and best, large, fair and plentiful, just the kind to suit the taste of the most fastidious. Potatoes are splendid of mammoth proportions and delicious flavor, no one need hunger and thirst for the food of the farm is sufficient to supply all needs. The nutting season is much enjoyed by the children whose bright eyes and nimble fingers make sure of all that fall within their reach. Genevieve DeGratv.