A SEARCH LIGHT. By Elder Ernest Pick. ' 'XT OU did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the JL truth, so that ye can not do the things that ye would.-Gal. v., 7-17. The present state of our Society is one of unrest, confusion and dissatisfaction. Wherever we turn, whomsoever we meet, we find discontent, criticism and a strong desire for reform. Is communism a failure ? Is Shakerism on the decline? All of us agree that some reform is needed to resurrect our cause to its former prosperity in labor and in spirit. Nobody, however, sees the way clear, out of the woods. The reason for this is, that as a people at large we lack purity of heart. 'The pure in heart shall see God.' But this is nothing new. History repeats itself, and our conditions havo been among professing Christians before this day. After the mighty impetus for righteousness, started by the presence and life of Christ, had weakened in the time of the Apostles, similar to the relaxing zeal of Mother Ann's followers of the present day, Paul gives them and us the reasons in language not to be mistaken. 'Ye did run well, who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth?' 'For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.' 'But if you bite and devour one another, take heed that ye be not consumed one of another.' 'This I say then, walk in the spirit, and ye shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh.' 'For the flesh lusteth against the spirit, and the spirit against the flesh ; and these are contrary the one to the other; so that ye can not do the things that ye would.'Gal. v., 7-17. And this is just the dilemma we are in as a people, 'so that we can not do the things that we would.' In Gal. v., 19, 20, 21, Paul gives us that appalling catalogue of evils our mortal natures are and have been suffering under. How dreadful these accusations ! They are incomplete, and in our modern days we could add to the list;the degrading habit of the use of to- THE MANIFESTO. 169 bacco in all forms ; the use of vile language ; the monkeyish way of dressing some among us have adopted who are after the changing fashions of the world. Last, but not least the growing element of a class of modern Shakers who are above a certain class of work and household duties, generally called drudgery. My heart burns with indignation to see old and young, those of tender age and those whose hair has grown gray in a life-time's labor, toil from morning to evening, while others strut around in the door-yard or read novels and papers in their rooms, willing enough to handle the dishes, food and tools at the table, but not in the sink. These drones would soon undermine the fundamental principle of our order, the brotherhood and sisterhood and institute the relation of master and servant, madam and servant-girl. Let each tub stand on its own bottom. 'Work out your own salvation,' often we find, 'in fear and trembling.' There is no salvation by proxy, whether in temporal or spiritual labor. Let us then turn from the flesh-pots of Egypt and stretch out our hands for the manna of a higher life, which gives us the fruit of the Spirit. 'If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.' 'Let us not be desirous of vainglory, provoking one another,' for plunder and rubbish that can be had in any dry goods store. But let us get a firmer hold, a stronger grasp on the treasures of heaven. The Gospel is not a dead issue yet, not by any means. Like a thief in the night, it may, and will surprise us with revelations new. The prophets of old have not yet proved liars and fools, uttering vague imageriesyea, their most sanguine promises may and will be left far behind by the glory of a coming day and work. The mountain of doubt, darkness and confusion will be removed by one single word of faith,true faith ! Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.