Shakers, N. Y. Oct. 1899. It is a very true saying that we many times appreciate those treasures the most that have been lost or removed from our possession. From our correspondence we observe that almost universally the regret is expressed that our monthly Magazine is to be discontinued. We will then realize that it was a factor in helping to solve the problem of which of the forces shall dominate,those that tend to consolidate and strengthen or disintegrating ones? The age that we live in may properly be termed the reading age, as witnessed by the amount of literature, good, bad, and indifferent which is presented to the peo- ' pie. Where one listens to a verbal sermon, one thousand read it when published, and the necessity is becoming yearly more apparent that the best way to come into communion effectually with the mass of people is through the press. The statement of Hawthorne, that under whatever conditions human life is found acting, the tendency is toward the brute, seems based on false reasoning, for the most effectual way to brutalize a human being is to insist that he is not capable of attaining any other standard; and it would need a very strong mind to advance above and beyond that condition when that doctrine was perpetually asserted to their minds. While in all phases of human life there is need for impi'ovement, the most effective way for it to advance is to present it with a superior ideal and insist that it can be attained and whatever the mistakes made keep that light before them, asserting that it must be followed; that the ideal thought must be actualized in life. The Oct. number of 'The Coming Age' presents a very able essay on 'The Natural Laws of Permanent Peace,' by Samuel Richard Fuller, When wars and the ru- 174 THE MANIFESTO. mors of wars are perpetually heralded and the glorification and exaltation of hero worship has placed those on fame's pedestal, who have given their energies to the destruction of life, and the nations are proclaiming with a loud voice 'See the conquering hero comes.' It is blessed to come into communion with those souls who are able and willing to present something better than the old barbarian worship which crowned their oppressors and crucified their Saviors. Hamilton DeGraw.