NOTES ABOUT HOME. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. September. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Kain. 1898. 05. 2.25 in 1899. 62.4 5.815 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 80 above 0. Lowest ' Number of rainy days ' ' ' clear ' ' ' 7 ' ' cloudy' ' ' 14 Oct. 1899. Xotes About Home should give an account of the tangible things of life which our eyes have looked upon; our hands have handled; our tongues have tasted; and our every sense has passed judgment upon and pronounced very good. Of this class I must number our apples, pears, cherries, and plums which are beauties to behold. This is the result of careful cultivation. AVhen I look upon fruits which in form are as perfect as though dropped from the turning lathe without a mar, I say, certainly an artist's genius formed them. Such have been the fruits of our orchards, gardens, and farms. Our potatoes are as days of yore when we would as quick think the stones would rot as the potatoes. The ears of sweet corn look as if they had been cast in a mould. Hubbard squash vines have borne loads of fine squash. The same may be said of the cabbage supporting heads nine, ten, and eleven inches in diameter. But why begin to individualize; truly we are blest in our basket and our store. We have been promised if we are faithful in temporal things we shall be blest with a fruition of the good things of the spirit world. Health and prosperity we certainly appreciate and daily are striving to secure. Folks generally well. Calvin O. Reed. THE MANIFESTO. 173 South Family. Oct. 1899. Dear Manifesto ;A few more greetings from absent friends through your valuable mediumship, then we repeat the final good-bye. We shall not forget the happy interchange of thought wrought through the circulation of our long loved Manifesto. Sunday afternoon of the 24th ult. in the Hall of the Church family Amanda Deyo, Vice president of the Universal Peace Union, delivered a soul-stirring address on the subject of Peace, portraying the beautiful effects of Universal Peace and the terrible degrading results of war in its varied forms. Her friends, Amanda Sholl and Martha Comegy were present; both are engaged in the same work. Annie M. Moody a leader in the spiritual and literary advancements of the day was present also. Sunday morning, Oct. 1st, at the Church family, Prof. Daniel Bachelor a member of the Peace Union gave a very interesting and instructive lecture on the 'Spiritual Teachings of Nature,' showing how wonderfully all things material are sustained by spirit forces. Ah! said the Professor do trees think and talk? They most surely do. They show character, even as the human family. Notice how some display a disposition to shirk while others represent a more noble type; they work and hunt for nourishment and grow by their own efforts. One and a half hours the Professor discoursed on this wonderfully enchanting subject. Our sweet corn harvest has exceeded our highest anticipations, a better yield was never known. Our apple crop is of the finest and best, large, fair and plentiful, just the kind to suit the taste of the most fastidious. Potatoes are splendid of mammoth proportions and delicious flavor, no one need hunger and thirst for the food of the farm is sufficient to supply all needs. The nutting season is much enjoyed by the children whose bright eyes and nimble fingers make sure of all that fall within their reach. Genevieve DeGratv. Shakers, N. Y. Oct. 1899. It is a very true saying that we many times appreciate those treasures the most that have been lost or removed from our possession. From our correspondence we observe that almost universally the regret is expressed that our monthly Magazine is to be discontinued. We will then realize that it was a factor in helping to solve the problem of which of the forces shall dominate,those that tend to consolidate and strengthen or disintegrating ones? The age that we live in may properly be termed the reading age, as witnessed by the amount of literature, good, bad, and indifferent which is presented to the peo- ' pie. Where one listens to a verbal sermon, one thousand read it when published, and the necessity is becoming yearly more apparent that the best way to come into communion effectually with the mass of people is through the press. The statement of Hawthorne, that under whatever conditions human life is found acting, the tendency is toward the brute, seems based on false reasoning, for the most effectual way to brutalize a human being is to insist that he is not capable of attaining any other standard; and it would need a very strong mind to advance above and beyond that condition when that doctrine was perpetually asserted to their minds. While in all phases of human life there is need for impi'ovement, the most effective way for it to advance is to present it with a superior ideal and insist that it can be attained and whatever the mistakes made keep that light before them, asserting that it must be followed; that the ideal thought must be actualized in life. The Oct. number of 'The Coming Age' presents a very able essay on 'The Natural Laws of Permanent Peace,' by Samuel Richard Fuller, When wars and the ru- 174 THE MANIFESTO. mors of wars are perpetually heralded and the glorification and exaltation of hero worship has placed those on fame's pedestal, who have given their energies to the destruction of life, and the nations are proclaiming with a loud voice 'See the conquering hero comes.' It is blessed to come into communion with those souls who are able and willing to present something better than the old barbarian worship which crowned their oppressors and crucified their Saviors. Hamilton DeGraw. Sabbathday Lake, Me. Oct. 1899. One glance at the beautiful October woods reminds us that lovely summer has gone; that winter will soon take the place of autumn, and we shall all once more gather around the evening lamp, beside a cosy fire, away from the bitter winds that are so sure to accompany that dread season. Notwithstanding the long drought we have a fair harvest. Of ensilage corn crop never was better. The silo is filled with choice food for the cows. While cutting the corn the Brethren run the ensilage-cutter with a belt 160 feet long to prevent fire from the boiler. It worked nicely and no power was lost from length of belt. It may be of interest to add that the potato-field from which our main crop was raised, is 70 rods long and is in two towns, two counties, and two congressional districts. Although we expected very few apples the harvest brings us a goodly supply. The past week 13 bbls. of Baldwins were picked from two trees, in one p.m. We were very glad to hear from the new Shaker Home at White Oak Ga., and we wish it every success in its spiritual and temporal growth. The Trustees in Maine say they are sorry that the other Trustees did not feel able to furnish means to keep The Manifesto moving. The people in Alfred and Gloucester are united with the Trustees in the same spirit. Ada S. Cummings. -Alfred., Me. Oct. 1899. Summer has left us with the record of a busy season. We have had success indisposing of our fancy work, among the mountains, and at the summer resorts along the sea shore. Our potato crop was light but of good quality, apples are few. Have harvested two hundred tons of ensilage corn with which the two silos at the barn have been filled and a large surplus left over which is being fed to the cattle. We have gathered a hundred bushels of cranberries from our meadows; would have had more if the frost had not come to spoil them. On the 2nd inst. a few snowflakes came fluttering down to warn us that winter is approaching. Colds are prevalent in society caused by sudden changes in the weather. Our Laundry is receiving a new coat of paint on the outside. While we are gathering temporal blessings may we be mindful of the blessings which our Heavenly Father bestows on the faithful worker. Eva M. Libbey. West Pittsfield, Mass. Oct. 1899. Autumn, by right of inheritance, has once more ascended the throne and become monarch of the year. Summer occupied a back seat by the door through the greater part of her time, and now that she is banished, Autumn reigns with nothing to molest. At his very first appearance his chilly air completely prostrated the tender plants of the garden, and the trees yielded up their luscious fruits to the hand of the harvester, and with drooping leaves, seemed to have resigned all pleasure and beauty. The maples, oaks and beeches, however, have decided not to withdraw without showing their colors, and stand arrayed in gorgeous apparel; the distant mountains are radiant with their beauty. So quietly and obscurely did Summer do her work that we did not realize the TJ IE MANIFES TO. 175 amount she had performed until now that we come to gather her golden legacy. In early summer we said, 'we shall have but just enough apples this year to fill the home measure, scantily,' but lo, already 300 bbls. of the rosy balls have been sold and sent to other homes. Pears have been both pleasing and plentiful and have been duly picked, pared, preserved, pickled and,peddled. The potatoes have started out to see the world, a well-conditioned band, more numerous than for many years. The sweet corn was very satisfactory and was sold before the drying process was completed. Some 110 bbls. of it left yesterday and other car-loads will soon follow. We find by collecting and counting our gifts that we have cause for much gratitude to the 'Lord of the Harvest' who has thus kindly blessed us, and the Thanksgiving day approaching should be filled with the expressions of praise and thankfulness which we daily feel. Our gifts have been and are many; our blessings are great. Can we, as stewards of the kingdom of God withhold them from the needy? Our faith is noble, the light of our leaders, of our parents, glows brightly over us and can we hide its light or allow selfish interests to cloud its brightness? The seed for the kingdom of Christ on earth has been sown and can we allow it to perish, to be destroyed or crushed or choked in its growth? Let us arise and in Christ's resurrection power roll away the stones of doubt and indifference, and come forth in newness of life. We are sowing daily sowing and what will the harvest be? We are building ever building for a great eternity. Shall the structure we are raising hold a light to all around, And the seed we now are sowing cause Christ's kingdom to abound? Fidelia Estabrook. East Canterbury N. H. Oct. 1899. Like Ruth of Bible days, we have been busy gleaning, until now there remaineth none of the fruits of the land out of either storehouse or barn. The winter apples are a good crop, and pumpkins are unusually fine in flavor and huge in form. Three of the latter sufficed for a meal of the timehonored pumpkin pie for one. hundred tasters. The first snow-flake blew into sight on the 2nd inst. accompanied by a number of its mates, but so timid and tiny were they that they melted when we looked at them. When they grow up, we shall see more of them; they will, no doubt, be active and gregarious long after Home Notes have passed from sight if not from memory. But we are reminded that as Christians, 'we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen; for the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal.' The bond of fellowship between the various societies of Believers and the true friendship which sanctifies in Christ the relation we bear one to another, are among the real things and upon them we ask the blessing of God, that they may be multiplied and enriched until, as a people, we are what Christ our Pattei'n, would have us be, and what we all long to be. Jessie Evans.