THE PEACE CONFERENCE. By Frederic McKechnie. ON the 21st of August, a small party from the North family, consisting of Brothers, Frederic and Daniel, Eldress Anna and Sisters, Sarah and Cecelia set out to attend the conference of the Universal Peace Union, at Mystic, Conn. We went by the way of the Hudson river to New York, and thence by steamer to Stonington, and a brief railway ride in the early morning of Wednesday brought us to the Mystic. The sessions of the first day were only sparsely attended, but on Thursday and Friday the auditorium was filled both morning and afternoon, and in the evening there was a very fair attendance. The first speaker was Benjamin F. Trueblood, of Boston. He had been to the great Disarmament conference at The Hague, talked with many of those who took part in it, and gave us a very interesting account of its proceedings, predicting as one of its results that conferences of a similar nature would become more and more frequent. He was hopeful that its influence THE MANIFESTO. 167 would be potent for peace in the future, notwithstanding that it seems to have done so little of immediate importance for the cause of peace and goodwill between nations. It was a feature of this year's conference at Mystic, that speakers did not content themselves with merely calling for peace, but took a wider sweep of thought and dealt with the causes that helped to produce its oppositewar. Thus, one speaker dealt with the dietetic question. She respectfully submitted that if we ate what nourished the body and yet did not supply stimulus to the animal nature in us, namely, fruits, nuts and grains we should be helping along the cause of universal peace in a very substantial way. A man, she said, who spent his days slaughtering oxen, sheep or hogs, would not find it so difficult to go out and slaughter his fellowmen as would one who habitually abstained from eating scorched or parboiled portions of these animals, and those who habitually eat flesh-food are responsible for the existence of slaughter-houses and all the horrors connected therewith. Another speaker took up the temperance aspect of the question, and contended for the total prohibition of the sale and manufacture of intoxicating liquor as a means whereby men would come into a more peaceable frame of mind. He said that many times men had to be maddened with ardent spirits before they were fit to fight and if they never tasted these fiery waters, they would be unfit to and never want to fight. William Lloyd Garrison, son of the famous anti-slavery apostle, read an able paper on the general ethics of war. He condemned war as wrong, absolutely and always wrrong, and never under any circumstances a necessary means of settling international disputes. Professor Batchelor was the name of another speaker, but his remarks consisted of an explanation of the work he wras doing among the children of Mystic. He said that children were educated into w^ar by 'Boys' Brigades' and the like, and he thought they had a right to be educated into peace. His method is to take the children with him out into the neighboring fields and woods, and by the sea-shore and taking up anything that interests them in the course of their ramble, explain it to them in simple language. He carefully avoids all display of learning but at the same time tries to give them a correct idea of some of the wondeiful processes of the natural creation. He finds that this wray of studying natural objects has a very refining effect on the children. Some that were rude and uncouth are become mild and well behaved, and they ail are very much attached to him ; and for a good reason; the Professor is attached to them, literally gives himself to them, and it does not take children long to find out who love them and who do not. These were the principal speakers, but there were many moi'e; so many that time could not be found for all of them to address the audience. Eldress Anna, of our party, read a paper she had prepared entitled 'Voices from Mt. Lebanon.' It was very well received. And Bro. Daniel read a poem 168 THE MANIFESTO by Sister Cecelia, entitled, 'The American Flag.' We were frequently called upon in the course of the three days we were there to sing, which we did, trying through that medium to convey the sympathy and support we felt for the great cause of peace and good-will on the earth. From the many expressions of good feeling we met with, we believe we succeeded in our efforts in this direction and it was felt that in us they had those who would stand by the white flag of purity and peace until the whole earth was gathered beneath its snowy folds. It did us all good to meet with so many real live people and whether we visit Mystic again or not we shall not soon forget the conference of 1899. Mt. Lebanon, N. Y.