INTROSPECTION By Jessie Evans THERE are deeps and shallows in life. There are heights and depths in L the realm of thought. The earth has its seasons, and in their order they bring about sowing, cultivation, bud, blossom and harvest. No less so is it in the mind world. Thoughts take root, they lie seemingly dormant, but the blade comes to light and later the 'full corn in the ear' is ready for distribution or transplanting. The agriculturist always selects carefully the choicest specimens for transplanting, and the thoughtful are equally wise n their selection of what shall be reinstated in the garden of the soul. The seasons of the year have passed in their usual succession, and the earth has brought forth after its kind. God's blessings have redeemed, his promises. Obedient nature has exerted her utmost, and the fruits have been garnered. The leaves fall, and the trees, lately so radiant in their various colors, lately so burdened with many fruits, appear in their bare uniform. With the eye of the ignorant, one might pronounce them dead, so unsuggestive are they now of foliage, shade, blossom or frirt. But, on the contrary, they were never more truly alive. They have simply adapted themselves to their circumstances. The law that sends the killing frosts, forbids them now to present the beautiful fragile blossom, yet the power to produce the outward beauty is all conserved in the wonderful organism of the tree. Souls, too, have their seasons, but they come not to all at the same time. We turn and find, side by side, souls hoary with the whiteness of winter almost ready for transplanting; others laden with the golden fruit of gospel experience and wisdom; many in their spring-time are just putting forth the first leaves, while upon others we may find the promising bud and blossom. Many souls, like the vine, instinctively seek a strong support, yet upon them hang the ripe clusters of well-formed, timely fruit. It is an acknowledged fact that no two persons are exactly alike in either THE MANIFESTO. 183 structure or emanation. for this reason, it is of great importance that we individually study to know our mission. In the physical world we have our place, we select the occupations for which nature has fitted us. If we attempt duties which we are unable to complete, we turn to others until we find the sphere in which nature is satisfied to have us move. Some restless personalities pass from this life, having never found their legitimate avocations ; but it is our right, our duty, to pass with honor through the term of service on earth which God has permitted us as a preparation for the higher life beyond. Restless minds may, likewise, pass out of this existence with no definite knowledge of the part they were appointed to play in the great drama of thought. God hides his secrets deep, but he who treads the depths finds them unshrined. Shallows engage no divers. Our thought life is the supreme life. We pass before the eyes of men, and too often only the superficial is known. One writer truthfully asserts that we have never really seen each other. Nothing could be truer. We are not the personalities that hold in trust for a season the immortal faculties. They express what we are, they are the vehicles of our thought, but in the thought itself lie the real ive. For this reason, it bshooves us to find what place we occupy in the great realm of mind. God has stationed us in this beautiful world of his to fulfill an appointed mission. As each mind is distinct in its conceptions, so it is distinct in its responsibilities. The true Christian is as conscious of an under life as he is of his material existence. Deeper than the nerve that responds to human touch, is the current that connects him with the Divine. More distinct than the beating of the heart is the throb of his soul toward all that furthers Zion's interests. This higher self is of primary importance. The law that gives it birth provides for its growth and development, and we should study until on comprehension of it is as perfect as is that of the law governing the physical. The mission of our Savior was to bring men to a knowledge of the real life of the soul. Nothing so strongly incurred his displeasure as the sin of hypocrisy. When the hypocrites fast, he said, 'they disfigure their faces, that they may appear unto men to fast.' 'But thou, when thou fastest, anoint thine head and wash thy face ; that thou appear not unto men to fast, but unto thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father, which seeth in secret, shall reward thee openly.' The branch abiding in the vine referred to a vital connection with the productiveness of God and the barren fig-tree withered under his rebuke. In secret God chastens the human soul, silently his mysterious processes take place, they have no human witness. 'The wind bloweth where it listeth and thou heareth the sound thereof, but canst not tell whence it corneth and whither it goeth; so is every one that is born of the Spirit.' God acquaints every soul with its work at its birth. 'Where much is given, much will be required.' If the issue is a critical one, the discipline will doubtless 184 . THE MANIFESTO. be long and severe ; if the form is to illustrate perfect symmetry, the chiseling must be deep and constant until not an uncouth atom remains. We have not all, like the trees, passed the season of fruit-bearing ; but, like them, we must grow from a centered vitality. The shallows of life refer but to the transient, the immortal explores the depths and scales the heights. There is no time for the trivial, we turn from the superficial with disgust. The signs of our day call for living souls, adamant character, indomitable courage. Ke, whose under life is at peace with divine intentions, stands through all seasons, a branch of God's planting which is as the oak that grows but the more sturdy when assailed by tempest and storm. East Canterbury, N. H.