NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. October. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1898. 54. 7.75 in 1899. 51.35 1.5 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 74 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 26 Number of rainy days ' ' 6 ' clear ' ' ' 7 ' cloudy' ' ' 18 Nov. 1899. The items of greatest importance, ad valorem, should have the first place. This being so, seriatim, I must say: our itinerant Ministry at present are located at Hancock, Mass., reviewing the progress of the Community there, in things spiritual and temporal. So far as my information extends, their relationship is a bond of peace, love and union, a three fold cord not easily broken. At Mt Lebanon, Church family, the burden of the Brethren is the harvesting of the fall crops, preparatory to meet the inclemency of a cold, frost-bound, snowmantled winter. We are quite well prepared for the unwelcome visitor. According to the Indian maxim; 'Before winter sets in, the swamps must be filled with water,' which at present is not the case, and our springs are very low. The Sisters are busy as bees in the season of flowers; besides their ordinary round of duties, they are favored with orders in the line of making cloaks for citizens not of our Community. This employs a number of the Sisters from morning dawn till dewy eve. So both Brethren and Sisters have enough to do, leaving no time to be sick or to be unkind. This is a blessing, that should be appreciated, even if some of us do at times snap the hygienic law and get ourselves into a trap of troubles. Calvin G. Reed South Family Nov. 1899. Well here we are, witnessing the eighteen hundred and ninety-ninth November. And other Novembers will come and go, but will they revive our Manifesto? We hope it may be. We will not hope in vain! We will try to believe that what is, is for the best. The Manikk.sto should have a rest 188 THE MANIFESTO. We hope a short rest it only will get, 'Tis not very old—'tis not thirty yet. At twice its age we'd deem it quite young, And think its good work was scarcely begun. But rest is the law that must be obeyed, So on the high shelf it soon will be laid. Then after a time to light 'twill be brought With newness of life and richness of tho't Brighter 'twill be for its rest on the shelf, Dependent not then on base worldly pelf. Its pages will glow with beauty untold And gladly be read by young and by old. The gospel proclaimed by Jesus, we'know Will then fully fill our Manifesto. Till then—until then our patience we'll keep Back numbers read and much pleasure reap Call up the good we have found in the past Thro' writers unseen and seen to the last. Thanks we extend to our editor kind And trust that he will good health truly 1ind And find his way back where Berkshire hills grow There rest for a time like our Manifesto. To his honorable staff our love we inclose And hope they will now find rest'and repose. We have had a beautiful October more like summer than fading autumn. The bright sunshine and singing birds have reminded us of the Summer land where all is life, light and beauty. Sister Fannie Tyson of Enfield, Conn, paid us a visit on one of October's sunny afternoons. We all enjoyed her coming. Arthur Dowe, of California, in company with Brother Alonzo Hollistcr called on us a few days ago. We find pleasure always in meeting with friends both near and far. Our family are usually well and all are busy doing good and trying to make hay while the sun shines. Genevieve DeGraw North Family Nov. 1890. These autumn days—for whatever mere almanacs may say, winter has not yet come—we have gathered up all the cider apples findable and sent them off to the mill. Of good apples, our cellar is now quite full. Greenings, smooth and sound being the main part of our crop, but we have also got in quite a quantity of Baldwins; of these latter, more than we had at one time expected. In the very mild weather we have been having, the Greenings are not keeping as well as they might (in this respect being inferior to the Baldwin apple,) and it may be, we shall have to dispose of them before Christmas, although in former seasons we have kept them along into .January and February. The continued spell pf dry weather is allowing us to get fields and gardens ploughed and fertilized and we have also got in our supply of coal for another winter. But still, we would be glad to see some rain come along and fill up ponds and reservoirs before winter sets in. It would give us some water power with which to do a little sawing and other necessary things. This winter, if we can get at it, we expect to make a lot of carpet whips, a useful article to have in the house and one for which there should be a fair demand when once they are known. This is about all there is to write about home this month; only one thing now remains to do; bid adieu to our little magazine. It is a pity. Like a friend, it has called at our gates these many years, passed a few pleasant words and gone away again until another month came round, and has always been welcome in a quiet way each time it came. But now it is not coming back and this time we are to say farewell. But nay! we look forward to that 'wave of enthusiasm' of which our good 'directors' speak and say—not farewell but only, au revoir. Frederic McKechnie