NOTES ABOUT HOME Mt. Lebanon, N. Y. October. Average of Weather at Mt. Lebanon. Thermometer. Rain. 1898. 54. 7.75 in 1899. 51.35 1.5 ' Highest Temp, during this mo. 74 above 0. Lowest ' ' ' ' 26 Number of rainy days ' ' 6 ' clear ' ' ' 7 ' cloudy' ' ' 18 Nov. 1899. The items of greatest importance, ad valorem, should have the first place. This being so, seriatim, I must say: our itinerant Ministry at present are located at Hancock, Mass., reviewing the progress of the Community there, in things spiritual and temporal. So far as my information extends, their relationship is a bond of peace, love and union, a three fold cord not easily broken. At Mt Lebanon, Church family, the burden of the Brethren is the harvesting of the fall crops, preparatory to meet the inclemency of a cold, frost-bound, snowmantled winter. We are quite well prepared for the unwelcome visitor. According to the Indian maxim; 'Before winter sets in, the swamps must be filled with water,' which at present is not the case, and our springs are very low. The Sisters are busy as bees in the season of flowers; besides their ordinary round of duties, they are favored with orders in the line of making cloaks for citizens not of our Community. This employs a number of the Sisters from morning dawn till dewy eve. So both Brethren and Sisters have enough to do, leaving no time to be sick or to be unkind. This is a blessing, that should be appreciated, even if some of us do at times snap the hygienic law and get ourselves into a trap of troubles. Calvin G. Reed South Family Nov. 1899. Well here we are, witnessing the eighteen hundred and ninety-ninth November. And other Novembers will come and go, but will they revive our Manifesto? We hope it may be. We will not hope in vain! We will try to believe that what is, is for the best. The Manikk.sto should have a rest 188 THE MANIFESTO. We hope a short rest it only will get, 'Tis not very old—'tis not thirty yet. At twice its age we'd deem it quite young, And think its good work was scarcely begun. But rest is the law that must be obeyed, So on the high shelf it soon will be laid. Then after a time to light 'twill be brought With newness of life and richness of tho't Brighter 'twill be for its rest on the shelf, Dependent not then on base worldly pelf. Its pages will glow with beauty untold And gladly be read by young and by old. The gospel proclaimed by Jesus, we'know Will then fully fill our Manifesto. Till then—until then our patience we'll keep Back numbers read and much pleasure reap Call up the good we have found in the past Thro' writers unseen and seen to the last. Thanks we extend to our editor kind And trust that he will good health truly 1ind And find his way back where Berkshire hills grow There rest for a time like our Manifesto. To his honorable staff our love we inclose And hope they will now find rest'and repose. We have had a beautiful October more like summer than fading autumn. The bright sunshine and singing birds have reminded us of the Summer land where all is life, light and beauty. Sister Fannie Tyson of Enfield, Conn, paid us a visit on one of October's sunny afternoons. We all enjoyed her coming. Arthur Dowe, of California, in company with Brother Alonzo Hollistcr called on us a few days ago. We find pleasure always in meeting with friends both near and far. Our family are usually well and all are busy doing good and trying to make hay while the sun shines. Genevieve DeGraw North Family Nov. 1890. These autumn days—for whatever mere almanacs may say, winter has not yet come—we have gathered up all the cider apples findable and sent them off to the mill. Of good apples, our cellar is now quite full. Greenings, smooth and sound being the main part of our crop, but we have also got in quite a quantity of Baldwins; of these latter, more than we had at one time expected. In the very mild weather we have been having, the Greenings are not keeping as well as they might (in this respect being inferior to the Baldwin apple,) and it may be, we shall have to dispose of them before Christmas, although in former seasons we have kept them along into .January and February. The continued spell pf dry weather is allowing us to get fields and gardens ploughed and fertilized and we have also got in our supply of coal for another winter. But still, we would be glad to see some rain come along and fill up ponds and reservoirs before winter sets in. It would give us some water power with which to do a little sawing and other necessary things. This winter, if we can get at it, we expect to make a lot of carpet whips, a useful article to have in the house and one for which there should be a fair demand when once they are known. This is about all there is to write about home this month; only one thing now remains to do; bid adieu to our little magazine. It is a pity. Like a friend, it has called at our gates these many years, passed a few pleasant words and gone away again until another month came round, and has always been welcome in a quiet way each time it came. But now it is not coming back and this time we are to say farewell. But nay! we look forward to that 'wave of enthusiasm' of which our good 'directors' speak and say—not farewell but only, au revoir. Frederic McKechnie West Pittsfield, Mass Xov. 1809. So we meet in the 'Home Corner,' this month to sound the finale of our notes, or is it only to institute a pause in the music? Some one has said that a rest is as necessary to good music as is sound, for the following notes will acquire force by the preceding quiet. Best is not inaction. The soldier on picket-duty who faithfully performs his task, helps as truly as he who advances to meet the foe. We are commanded to 'Let our light shine,' and do we think that if one medium of communication be closed, we are to sit in darkness? It is not the polishing of the lamp or the ornamentation of its stand, that we now need, but it is the steady glow of a bright light. Such lights as by their loyal beams, send help and hope over life's troubled waters. Such lights as shine in little unnoticed places but just there the danger is greatest. The stars that lighten the darkened world, only produce their brightness by steadily glowing, each in its place of the vast firmament above us. Each one twinkling bright and clear, yet all their beams uniting in the flood of light illumining the distance. So may we shine, 'You in your small corner and I in mine' each one individually shining, yet all uniting in the one truth which our lives portray. Because we are called to a halt in the onward march, we will not lay our weapons down but build for ourselves walls of defence, and by daily drill strengthen our THE MANIFESTO. forces. Is not the command to 'halt,' as truly a command as the 'onward march?' Our duty as soldiers, is only to receive the order and obey. If the command is issued from our Leader, it can not fail to prove to have been for the best. We know our cause is one of truth. We are sure it will not bejforgotten or that its people will be forsaken. We must not 'run before'' our Leader, it is the faithful following that brings us to the kingdom. As we follow, new doors will be opened to us and we shall advance nearer and nearer the desired goal. We shall miss the little monthly chat with our Brothers and Sisters in other homes, but must learn to converse by thought waves. The inventor of the wireless telegraphy must work still farther and give us the power of wordless speech. So to the north-land and south-land, the east and the west, we send the mizpah benediction of old. 'The Lord watch between thee and me when we are absent one from another.' The Lord between us! Are we not then safe and sure? Though we see not each other, we are all stepping toward this divinity and since He is between us, there we shall meet united in Him, one spirit, one life. So now, dear members of the circle, can not we all join in the sweet parting song, that shall send its echoes to every one in our homes. 'God be with you till we meet again By His counsel guide, uphold you, With His sheep securely fold you, God be with you til) we meet again.' Fidella Estabrook Union Village, Ohio Nov. 1899. Ovn health is very good at the present writing. In fact, for salubrity of climate, Union Village is hardly to be exceeded by any region of country on this earth. Our crops are nearly all in and have been such as to elicit thankfulness and gratitude on our part to the great Father and Mother of us all. Our business is moving on in the usual routine of duties and labors pertaining to the success and perpetuity of o u r C o m m unity. To be true followers of Jesus, does not in these days, seem to have any attractions for the .average worldling, but one of these days there will come a radical change in all this. The good Lord knows when, and how to bring it about. In connection with these meditations, how often I recall those remarkable lines of Rev. John Newton,— 'Destruction's tlang'rous road, What multitudes pursue, While that which leads the soul to God Is known or sought by few. Kncompassed by a throng, On numbers they depend; So many surely can't be wrong, And miss a happy end. Hut numbers are no mark That men will right be found, A few were saved in Noah's Ark For many millions drowned. If self limsi be denied, And sin forsaken quite; They rather choose the way that's wide Anil try to think it's right. Obey the Gospel call, And enter while j ou may, The flock of Christ was always small, But none are saved but they.' I lately had a petition presented to me to sign, praying for the abolition of capital punishment. I signed the same gladly. I hope it may receive so many signers as to move our Legislature to the abolition forever, of that awful relic of barbarism. It should have been wiped from our Judicial system long ago. One man is writing us from AVaco. Texas, to be received as a member but there are those who oppose his uniting with us. Thus it is;—scarcely one in two hundred makes application for membership, who has not some insuperable barrier standing in his way, but Jesus said, 'Take no thought for the morrow.' In due time, doubtless, all things will be adjusted in the wisdom of the Highest, and for our greatest good and success. O. C. Hampton East Canterbury, N. H. Nov. 1899. Beloved Editok:—The last Notes about Home are certainly due you for your kind and prompt service to the public for so many years. While the last echoes of our written notes will soon die away on the wintry breezes that King Winter has already briskly set in motion, the music of grateful acknowledgment in the hearts of the many readers who have profited by the faithful circulation of our beloved 'Maxifksto' Avill not soon be hushed. One writer happily asserts, 'We live in deeds, not years,' and in this sense the magazine has lived long and well. We thank you as the motive power of its success. To the staff of printers we bid an affectionate farewell. If they have been unfortunate enough to make j&gt;t'.s behind the scenes, we have no proof of the fact, and while we know they must have needed many a stick in their work the public have been spared the sight. It is pleasant to cast a loving glance ininto every home at this season and believe 189 190 THE MANIFESTO. that all are working toward the upbuilding of our holy cause. We shall not greet each other again, perhaps, through this medium, but we can never forget that we are children of one rich inheritance, and as such, are pledged to a loving consecration to which there are no boundary lines and upon which the sun can never set. Farewell, dear faithful 'Manifesto;' and to our beloved gospel kindred, we say, God speed thee and us to higher trustworthiness, broader conceptions of our Christian work and to a deeper abiding love to the Zion of our God which can never be destroyed. Jessie Evans