THE STILL SMALL VOICE By Elder Henry C. Blinn simplicity of action in accomplishing any desired result should never be overlooked. So long as there are many men with many minds there must be as many corresponding forms of expression in order to manifest the thoughts that are evolving in the minds of individuals. Cultivation goes far in its ameliorating influence to make better the general character, and also in refining the manners and fitting them for the best societ}\ One of the old prophets in order to be able to preach an effectual sermon to an idolatrous king of Israel, was sent into a mountain and remained there several weeks. While in his hermitage he witnessed scenes like an earthquake, and then of a whirlwind and finally became so spiritually sensitive that he thought he heard 'a still small voice,' coining from the Lord. This wonderful season of meditation, no doubt, aided him very much in his subsequent message to the king. The potent influence of this remarkable gift of inspiration has never yet been lost, whether it be for an Ahab or a Herod that is to receive the divine word. Whether these exhibitions of the earthquake and the whirlwind that the piophet witnessed on Mt. Carmel were representations of the manners and customs of the people at that place, we may not be able to solve. But of all that he heard and saw in that remarkable retreat, the greatest excellence was readily admitted to be found in the still, small voice. DECEMBER, 1899. THE 178 THE MANIFESTO. The whirlwind and the earthquake characters may have their legitimate place among men, and be able to accomplish wonderful results, but faith, hope and love have a far deeper influence to eradicate wrong. Too much care can not be exercised in the ministration that passes from mind to mind. Men sometimes do heroic deeds in order to accomplish a certain end. While the point of the finest needle ma)? cause intense pain to a sensitive patient, the skillful surgeon does not hesitate if the case demands it, to use his scalpel, even though the loss of a limb be the result. With his knife goes his prayerful thought for the best good of all concerned. It required n. term of not less than forty days of fasting for Elijah to be able to discriminate the benefits arising from the ministration of the 'small voice,' over that of the whirlwind or the earthquake, with which he had for so long a time been very closely associated. Some of the old prophets who were being educated under the Mosaic Law, partook largely of the spirit of that Law, and in their ministry for religious benefit, framed their discourses on the principle of an eye for an eye and a .tooth for a tooth. If justice only rules, and mercy is kept in the rear, there may be some judicial decisions rendered that might seem even heroic under the rule of the Medes and Persians. The Lawgivers and .Judges conducted their administration very much after this same spirit. How nice it would be for those temperaments tliat are cither moulded on this plane, at the present day, or have been educated on this rigid, despotic line, to follow the course of the mountain prophet and after eating a little meat, begin a fast of forty days. For once we may rest assured that we should enter a new dispensation and be obliged to solve our diflicuities in a 'still, small voice,' much to the satisfaction of all our hearers. On the other hand there may be occasions when necessity demands volume of voice, when we must 'cry aloud and spare not,' and use good Anglosaxon words as the potent influence that is to consummate the anticipated good. Even the evangelical prophet, so pleasantly perused, and so literally quoted gave utterance, at one time, to those emphatic words as demanded by the mission for which he was sent. 'Cry aloud! Lift up your voice like a trumpet! !' The prophet was in earnest. There was no time to be wasted in smooth soft words while the enemy of our souls and of God's kingdom of righteousness was in danger of invasion. To cry aloud was an evidence of life, and that something was wanted immediately. Isaiah was well acquainted with the customs of the priests and prophets of Baal. In the days of Elijah as a test of spiritual influence the priests called upon Baal from morning till noon without being able to get a response. It was on a fast day that the children of Israel were doing as did the woishipers of Baal, and the good prophet urged the faithful to make as much effort in the interest of their (rod as the idolators did for Baal. What a lesson for those who believe in God ! What a lesson for those who THE MANIFESTO. 179 believe as said the Apostle—'we know that we are of God, and the whole world lieth in wickedness ! !' Jesus like Elijah was a man of meditation, and of fasting. He said there were certain conditions that could not be eliminated from the souls and bodies of men. except thi'ough prayer and fasting. As yet we have many lessons to learn. 'Though heralded with naught of fear, Or outward sign to show; Though only to the inward ear, It whispers soft and low; Though dropping as the manna fell, Unseen, yet from above, Noiseless as dew fall, heed it well— Thy Father's call of love.' East Canterbury, N. H.