West Pittsfield, Mass Xov. 1809. So we meet in the 'Home Corner,' this month to sound the finale of our notes, or is it only to institute a pause in the music? Some one has said that a rest is as necessary to good music as is sound, for the following notes will acquire force by the preceding quiet. Best is not inaction. The soldier on picket-duty who faithfully performs his task, helps as truly as he who advances to meet the foe. We are commanded to 'Let our light shine,' and do we think that if one medium of communication be closed, we are to sit in darkness? It is not the polishing of the lamp or the ornamentation of its stand, that we now need, but it is the steady glow of a bright light. Such lights as by their loyal beams, send help and hope over life's troubled waters. Such lights as shine in little unnoticed places but just there the danger is greatest. The stars that lighten the darkened world, only produce their brightness by steadily glowing, each in its place of the vast firmament above us. Each one twinkling bright and clear, yet all their beams uniting in the flood of light illumining the distance. So may we shine, 'You in your small corner and I in mine' each one individually shining, yet all uniting in the one truth which our lives portray. Because we are called to a halt in the onward march, we will not lay our weapons down but build for ourselves walls of defence, and by daily drill strengthen our THE MANIFESTO. forces. Is not the command to 'halt,' as truly a command as the 'onward march?' Our duty as soldiers, is only to receive the order and obey. If the command is issued from our Leader, it can not fail to prove to have been for the best. We know our cause is one of truth. We are sure it will not bejforgotten or that its people will be forsaken. We must not 'run before'' our Leader, it is the faithful following that brings us to the kingdom. As we follow, new doors will be opened to us and we shall advance nearer and nearer the desired goal. We shall miss the little monthly chat with our Brothers and Sisters in other homes, but must learn to converse by thought waves. The inventor of the wireless telegraphy must work still farther and give us the power of wordless speech. So to the north-land and south-land, the east and the west, we send the mizpah benediction of old. 'The Lord watch between thee and me when we are absent one from another.' The Lord between us! Are we not then safe and sure? Though we see not each other, we are all stepping toward this divinity and since He is between us, there we shall meet united in Him, one spirit, one life. So now, dear members of the circle, can not we all join in the sweet parting song, that shall send its echoes to every one in our homes. 'God be with you till we meet again By His counsel guide, uphold you, With His sheep securely fold you, God be with you til) we meet again.' Fidella Estabrook