Union Village, Ohio Nov. 1899. Ovn health is very good at the present writing. In fact, for salubrity of climate, Union Village is hardly to be exceeded by any region of country on this earth. Our crops are nearly all in and have been such as to elicit thankfulness and gratitude on our part to the great Father and Mother of us all. Our business is moving on in the usual routine of duties and labors pertaining to the success and perpetuity of o u r C o m m unity. To be true followers of Jesus, does not in these days, seem to have any attractions for the .average worldling, but one of these days there will come a radical change in all this. The good Lord knows when, and how to bring it about. In connection with these meditations, how often I recall those remarkable lines of Rev. John Newton,— 'Destruction's tlang'rous road, What multitudes pursue, While that which leads the soul to God Is known or sought by few. Kncompassed by a throng, On numbers they depend; So many surely can't be wrong, And miss a happy end. Hut numbers are no mark That men will right be found, A few were saved in Noah's Ark For many millions drowned. If self limsi be denied, And sin forsaken quite; They rather choose the way that's wide Anil try to think it's right. Obey the Gospel call, And enter while j ou may, The flock of Christ was always small, But none are saved but they.' I lately had a petition presented to me to sign, praying for the abolition of capital punishment. I signed the same gladly. I hope it may receive so many signers as to move our Legislature to the abolition forever, of that awful relic of barbarism. It should have been wiped from our Judicial system long ago. One man is writing us from AVaco. Texas, to be received as a member but there are those who oppose his uniting with us. Thus it is;—scarcely one in two hundred makes application for membership, who has not some insuperable barrier standing in his way, but Jesus said, 'Take no thought for the morrow.' In due time, doubtless, all things will be adjusted in the wisdom of the Highest, and for our greatest good and success. O. C. Hampton