THE HANDS DROP OFF-THE WORK GOES ON By B. F. Kent Bradley Whether it he to rear in stone Vast pyramids in Egypt's sand; Or girdle with defensive zone, The boundaries of a mighty land; In all the grandest 'works of time, That human power or thought hath won, Recruits fill up the broken line, The hands drop off—the work goes on. Man's thoughts reach out beyond their age, Like lanterns shining in the dark; Transmitted through the bard and. sage, God guards with jealous care, each spark. What needs to live will live; the truth Waits centuries for a tongue of fire, And in its own immortal youth Springs up from gibbet, stake and pyre. We stand sometimes in mute dismay To see a great man die. 'His place, What living man can fill?' we say; 'Histho'ts what lesser mind embrace?' 'Such loss!' we murmur in despair; So much devised, so little done.' A voice sounds through the viewless air, 'His hands drop off—the work goes on.' Time proves it so. ISTo wheels are stopped, Progress and science claim their own; The mantle that our hero dropped, On other shoulders has been thrown; Worn loosely for a time perchance, But as the sire, shall grow the son; God leads, himself, the grand advance, The hands drop off—the work goes on. Who rights the wrong, who breaks the chain From limbs long fettered without cause, Or from our statutes wipes the stain Of evil and oppressive laws, Must work, and trust to God and time, Nor hope with mortal eyes to see The dawning of the day sublime, The harvest white of victory. Sad leader of some noble cause, Measuring thy work by life's few years, Thou reckonest but by finite laws, Give to the winds thy idle fears. Though in the conflict face to face Thou fall'st before the day be won, Some heart inspired shall fill thy place, The ranks close up—the work goes on. Grand hope! Sweet comfort! Build thy plans And sow thy seed with careful thought; In God's good time if not in man's The miracle of growth is wrought. Thine eyes may close before the day That crowns the work so well begun; 'He sowed, the grateful gleaners say, That we may reap—his work goes on.'