THE VOICE OF THE 'MANIFESTO.' By Asenath C. Stickney 'jETo/c beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bn'ngeth good tidings, that publisheth peace.'—Isaiah Hi., 7. T I 1HUS sang the inspired prophet of long ago, while the sweet strain, seemJL ingly floating down through the centuries, rests upon the thought like liquid music. I quote this beautiful passage in respectful recognition of the value it has been to me during my pilgrimage as a messenger of 'good tidings.' Perhaps my patrons are not all aware that I, The Manifesto, first became conscious of existence as an entity at Watervliet, N. Y., in February of 1871, nearly twenty-nine years ago, where I learned from the veteran editors of that date that 1 was to become an itinerant missionary in behalf of the Shakers as a sect. Those worthy pioneers have long since joined the army of intelligences in the Realm of Souls. For the past eighteen years, my temporary home has been at East Canterbury, where the faithful editor, Elder Henry C. Blinn, has kindly superintended all my various needs, to whom I am now deeply indebted. Having recently heard it announced that my mission will close with the present century, 1 come once more to present my thanks to all who have in any way patronized my efforts. To the stanch contributors, who have so long fed me with substantial thought, loving words and hopeful aspirations, I tender my warmest congratulations. To the liberal subscribers, who have paid my fare in advance to different localities, I offer grateful acknowledgements; while to all my patrons, far and near, I owe a debt of especial thanks. Just here let me assure you, it is with much regret that I part company with so maii}r noble friends, yet feel that 1 must abide (he decision of my 180 THE MANIFESTO. superiors, only giving way, however, I trust, to a greater, stronger missionary agent that will more effectually further the Christian work I have faithfully sought to accomplish thus far. Having traveled extensively through the past twenty-nine years, and having found my way into many homes in foreign lands as well as in our own free country, I am happy to state that I have been treated with such consideration that no uncanny memories are to be found in my life record. I am well aware that my mission has been a lowly one. No popularity has been sought after by my contributors. No illustrations, no attractive pictures of material objects have graced my pages, no romantic stories told, no state prison records of unfortunates ever found room in the columns consecrated to the publishing of 'good tidings.' Each tiny volume has been chiefly devoted to the grave responsibilities of the soul life of the peculiar people it has been my privilege to represent. They glory only in self-conquest, one for one, in financial honesty, in sincerity of purpose, in devotion to the pure principles of self-abnegation taught by the Pattern of nearly nineteen hundred years ago. In my Home Notes, I have given the enquirer a glance into the domestic social life of their happy communal homes, and methinks, by so doing, may have answered somewhat the oft-repeated query; 'What would become of the world if all were Shakers?' In conclusion, I would say that I trust the dawning century will evolve some feasible method of publishing more effectually and more gloriously than 1 have been able to do, the 'good tidings' of gospel liberty to all true seekers after righteousness. Please accept, herewith, as a parting benediction, the kindest regards of Yours, The Manifesto.