The Ladies' Home Journal Columns of figures are seldom interesting, yet I fancy the two which register the receipts and expenditures of the United States year by year from 1791 to the present time will, without illumination, stimulate the curiosity even of those ordinarily indifferent to statistics. If some modern Rip Van Winkle were to be handed this table, which annually appears in the report of the Secretary of the Treasury to Congress, he would know at a glance that in one instance, at least, some great and tremendous event had happened in his country's history. Beginning with gross receipts, which includes revenues and loans, of $4,771,000 in 1791, he would notice a steady growth, until they reached $83,371,640 in 1861. Next year, 1802, they were $581,680,000—an increase in a twelvemonth of nearly half a billion dollars; in 1863, $889,379,652; in 1864, $1,393, 461,000; in 1865, $1,805,939,345; and for three years thereafter receipts in excess of one billion dollars annually. From then until this day he would see, also, that the Government's ordinary revenues have been counted annually in the hundreds of millions. If, after seeing such a picture, one were to tell him that this country, a generation ago, suffered four years of strife such as the world had never seen, it ought to occasion in his mind no surprise. The plain cold figures are sufficiently graphic to tell the story of the magnitude of the Civil War.—Hon. Lyman J. Gage, in Franlc Leslie's Popular Monthly for November. An important pictorial feature will shortly begin in The Ladies' Home Journal in a series to be called 'Through Picturesque America: In 100 Pictures.' Through the medium of the most superb new photographs, taken expressly for this feature, the series will start where American land begins on the Maine coast, take in the greatest points of magnificence and marvelous scenic wonders in every part of America, embrace Alaska, Cuba, Porto Rico, and end where American possessions stop—at the farthest point in the Philippine Islands. Bright, popular explanatory text to accompany the pictures will be supplied by Luther L. Holden, of Boston, who has crossed the American Continent over one hundred times and knows every step of the way. The series will run through the magazine for a year. It was my privilege to attend Mass on the Olympia during the voyage from New York to Boston and I shall never forget the emotions it excited. The little portable altar, formed of sections of gas pipe, was set up on the starboard side of the gun deck, almost amidship. It was draped with the Stars and Stripes and covered with linen and lace. Over the tabernacle hung a crucifix, and on either side was a single lighted candle. One side of the altar was flanked by the frowning breech of a gun. On the other side, and only a few feet away, was the galley, where the cooks were busy preparing dinner. Behind the altar was located an orchestra composed of members of the ship's band. The devotion with which the sailors and marines followed the Mass was something remarkable to behold. Father Reaney's little discourse was an instruction based on the devotions of the month of October. He referred to the power of the Blessed Virgin as a mediator, and how, as the Star of the Sea, she had a special oversight of those who went down to the sea in ships. Then there was a deft touch in referring to the earthly mothers, and the sermon was ended.—Donahoe's